the hem of megan 's dress had ridden up to her hips , and a tiny scrap of lace underwear was the only thing covering her core as she rubbed herself against his crotch .
it was one thing taking off , but it seemed like there was so much more that could go wrong when landing .
my back was n't the only thing that went ramrod straight .
there was no way that thing would ever fit inside me .
her ass was the tightest f**king thing i 'd ever felt around my cock , and that was saying something because my baby has a tight cunt .
i mean , i barely even looked at the thing at the time - i thought we 'd be together forever .
` ` i 'll tip this thing over , '' he warns me with a grin .
` ` look , i ' m sure it will be fine , '' emerson sighs , starting to gather his things , ` ` if nothing else , they ' ve got that whole snobby , fake - polite thing going on .
i ' m going to have to show up in the same thing i wore yesterday , and everyone 's going to know that we- '' ` ` here , '' emerson says , reaching into his wallet and withdrawing a credit card .
he 'd tried to find a substitute , but none had matched the real thing .
with every step , that short little cotton thing flipped enticingly , never revealing anything but coming so close he had to restrain himself from touching the backs of her legs , from letting his hands slide up from that flippy little hem so he could explore everything underneath .
with a flick of a tie and one button , the whole thing just slipped down her shoulders .
i 'll expect you to pack up your things and find a new place to live before the end of the month since we received three complaints all last night ! ''
and even if she had , she would n't have wasted precious pennies on the electricity to run the darn thing .
he 'd have her in his home , in his private rooms and he would make sure that the only thing she had to wear was some silky thing that would easily slip off of her luscious curves which he would then explore with careful attention to detail .
he 'd have her in his home , in his private rooms and he would make sure that the only thing she had to wear was some silky thing that would easily slip off of her luscious curves which he would then explore with careful attention to detail .
` ` are you expecting other men to demand your whereabouts first thing in the morning ? ''
she wasn '' t going to be this man '' s play thing !
we probably wo n't even be able to find each other on that thing , '' she said .
pulling on the first thing she found , she pinned the green sundress up the front of her , not even caring how the cut of the dress showed off her slender waist and hugged her figure , making her appear delicate and dainty .
but that thing was ... . '' she was n't really sure how to describe that burger .
i ca n't believe you were holding the head of the russian mafia at gunpoint and you do n't know how to use the damn thing ! ''
rocco watched in amazement and confusion as the doctor scrubbed his hands thoroughly while he called out instructions to the nurses , all of whom were putting things in place , readying the room for the delivery of his child .
a few things slid into place .
some sort of fancy craft store glue and then a layer of varnish over the whole damn thing .
the minute autumn walked through the door ellie took her measure and pronounced she had just the thing .
` ` i ' m still in montana , working on that ... thing , '' she began and then wanted to knock her head against the wall .
ethan was counting on that , so when a saturday night came up and he saw rob getting it on with a fine , young thing out on the dance floor , he nipped out early , rode over to rob 's cabin , and snuck inside . ''
` ` i did n't touch a thing , you swam right into me , '' he said , holding his hands up .
he knew ethan never used the thing , hated gadgets and technology .
` ` i ' m surprised you know how to work this thing . ''
she was busy helping rose pack things away for the night .
she tried to keep her cell phone between her shoulder and her cheek , but the thing was too darn small to balance there .
` ` how the hell do you get this thing off , '' he growled in frustration , turning back to the nightie , ready to tear it off of her .
i peeked up there last week and it looks like no one 's touched a thing in ages . ''
she picked up the next thing to hand - a garden clog - and threw it with all her might .
he had n't had more than four hours of sleep for the past few nights , and jamie blindsided him in the barn first thing this morning to tell him again how little he appreciated him going behind his back to make deals with ethan .
i 'll see you first thing in the morning . ''
the minute she 'd walked into ellie 's bridals , the white - haired woman had looked her over and bustled off to find just the thing .
` ` i 'll prove my dexterity to you in a minute , as soon as i get this thing off of you , '' he growled , kissing the back of her neck and tickling her ear with his breath .
` ` she does n't even know how to program the thing . ''
the thing was worthless .
` ` you sure you know how to work that thing ? ''
` ` bet paul finally wrestled that thing out of her hands , '' evan said to madelyn , standing next to the portable table she 'd set up as a workstation .
` ` that ratty old thing ? ''
heck , if she could get away with it she 'd climb right in the thing to cool herself off .
when she moved out from emory 's carriage house , the only thing she 'd be able to afford in town was a small studio apartment or a room in someone 's house , but she was n't going to let that get in the way of her painting career .
` ` i swear they would build the whole thing if i let them , '' rose said disgustedly .
after leaving them there to harden overnight , she 'd picked them up first thing this morning .
` ` here 's the thing , '' he said .
was it his obsession that pushed him to destroy rose 's things , or was it a straight up desire to hurt her ?
she could drive overnight to north dakota and confront jason first thing in the morning .
kind of an old dude that likes to rearrange rose 's things and burn her paintings up ?
` ` actually , turns out the thing was hand - raised as a pet before its original owner gave it up .
` ` think that thing will hold my weight ? ''
whirling around , she threw on the first thing that came to hand - jake 's shirt from the previous night - and ran down the stairs to the bathroom on the first floor .
hannah panicked , then rolled her eyes at herself for caring as she raced for her room and tore off her clothes , reaching for the first thing that came to hand in her closet - a clingy dress of cobalt blue that made her eyes pop and her hair glow .
the elderly proprietress regaled them with stories of wedding disasters while hannah tried on dress after dress until ellie pulled out just the thing .
just the thing turned out to be an off - the - shoulder gown with a slim fitted bodice and a flowing skirt .
a friend like camila could be just the thing to draw her out of her shell .
there was nothing for it ; she 'd have to hike out first thing in the morning .
it would be hard to break through and get off of the roof , but if left there , the whole thing could collapse .
she 'd have to start in again first thing in the morning and pray the structure held up through the night .
it 's the only thing i have to dull the pain . ''
to get to see him first thing in the morning and last thing before going to bed at night .
to get to see him first thing in the morning and last thing before going to bed at night .
luke liked things in their place .
what woman in her right mind wants to ride around in that old thing ? ''
she wished he would scream at her , rage at her , even throw things at her - anything but the grim silence that filled the cab like a living thing .
the ring was beautiful and she 'd love to own such a thing , but she instinctively knew it would n't break the bank .
she made sure her customers left with the perfect dresses and normally she could pick out just the thing on her first try .
` ` where are we putting this thing again ? ''
it 's marked fragile all over the thing , '' carrie benton said and disappeared into the back room to fetch it .
` ` i think i 'd be careful about how i open that thing , '' luke said .
` ` you 're going to be up first thing in the morning , right ? ''
the whole thing was as spotless as anything .
thankfully , adam walked in right behind her so she did n't have to worry about how to approach the maitre 'd in her serviceable but boring navy suit which was the only thing she had to wear besides the jeans she 'd been wearing for the past four or five years .
just think what you could accomplish with a sophisticated companion beside you instead of this mousy thing , '' she ended , sneering her dislike at sophie .
and thankfully , she had just the thing , thanks to dominic 's crazy generosity .
she quickly showered and pulled on a pair of jeans and a tee - shirt , slipping her feet into the first thing she could find but grateful that they were comfortable shoes for the long flight .
the lacy , silky fabric was the only thing that preserved my modesty , and i had no intention to let it go so easily .
the thing was carved from wood and reminded me of a distorted face with an open mouth and big , alien eyes reflecting terror .
` ` i did n't even know they make such a thing .
i never expected the damn thing to be so heavy .
it was an old thing , whose annual repairs cost me more than using public transport .
` ` the girl who was killed , gina , i found her things at your place .
` ` you 're kind of evil , '' he teased , leaning across the floor to grab a bracket looking thing to screw into the wall .
` ` that 's got to be the cheesiest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' i teased , even though , yes there were quite a number of things i saw at the moment i liked .
maria smiled , ` ` i think i have just the thing . ''
i grabbed the first thing i could find , the lounger , but i missed , or i think i did .
it had a small budget , and was an independent film -exactly the type of thing i needed .
with declan james , the hot new thing in hollywood , cast as the lead , they had been able to land a top - notch actress to costar .
the house had n't been the only thing benefiting from the color enhancements .
stealth was not my thing .
it 'd immediately become my new favorite thing to wear .
you did n't have to march over here first thing in the morning . ''
it was my thing , and you are currently ruining it with chemicals and tacky mulch . ''
i helped her pull a few things from the trunk .
` ` you are seriously going to put me on that thing in the middle of the lake and drag me behind the boat ? ''
he 'd stayed on that little raft - looking thing the entire time , which was what i intended to do as well .
are you sure you tied that thing right ? ''
no matter that she 'd never baked a thing in her life , she was going to do this for her beloved grandmother and nothing was going to stop her .
goodness , where had he found that old thing ?
rude or not , it was time to get that thing away from him .
next to go was his belt then his shoes , socks , and trousers until the only thing hiding his nakedness from her was thigh - length briefs that did little to conceal his straining bulge .
when you came here you expected to take a slender , sexy thing back with you .
with his lean figure he must have been a scrappy little thing , fighting his way past bigger , brawnier boys until he was able to compensate with a height that probably exceeded the majority of them .
he was seducing her and she could n't do a darned thing to stop it .
she 'd almost brained him with the thing .
i completely forgot to go back and get the darned thing . ''
if she was n't careful , that thing would roll back and she 'd find herself flat on her face .
` ` first thing in the morning .
` ` but ... do you even know how to use that thing ? ''
she did n't see a thing she would call a landmark .
i ' ve put things in place so that i do n't have to keep running off . ''
his voice was a hoarse whisper and then he was up and off the cot and standing right in front of her , the heavy metal bars the only thing keeping them apart .
you pick out the damn thing .
you naughty thing . ''
if she was n't careful she 'd be spilling the thing in another minute .
` ` now tell me , why the heck did you keep this thing a secret all this time ?
` ` i ' ve put things in place to get my business back in order .
` ` sure thing , '' the kid gushed as he hurried to position himself behind the bar .
she kept wringing the strap of her bag till the poor thing looked like it would snap from the abuse .
in her room she would have found tons of stuff - sashes , head wraps , scarves - but here in a man 's more spartan bedroom she could n't find a single thing .
that old thing ? ''
` ` but it 's the only thing i have that 's appropriate . ''
` ` well it did , so get your tail out here first thing tomorrow and deal with your business . '
same thing .
jeez , you must have gone and brewed the damn thing yourself . ''
why had n't he turned the friggin ' thing off ?
` ` trust me , in that slinky little thing , you will . ''
now tell me you 'll be on the plane first thing in the morning . ''
` ` first thing in the morning , '' he said and then he glanced at arie who still slept , oblivious to what was going on .
` ` where did i put that thing ? ''
it was a cozy little area with a couple of comfortable - looking armchairs facing a low mahogany table on top of which anya 's things were scattered .
sultry and sexy as a siren she 'd come out of her bedroom dressed in nothing but a g - string and god knew what that thing was she 'd thrown over it .
he was seeing right through the damn thing .
it was like the woman had stocked him up with all the canned goods that could fit in the darned thing .
not that the darned thing was doing much good in concealing his state of arousal .
` ` i can think of one thing that 's sure to keep us entertained , '' he said with a wicked grin .
muttering to himself he strode toward his tent , ready to dismantle the thing and pack it into the jeep .
he 'd had grits before but had he ever made the thing ?
she would never be able to sneak up on a soul with that glaring thing on .
i ' ve known her less than a year but she 's the closet thing i have to a daughter . ''
he was so attached to the thing , if he 'd had a wife she 'd be jealous of the relationship .
` ` i 'll be back first thing tomorrow , '' she said .
all the while , she still could n't muster the courage to touch the thing .
she walked slowly over to the door , took a deep breath and jerked the thing open .
tracy had been so distracted that she did n't even notice the thing until he did so .
the whole thing hung off of her in a way that reminded hayes of a greek goddesses .
he quickly made five more before dropping them all into a bowl of bread crumbs and tossing the whole thing at once , coating every piece evenly .
tracy grabbed the thing and jerked down , only to be blinded by a brilliant flash of white .
the tip of the man 's elbow was the first thing that crossed into tracy 's sights .
she had never told him that she wanted to own the thing , but it had been her dream to own some kind of restaurant for years now .
tracy waved the waitress away , smiling at the look of relief flooding the poor thing 's features .
` ` i buy one thing and they all go crazy , '' he said , looking back at the tents like they might follow him out into the ocean .
my own hands went to his chest , his white t - shirt the only thing between me and those solid pectorals of his .
` ` i buy one thing and they all go crazy , '' he said , looking back at the tents like they might follow us out into the ocean .
the ancient thing was shaking angrily as it counted up missed messages .
the number rolled into over 100 missed calls with just as many voice mails , and the darn thing was still shaking as it counted .
if everything looks good , you can leave first thing in the morning , all right ? ''
at best , you might actually get the dang thing . ''
i felt almost too casual in my dark blue dress , but it was the nicest thing i had .
it was a cute , sporty little red thing .
i felt like i could sail the entire thing blindfolded .
normally , that did n't bother me since that was the best thing to wear out on the boat , but standing next to this perfect , model - like woman , i felt incredibly inadequate .
architectural jewels and historical treasures that i ' ve turned into five star hotels , but that sandcastle was the most beautiful thing i have ever built because i made it with you , '' he explained .
i 'll go get them , '' maddy said as i rose to collect my things .
since i did n't have the box to return the damn thing , i would have to find a way to make it work .
i have a lot of work stored on that thing . ''
i would just sit back , enjoy it , and order the cheapest thing on the menu .
i 'll fire him first thing in the morning . ''
the thing that would get me going again .
coming down the beach , carrying a long surfboard looking thing and a paddle , was a billionaire .
` ` plus , the drink special is this rum thing that they only make here .
i stopped and thought about how i would ever afford such a thing .
the only thing keeping his erection from completing me was the thin lace of my panties .
he ripped the waffle iron out of the wall and threw the entire thing in the sink .
this old thing ? ''
then again i think you 'd look beautiful in that green and pink shapeless bag thing you showed me earlier as well .
` ` she knew everything there was to know about us and did n't do a damned thing to fill us in on the big mystery until now . ''
` ` i 'll see you first thing in the morning . ''
the damned thing only covered supervising employees and ways to improve their work environment .
all she could think about was what he 'd wear to bed and how he 'd look first thing in the morning when he woke up .
the entire thing consisted of an asphalt landing strip that he 'd bet barely met faa standards , a storage shed that leaned precariously to one side and a wooden pole with a tattered wind sock attached to the top just above the united states and texas flags .
` ` i stored the rest of my things until i find a place in devil 's fork . ''
as he drove to the lumber yard , he mentally reviewed all the things in need of repair or replacement at callie 's place .
where on earth had she put the thing ?
` ` i ' m sure you 're cold and uncomfortable in that thing . ''
` ` i have a couple of discoveries to get through and a court date scheduled for friday , but i 'll be there first thing saturday morning . ''
` ` other than that , i have n't done a thing , darlin ' . ''
` ` is that thing full size ?
` ` divide up the list and get started first thing in the morning , girls .
the last thing she wanted was the things that sergio had bought for her , including the beautiful butterfly necklace .
i studied marshall 's naked body , thinking of it as the type of thing that was thought of by a sculptor - a perfect work of art and one that you longed to possess .
the dang thing would fall apart .
` ` you were really going to drive that thing back home ? ''
the closest thing he had was a grand piano .
where is the damn thing ? ''
let 's just get a room , and we 'll drive out to montoose farm first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you call me first thing in the morning , you got it ? ''
if you 'd like , i can hire someone to clean this place out , then i 'll buy you new things -- '' parker was beginning to feel hopeful .
the all high and mighty mr . jackass drove over the sharp rocks and flattened the tire on the thing .
i ca n't believe she has to start this shit first thing in the morning .
she wondered how many lives parker davis ruined to pay for this thing .
she had called camille johnson first thing this morning and asked about a job , and perhaps a small furnished house to rent where animals were allowed .
` ` i have to pick my jeep up , and all of our things are back at my place .
` ` thing ... i ' m not a thing !
` ` i 'll have to go back to my friend 's place and get my things together .
he spotted matthew come in , order a beer , and chug down almost the entire thing .
the writing was crooked , but in many ways , it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
it 's been nothing but a thorn in your side since i got sick , and i really did n't do that great of a job setting the blasted thing up to begin with .
` ` then give the dang thing away !
the thing was impressive , a huge four - poster with crimson brocade hangings .
` ` just put the fucking thing on , '' he ground out .
his gaze shot to the thing in her hands .
the thing pulsated under her stare .
he 'd stayed the night in the hospital , but discharged himself first thing this morning .
he watched her every move , unable to drag his eyes from the most erotic thing he had ever seen .
her fingers ached and she could barely lift the damn thing , but she refused to let him see how much she hurt .
and why are you re - building this old thing in the first place ?
besides , i ca n't imagine why my dad let this thing becomes so out of sorts if he was housing other horses throughout the months .
instead , she enjoyed a leisurely morning , sipping her coffee and nibbling at a piece of toast , the only thing she knew how to cook without burning .
deciding that she had to at least try out her idea or stop thinking about it , she pushed her manuscript back into her bag and tossed the whole thing over her shoulder .
the damn thing fit her like a glove and he could see her figure with her perfect breasts that his hands instantly wanted to caress , and her tiny waist all encased in glowing silver fabric .
the least she could do was pretend to like the damn thing !
` ` this person is developing the next best thing for one of your computer companies .
` ` and the topless thing ?
` ` and i ' ve been carrying that thing all day long . ''
he suspected nothing at all which was a crime since this woman 's hair had been the softest , most luxurious thing he 'd ever ... . dante forced his mind back to the problem .
it would actually be perfect for jenna 's party with the fifty 's style sheath cut that made the whole thing look dramatic and yet simple and elegant .
he flicked on the light beside his bed and stared down at her , his hand reaching one more time for her bra , unsnapping the whole thing and whipping it off her .
perhaps i should just destroy the damn thing now and be done with it . ''
they would know exactly where any anti - theft devices are and , if they were to steal that car , the only thing left in the parking space is what remains of your fabulous anti - theft device , just to twist the knife a bit more .
` ` and ... the poor thing is in pretty bad shape .
it was n't like she 'd have to drink the whole thing .
the back area of the vehicle was actually a place to carry things and drake pulled out a bag .
` ` there are a few things i really like but it might just be a simple chef 's salad .
he made her dinner which consisted of sandwiches , which was the only thing in the refrigerator , and a bottle of wine .
grabbing the first thing that she could in her closet , she pulled on a navy suit and a simple cream silk shirt , both of which were professional looking but still circumspect which was her preferred style in the office since it allowed her to achieve a look of responsibility .
he was very considerate as they talked , asking her opinion , why she would do one thing versus another and suggesting very few alterations .
darn thing !
assuming it was only her neighbor , mrs . winkler , who constantly ran out of one thing or another when she was baking and needed to borrow it from antonia , she just walked to the door and opened it without looking through the security hole .
` ` honey , you 're going to rip that thing if you do n't stop .
he called first thing this morning , '' she said .
she wanted desperately to start reading them , but she decided to start on them first thing in the morning .
` ` now sit down next to that pretty little thing and tell her what a great guy you are so she 'll fall madly in love with you ! ''
he 'll be all ready for church first thing in the morning .
by midnight , she promised herself that she would call him first thing in the morning before the day became too hectic .
you know exactly how this thing works .
do n't you need a navigator on this thing ? ''
then again , mairi was mairi - the only thing she probably had was a potion to stay in love with greek billionaires , no matter if they acted like the greatest bastards on earth .
` ` you 're such a cute thing .
he did n't deserve a sweet thing like her but she was his already and he would not relinquish her for anything else .
and the girl before him , appearing like a shy little thing , knew it .
` ` do n't leave a f**king thing out , misty .
saffi march was the most feminine - looking thing staffan had ever seen in his life .
did this thing have speakers ?
he could n't wait to take the damn thing off .
` ` i ' m a sure thing , baby .
she was surprised the poor thing had n't given out .
it had to be the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
she 'd taken a pair of scissors to that thing as soon as she 'd gotten home .
she frowned and chucked the thing into her purse .
she swept her arm out , smacking a vase of flowers and sending the entire thing crashing to the floor .
he suspected sasha had slipped the thing in his pocket .
` ` i should ' ve never given you the stupid thing . ''
later , after seeing pictures of her husband dancing with a woman named after a fruit , she 'd chunked the damn thing into the ocean .
christian had to read it a couple of times before he shoved the thing back into his pocket .
he wanted to throw something at the damn thing first .
he leaned forward , intent on x - ing the damn thing out when he stopped short .
take the damned thing off and wait for death .
` ` sorry , '' she muttered , wishing she had the courage to run over to sasha and rip the thing off of his neck .
last night , as he counted cracks in the ceiling of the room he 'd rented from the local bed and breakfast , his fingers would n't leave the damn thing alone .
chapter twenty - three sasha boarded the jet , flinging the painting of poppy holland in the nearest chair and hoping like hell he 'd damaged the thing .
of course , vladimir wanted to tear the thing down because it blocked his view of the thames .
he did n't pay for a darn thing . ''
sure google is easier , but there 's something about holding the real thing in your hands .
lifting her glass to kate , she copied her , and then drank the entire thing .
i do n't want to wear the wrong thing , but this dress is- '' kate made a noise of dismissal .
the poor thing .
not dye my hair , drink the wrong thing ...
` ` and what would you do with me , if i wore such a thing ? ''
` ` i ' m not wearing a bloody damn thing . ''
` ` good thing he did n't come in earlier , or he would have gotten a show , '' she said as she gathered her things .
if you just email the letter to me first thing in the morning , i 'll hand it in . ''
` ` could n't get a thing out of walter . ''
hell , she 'd practically been running the damn thing on her own since j.d .
had n't changed a damn thing .
she knew it would n't do any good , but still , she grabbed the door handle and twisted it hard before shaking it , as if she could somehow convince the damn thing to open for her .
one morning i deal with cooper first thing and the next , it 's jacob 's turn .
` ` ugliest , most seductive thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` cause i never bring a date to these things and you 're easily the most stunning woman in this place . ''
you never leave anywhere without eating first thing in the morning ... '' i trailed off .
am i going to be on that thing ?
i ' m just your little play thing on the side until you get married .
` ` baby , do you know if you hold that thing closer , it would make your boobs pop - out right ? ''
this is over my head but underneath my feet cause by tomorrow morning i 'll have this thing beat and everything will be back to the way that it was i wish that it was just that easy my eyes landed back on sienna .
i was shocked to find all of my things were still in the same place i left them .
that thing kept vibrating the entire time during class .
the poor thing was so heartbroken anyone could see it every time he looked at her .
` ` i ' m sorry to cut our vacation short , poppet , however we have to get back to london first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` after the last delivery you got in mayfair the last time , mr . knightly ordered me to check every single thing before handing them to you .
i suppose you could just stand right here and promise not to touch a thing . ''
` ` you were always such a sexy thing .
after bidding them a safe farewell , it was only then that i breathed out a sigh of relief , knowing that i would be flying out first thing in the morning , hoping not to see him any longer .
even if she was old and wrinkly , i 'd still think she was the prettiest thing i 'd ever seen ... but her hair ... her hair was one of the things i liked about her .
i 'll leave first thing in the morning if that helps you decide to let me stay for a few hours . ''
just in the nick of time , i also found kyle matthews 's eyes admiring the same thing i had been .
after dinner , lucy and toby did n't stay long since the two had important business to take care of first thing in the morning .
` ` why would you purchase such a thing ? ''
` ` if this thing compromises the third floor , i ' m pulling the plug . ''
` ` we ' ve been bleeding money left and right since we bought this thing last year .
he was used to ferocious , but he had no idea what to do with this small bouncy thing .
` ` you should ' ve seen me testing this thing .
she 'd found the thing she could appeal to and manipulate to free herself from his grasp , and his gun , to avoid abduction .
i ca n't wear the same thing twice .
there 's a floatation thing under your seat , though . ''
you own this thing now ? ''
not a thing to use as a viable distraction - except the inner cabin .
he took forever to clasp the damn thing .
and what if the best out there could n't do a thing for tasha ?
it and the new bench at the foot of the statues were the newest things in the garden .
' i saw just the thing for you .
just a thing .
she hurled after him , stunned by his decision to leave her now and to return first thing in the morning for zoe .
shut the damned thing off . '
i wo n't be home tonight , but i 'll be there first thing in the morning . '
' he wanted a whore that he could pretend was a virgin , but when he found he had the real thing in his bed he freaked out and ran away .
he presses it and the thing inside me starts vibrating .
the expensive brocade curtains lie in shreds , every breakable thing accuses me in shattered silence and my beautiful nails are torn and bleeding .
three of my beds could fit into that massive thing .
it is a cheap thing , a little tarnished , but the hairdresser is clever , fills it with tiny babies breath so it looks romantic and dreamy .
this is the thing that ancients use for sex magick .
vann has done what he set out to do - beauty is no longer a frivolous thing , a pretty postcard or a chocolate tin monet painting .
' because , my little puss in boots , ' he says very softly , sliding my knickers down my legs and dangling the little red thing , ' i saw this ... ' and clearly i see the wet patch in the gusset .
the poor thing looked drenched and confused .
i took him inside and he was hungry , poor thing .
if she turned the damn thing on , she might never leave .
` ` gina ... '' he flipped open the check folder , tucked a credit card into the pocket , then closed the whole thing and set it on the edge of the table .
this time , he 'd stay on the phone until the damn thing became attached to his ear if he had to .
moonlight flooded this room as well , and the night - light that had been left burning was a magical thing that threw patches of stars onto the ceiling .
seeing mia 's smile first thing in the morning was a bigger jolt to his system than his usual cup of coffee .
he hated needing the damn thing .
damn thing was near useless .
he 'd done most of the art work months ago and the programmers had coded the damn thing .
` ` i suppose this thing 's a huge hit with the party crowd . ''
when he slid the straps down her arms to let the damn thing fall on the floor , he filled his hands with her br**sts and ivy groaned aloud .
` ` do n't know how the damn thing got that high , but king scrambled up that old oak like a monkey . ''
` ` i thought i could lean far enough over the bridge to snag that damned thing .
but he had n't come up with a thing .
` ` the only thing i want to buy you is a ring , ivy .
` ` this thing 's got ta be thirty years old . ''
it took everything he had to budge the damn thing and it did n't go easy , fighting him every inch of the way .
` ` it looks ridiculous , '' lucas said , wondering what kind of person would have so little pride they 'd be willing to drive the thing .
` ` all i ' m saying is taking your anger out on rose wo n't do a damn thing to settle up with dave . ''
you do n't have to do a damn thing you do n't want to - beyond sharing custody , of course . ''
a reluctant smile curved his mouth as he looked at the ridiculous thing .
but did they have to seal the damn thing as if it contained the nuclear codes for armageddon ?
in exchange , rose had forced him to watch the damn thing with her .
damn thing was so short for him , the backs of his knees had permanent dents from hanging over the arm for hours at a stretch .
` ` they go for fiberglass or some damn thing . ''
not an easy thing to turn off , and he was n't sure he would even if he could .
` ` he 's building a golf course and apparently threatening the home ground of the three - legged - gnat - catcher - water - beast - frog or some damn thing .
first thing in the morning , though , the plan changed .
it was supposed to look irish , but garrett had seen the real thing not long ago when he did a job for his cousin jefferson .
start pulling kara out of the past and using her as a shield or some damn thing .
as he took one step up , the whole thing swayed and he looked down at her in amazement .
` ` you actually stand on this thing ?
when he was working , the damn thing was ringing all the time .
if he had n't , he might have been tempted to throw the damn thing across the room .
one look at you in this thing and the guy in question runs for the hills . ''
it was the ugliest thing he 'd ever seen and he blessed her for having it .
she could n't think of a thing to keep her from wanting him .
` ` pretty thing , '' sam mused .
he could hardly take a step without watching first where he set his boot , afraid he 'd crush the damn thing .
` ` damn , this thing weighs a ton .
there are trunks of things belonging to the former owners .
it was just as i expected -all of us were quite carried away with the spirit of the day and have worn the sort of thing that was in style in our youth . ''
` ` i - i ' m not certain i could send it , even if it were true , '' whitney said with a shudder , shoving the hateful thing in a box of unused stationery to prevent its discovery by a servant .
6 sheridan had been excited about meeting her only other living relative , but she 'd felt out of place in aunt cornelia 's small , stuffy house and terrified she was going to break one of the fragile knickknacks or soil the lacy handkerchief - looking things that seemed to be on every available surface .
the servants would n't share his liberal view , of course , and he made a mental note to remedy her apparel problem first thing in the morning .
beneath lowered lids , he gazed at her profile as she delicately traced something onto his sensitized palm , then traced the same thing again .
the gown had no fasteners beneath the bodice ; the whole thing was open .
` ` yes , but only if you 'll let me drive this thing . ''
i usually bring it up to him just before his alarm goes off , which is '' -she glanced up at the kitchen clock , a plastic thing shaped like a teakettle- '' in ten minutes . ''
fighting to keep her face straight , she announced , ` ` i ' m planning to add a few more rows to what i ' ve already crocheted - so it will be wider - then i ' m going to starch the whole thing , and you can use it to fence your property ! ''
` ` you ... made that long ropy thing into a sweater ?
` ` that long ropy thing was only a practice project .
` ` i knew it - i suppose it will never wear out , which is why whoever bought this thing two hundred years ago had it made out of that . ''
` ` if i were going to marry this gorgeous young woman , the natural thing would be to give her any little thing she wants instead of tying up her assets ! ''
straightening , meredith surveyed the peculiar cap - and - tubing arrangement , then she tried to pull the threaded cap loose from the tube , but the manufacturer had , for some unknown reason , made the whole thing as one piece .
and because you are , you would n't do a damned thing to hurt her by prosecuting her father . ''
` ` i was n't in a rational frame of mind when i received a copy of the damned thing , but as i recall , it was desertion and mental cruelty .
he had done it on dominic 's assurance that his uncle was ` ` an honorable man , '' but he had no actual way of knowing for a few more hours if the money he 'd instructed matt farrell to transfer into sandini 's swiss bank account was actually buying him a thing .
` ` but may i be allowed to vanish from view now and then - just to gather up branches and things i need ? ''
` ` thanks , '' julie said , so filled with purpose now that she was completely devoid of nervousness and already mentally reviewing her wardrobe for the best thing to wear .
` ` katherine tells me you 're leaving for pennsylvania to play goodwill ambassador or some damned thing for zack benedict .
she picked up her pen , her ears attuned to an announcement of a news update , and began to write again : carl , i 'd like you and sara to have all my household things that you can use for your new place .
that thing would n't have kept a kid out of this house if they wanted inside .
i lust after that thing every time i see one on a runway .
` ` are you planning to try to dump that thing down my back ? ''
` ` she 's been a sad lady these last days , poor thing , '' mrs . craddock said , still looking a little worried .
a large church affair will be just the thing .
fencing would be the perfect thing to help the time before her interview with jordan pass more quickly .
the only money she had was from the last quarterly allowance tony had given her , but that would n't be enough to rent a cottage , buy wood for the winter , and purchase the things she and filbert and penrose would require until they could get a vegetable garden started .
the only thing of value she owned was her grandfather 's watch .
her eyes blazed with blue fire as she stared at the evil thing , while she actually longed to do bodily injury to the nameless tutor who had used it .
` ` i keep imagining things - earlier today i actually thought i saw a man up in one of the trees over there .
the thing 's going to cost a bloody fortune , but it 'll be worth it . ''
` ` the way you have - sneaking up on it in its own little watery home , tricking it by covering up your hook with that poor fuzzy thing , and then jerking the poor fish away from its family and tossing it on the bank to die .
the second floor is the worst thing i ' ve seen so far .
i know i should be nervous that someone just caught me looking at a photo of myself - if he got a good look at the picture , right here next to the real thing , he might recognize me - but i ca n't bring myself to care .
other days i just get angry and want to watch the entire thing burn down around their ears .
i swear , this thing weighs more than my border collie . ''
i ' ve finally made the decision to pack my things and leave this place .
if that was the case she would spend her day sightseeing and leave first thing in the morning .
for some untold reason , he regretted having to use the thing .
either you do it , or i ' m ripping the damn thing off . ''
the name discovery was painted on the side of the shuttle and was an exact replica of the photos she 'd seen of the real thing .
she could n't even imagine how many karats the thing was .
long spans of solitude were not his thing .
it made sense that in a place like this everything would be kept in working order , but things did break .
how could the thing be stuck ?
the thing had more buttons and switches than the inside of her car .
a can of soup and a cheese sandwich sounded like just the thing .
he did n't want the damn thing back .
i ' m sorry to call at this hour , but i have a job for you that must be done first thing in the morning .
he pops the trunk and puts my things inside the sporty , and very expensive , black convertible .
the piano is n't the only thing he hopes will get some action .
` ` i ca n't leave tonight because i have nowhere to go , but i 'll be gone first thing in the morning , before he comes back . ''
i pull my luggage into the kitchen and park it by the door for my departure first thing in the morning .
i decide to shower tonight so there 's no delay in getting away from this place first thing in the morning .
i want to be a total caveman and slam the thing against the wall so laurelyn 's mother can never call her on it again , but i ca n't .
i search through my sleepwear , if that 's what we 're calling it , and choose the least desirable thing i packed , but who am i kidding ?
she points to a phalange - looking probe thing .
that 's what she usually does when i ' m inappropriate - but she loved every filthy thing i did to her .
` ` same ol ' thing as always .
it was probably while on the road with the band since that was the only thing available for a pick - me - up .
` ` so when people see us together ten years from now , they 'll think i ' m some sweet young thing on the arm of my sugar daddy ? ''
` ` you say that now but what will your feelings be if you end up with a bun in the oven because i ripped that thing off your arse ? ''
she 's exhausted because she 's been at this for a while , and it 's quite early , so the poor thing is worn out . ''
my cock immediately rises to tent the only thing i ' m still wearing - my boxer briefs .
` ` i know how i look in this thing .
she finally located her voice and croaked , ` ` what 's this thing ?
` ` in answer to your earlier question , '' he drawled , ` ` this chopper is the next best thing to a real flying hospital - it can land in mejbel where there 's no landing strip .
she withdrew her hand , let it fall , a useless , lifeless thing by her side .
she lashed out in a last desperate attempt with the most vicious thing she could think of .
she always needed to see him first thing in the morning , but today , the need was a gnawing urgency .
she 'd call him first thing in the morning .
then he threw the thing aside , scooped her up and rushed to the shade of the upper sitting area , placing her on a couch on her side so it would n't chafe against her injury before tearing open a first - aid kit and rummaging through it for a tube , his movements slowing down and gentling only after he produced gel from it and carefully applied it to the sting .
why would he have such a thing ?
` ` i like the way you look first thing in the morning . ''
maybe you should talk to them ; they 're the ones making me mad enough to throw the thing half the time . ''
when i was living from place to place after college i needed supplies i could rely on , things that would n't break down .
i ' ve got just the thing .
` ` i ' ve got just the thing , '' darryl said , reaching below the display case .
the way we shot out as soon as i had put my life vest on and sat down next to vincent told me handling this thing was n't a job for amateurs .
if he still loved her but could n't be with her , it would hurt to look at that thing every time he had his shirt off .
if it does n't make the lives of the people i love better , i might as well sell the damn thing . ''
damn thing must ' ve been resistant to the cold .
it 's stupid but it 's the only thing i know that helps ...
with his brow raised skeptically , he caught the hoodie with one hand and carefully put it on while maintaining his position ; the hoodie was the only thing he was wearing .
mchenry could have fun getting that thing out .
` ` highest score i ever seen on that thing .
the thing looked even older than the one in bigg 's .
i need practice with this thing if i ' m going to be stuck in a wheelchair for a while . ''
the only modern thing on him was his an expensive pair of stax headphones slung around his neck .
how does that thing even fit under bridges ?
` ` oh , i was n't , '' i said hurriedly , hoping she did n't think i had a thing for jax .
jax reached behind him and grabbed a brown rectangle thing from a shelf .
i cried , pointing at the snake , ` ` that thing is poisonous ! ''
stop shining that thing in my goddamn face , will you ? ''
` ` how do i get games on this thing ? ''
` ` careful with that thing or you 'll summon the stay - puft marshmallow man . ''
` ` and you 'll teach us how to use that thing ? ''
` ` i told you that thing was a ghost detector .
chapter nine nightfall after our visit to telegraph hill , jax and i grabbed bacon - wrapped hot dogs from a street vendor for dinner before we met up with the band again - and even though he tried to back out on our deal and pay for the whole thing himself , i stuck to my guns .
it was n't that unusual to have patrons mouth the damn things without lighting them - helped with that oral fixation thing that so many people had - but the actual smoking of cigars was not allowed in the club .
so i dumped the whole thing , vase and all , into the trash next to the desk and tried to forget about it .
i had n't even managed to finish off more than a glass of moscato - norma 's favorite and the only thing in the apartment , though way too sweet for my tastes - before i 'd sunk my head into my pillow and let the void swallow me whole .
` ` you 're the most goddamned sexy thing i ' ve seen in years , gwen , '' he said at my ear .
since small talk was not my thing , i cut her off before she did .
` ` not the most beautiful thing i ' ve seen all day , but still pretty breathtaking . ''
then i ' m sending her off to a spa in estes park first thing tomorrow morning . ''
` ` ah , this old thing ? ''
she reached for her oversized bag , but the strap caught on her seatbelt latch and the whole thing tumbled forward , the contents spilling on the car floor .
i knocked over my purse in the car and my handcuffs must have fallen out and my assistant is clear out in bel air picking up my birth control and she wo n't be back in time for the meet and greet , even if i manage to go last and i was desperate so i came in here to look for something i could use and this was the first thing i found . ''
he was the reason i 'd worn the damn thing .
my own hands fumbled with his shirt buttons , images of me ripping the damn thing off filling my mind .
obviously i had n't counted on holding hudson 's hand all day when i 'd put the dang thing around my wrist .
i have a meeting first thing in the morning .
this time saying he was coming to see me first thing the next day .
the stone house was breathtaking and extravagant , the kind of thing i 'd only seen in movies .
she knew i had n't told him about our conversation - if i had , hudson and i would have likely been out the door first thing that morning .
next thing i knew , i was on the floor , hudson hovering over me as he tore at my thong , ripping the flimsy thing off of me .
here 's the thing .
things clicked into place .
it took a second longer than it should have for me to click things into place .
` ` maybe he 's not a great replacement , but he 's the closest thing i have .
things were starting to fall in place , but not enough of them .
i ' m destroying the damn thing like he asked and then no more .
` ` you keep checking that thing .
things were clicking in place .
so i plugged it in and holy jesus , laynie , that thing was filled with texts . ''
if so , hudson had surely memorized the thing .
it 's a small thing and unfortunately everyone in the room has it as well .
around midnight , the werners said goodbye , promising they 'd return first thing in the morning .
it boggled my mind that this morning when he had gone through his closet that had jumped out at him as the most appropriate thing to wear to court .
i mean guys pee out of that thing ! ''
i swear that thing 's got to be almost ten inches . ''
why could n't i make out the numbers on this damned thing ?
i 'll stop and pick up some things and then i 'll spend the night at your place . ''
` ` ugh , this thing is gross .
` ` i hope you 're going to throw that thing out .
the male ego is a fragile thing . ''
` ` caitlin , although i know something about art , i do n't think ... '' ` ` beth , he left it to me , and it would be the only thing i would have of my own that would be of any real value . ''
i thought i turned the silly thing off , '' lexi apologized as she reached into her purse and silenced the small , silver phone , glancing at the number of the caller .
beside the monitor was a phone that looked like it could possibly launch the space shuttle with all the buttons on the thing .
this must be on you twenty - four seven from this day forward , and i encourage you to find a ringtone you like , because that damn thing can ring nonstop on days when we 're getting ready for a big presentation around here . ''
sorry we had to keep it an extra day , but parts for that thing are a real bitch to find sometimes . ''
can you drive this thing or what ?
` ` hope put so much horsepower in this thing it would eat your car for breakfast . ''
that thing is full of ice .
a month later , she was packing her things and heading across the country , terrified , but exhilarated to begin this adventure .
the only thing offered was a prix fixe menu and it was much more than i was used to spending for dinner .
i had arrived too late to visit sean at the hospital after my flight landed but i went there first thing in the morning on sunday .
when i got back to the apartment , there was a tall - okay , it was about four feet tall - thing wrapped in paper .
after paying him what i owed , i got out of the cab and walked the rest of the way until i was standing in front of the one thing i ' ve always dreamed of seeing .
i did n't even know why i kept the damn thing .
at least here i can scream and yell and maybe throw a thing or two at him . ''
` ` ian , turn that damn thing off ! ''
` ` are you going to drive this thing ? ''
the only thing i had to wear was my evening gown from the night before , so i found jack 's tuxedo shirt from the night before and put it on .
` ` you really know how to work that thing ? ''
i threw the closest thing to my reach at her that would n't leave a permanent scar , jack 's sweatshirt that had been sitting next to me .
it was n't letting us go over forty the last hour , but now the damn thing is shaking and maxing out at twenty .
` ` ah , phoebe , i ' m having my head measured first thing in the morning . ''
in fact , i wo n't sign a thing if that 's your motive .
you actually live with that thing you call a brain inside your head ? ''
and will you peel that thing off your face , already ? ''
` ` you mean this tiny thing is mine ? ''
once she unfolded the thing , it sprang into existence with very little adjustment .
` ` so , the reason i said those things - which , by the way , made me so sick that i have n't been able to put a thing in my mouth since - is i got a phone call , someone telling me they know who you are , what you mean to me , and if i do n't back off , they 'll harm you .
he produced a sacklike thing , draped it over the jittery dahabeyah 's muzzle and eyes before securing it over her neck , which the mare surprisingly accepted .
'cause here 's the thing .
in the name of her quest for peace of mind , she should delete the damn thing .
` ` kamal said you need everything since you left new york without packing a thing . ''
` ` why bet on a sure thing ?
the secrecy , considering what his mother would have done to lujayn and her whole family had she suspected a thing , had been a no - brainer .
but doc vergas convinced him to let her do it using the one thing she figured would get through to him . ''
` ` since i am the closest thing amjad has to a sister , and i happen to be the only available female aal shalaan , anyway , you had no choice but to marry me . ''
i also need a face - your face - as a promotional tool to put on beer coasters , billboards , that kind of thing . ''
it must hurt like hell , poor thing .
` ` you should give the poor thing a name , '' matt whispered as the vet felt around the cat 's abdomen and peered into her eyes with a slim mini - flashlight .
she 's such a pretty thing .
i would book you in first thing in the morning , but looking at the weather forecast , there 's no guarantee that any of us will make it out here too easily . ''
` ` that thing is so tiny i guess you ca n't fit much more than a handful of cards in there anyway . ''
he knew he should have thrown it away , but it was the only thing he had left of his former life with leck , and the one thing he could n't seem to part with no matter how hard he tried .
` ` you should strap that big ugly thing down with duct tape , then , '' luis said , without looking back .
he knew donny had a thing about ankle bracelets and kinky things .
the only thing he did n't remove was luis 's expensive watch ; the heavy , garish watch made gage 's stomach turn .
these handcuffs were the real thing , given to gage as a gift from his cop boyfriend , donny vitelli .
that looks like a very expensive shirt , and mine is just an old plaid thing i should have thrown out a long time ago . ''
let 's just park this big thing , set up , and go to bed .
beth anne had to sit way in the back , with the things luis had purchased that day in amish country , and she was n't too thrilled about it .
` ` when i was reading about pennsylvania dutch country on the internet , when jase first told me we were coming here , i checked a few things out and stumbled across a website that mentioned the compound .
but she nodded and lifted the square flat thing she was holding in her hands .
` ` you 're cute , but you 're a skinny little thing . ''
i feel like i just corrupted you , you poor little innocent thing .
and he laughed at the thought of downloading music from a computer to a tiny little thing as big as a credit card .
this fur thing barely covers me . ''
i have grown to hate that damned thing as month after month , there is only one freaking pink line . ''
it will be good for the thing to get some use . ''
` ` give me that thing .
just the type of thing to reassure a man that he can work things out with his woman .
i should have picked those pills off it and taken the damn thing with me .
you could ride with me , i guess , on the back , but i want to steer the thing .
at this point , it 's the only thing i can have that will make my eyes roll back in my head . ''
` ` honey , you just grab that thing again tonight and do n't let go .
of course , from the huge amount of oversharing i get from emma on a daily basis about her and brant , the poor thing probably walked in on them having sex on brant 's desk . ''
the only reason i kept the damn thing and passed it along to mac was that i was afraid he would try to contact you in another way when he did n't receive a reply .
chapter 5 ` ` i found something tying pembry with the rutledges , '' i told lei first thing friday morning , following her into her office as she arrived for the day .
how will you get that thing aboard ?
he twisted the crown right at my soaked opening , as if he were screwing the huge thing into me .
you 're the freshest thing in this place . ''
` ` you 're a tiny little thing , but when you 're slippery like this , i ' m quite sure you could easily take those three fingers . ''
i shoved the frame back in the mailing envelope and hid the entire thing in my purse .
with that tiny thing you 'll never be half the man your mother is . ''
` ` and here i thought you were this little innocent little thing and i was the great corruptor . ''
` ` this blasted thing .
the bone marrow foam turned out to be delicious instead of disgusting ( as i 'd feared ) , and the riesling paired with the creme brulee was the best thing i 'd had in years .
i could n't diminish it by getting some stupid thing on me . ''
darren 's laptop was on the kitchen table , set to some protunes thing he probably had n't gotten a chance to touch in the middle of taking care of gabby .
i 'd just ripped up the whole thing and put in new press - on vinyl tiles .
` ` i took the glass from the rack and got water from the little thing in the fridge door .
the trompe l'oeil thing on the side looked like geraldine stark , one of his contemporaries .
i pulled out his cock , the gorgeous thing , and licked the tip .
she snapped open the top drawer of her desk , pulled out a jeweler 's glass , and used it to inspect the diamond , which to me , looked like the hugest , most sparkly thing ever dug from the earth .
` ` the thing .
` ` adam 's going to pick up your thing .
that thing was going back in the box and getting sent back to his doorstep .
then i played the thing with all my anger and sorrow , flicking my fingers into the air to create notes of apology in measures of longing and grief .
` ` when does that birth control thing kick in ? ''
he sped up , dropping onto me , a splayed thing , open , bound , servile , utterly compliant mass of nerve endings and clutching , wet flesh .
i 'd have to admit i bought the thing behind her back , and she would n't think well of it .
` ` well , '' i said as i clopped down the porch stairs in my heels , ` ` is this new or is it some old thing you found in the back of the garage ? ''
when he pulled his pants off , it popped out , that wonderful thing .
the thing in the parking lot ? ''
she 'd be even less likely to gripe since her name would be on the thing already .
i should never have made the thing , never written it down , never set it to gabby 's music .
jessica looked down at her own drink , a half empty clearish - brownish thing with soda and lime .
but i could n't recall the single decision i 'd made that had yanked me from my world and into that place , high above the city , where i knew no one , had no connection to the things i 'd spent years building , and had no influence on decisions made about my life .
i held the humungous thing in one hand and a soda , which was also too big , in the other .
` ` this thing we have- '' ` ` you , '' i said .
even without lapd hanging over the thing and the paper trail back to a loan shark .
` ` i ' ve cleaned blood off that thing twice already , '' donna maria said .
i chose the one thing i 'd need : a small handgun , built for a woman 's hand but large enough to stop a man .
the thing went off when he unlocked it .
they wo n't fix that thing until an earthquake flattens it , and it 's already survived two . ''
` ` i have to put this thing by the stairs , back there , to keep them from coming down .
the ship is the only thing i see here that 's actually beautiful .
her skin is a deep tan , her thick hair such a perfect black that it almost has a bluish gleam , and her brilliantly embroidered skirt and shawl are n't the kind of thing i ' ve ever seen anyone in england wear .
using an iron is no fun - heating the heavy , cast - iron thing at a fire or stove , covering the handle with a damp cloth to try and keep from burning your palm , going over and over the wrinkles five or ten or twenty times each to finally get them out .
and then , a few months ago , lady regina decided this dress , the lacy one now in my hands , was n't the sort of thing she wanted her daughter to be seen in .
most days , i just pull it up under my linen cap , because with that thing on my head , there 's no point in doing much else .
the clock was ticking down on her five minutes -- and cole would surely buy the most shocking thing he could find if he had to come in after her .
he 'd wanted her for so long that he could practically taste her ; knew she 'd be the sweetest thing he 'd ever had on his tongue .
her father never took on long shots ; every last one of his clients was a sure thing .
she kicked off her heels and let him lay herback on the bed , let him look at her like she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen.sweet lord , his chest was a masterpiece .
maybe a kiss was just the thing to break the sensual flight pattern they were in .
the little red lacy thing she was wearing gave the impression of being seethrough .
` ` you 're wearing my favorite thing of all , '' he murmured as he slid the lace over her br**sts , exposing her bare flesh all the way to her rib cage .
she spun away and reached for the first thing in her closet .
the panties were the only thing that really gave her pause , the word ` ` lake '' on one cheek , ` ` tahoe '' on the other , capped off with a big heart over the crotch .
` ` i ' m surprised that thing has n't given you a hernia yet . ''
` ` his wife probably staged the explosion to get rid of the damn thing , '' he said through clenched teeth .
she was a skinny little thing and he was n't exactly sure how old she was , but he guessed she was n't quite in the double digits yet .
she 'd thought the outfit was pretty cute , but she 'd been wearing different versions of the same thing for so long , it felt strange to put on something completely different .
` ` if you have n't figured out by now , you ca n't do a damn thing to me , '' he said .
the whole thing , not just the opening credits .
` ` i think that 's why i like you so much , you 're the furthest thing from a gold digger i ' ve met in new york . ''
his report told me you were the furthest thing from a gold digger he 'd seen . ''
i just saw your bra thing under your top , '' he gestured to the strap of her beaded bra , ` ` and assumed you were here because one of the guys hired you . ''
` ` i could definitely work with that , as long as that 's the only thing you 'll be wearing in our kitchen .
when she spotted him , she did a little spin , showing him the only thing she wore underneath was a tiny red thong and matching bra .
mike shoved it into his own bag , not wanting to touch the damn thing right now .
he did n't owe her a damn thing , least of all his complete attention .
maybe he should have followed his instincts and ignored the damn thing .
they had months until this thing needed to be ready .
why was the thing so damn tight ?
` ` i ' m wearing the exact same thing i had on at lunch . ''
she cringed and dropped the useless thing on the floor .
the condensation on the sides almost froze his palms , and he had to stop himself from rubbing the damned thing all over his body .
she was tempted to guzzle the whole damned thing .
she handed him a condom before going onto her back again and he slapped the thing on so fast it was a miracle he did n't just burst right on out the other end .
he had met a woman he was seriously attracted to , had spent the night and morning doing all manner of delicious things with her , and now he was about to do his second - favorite thing in the whole world - drive his race car .
she said brightly , wearing a green sundress and sandals , her blond hair up in some kind of twist or bun thing .
he was going to throw the damn thing off a bridge if it did n't stop making that noise when he got a text .
and funny how he told her to use his shirt , yet he never let her touch the thing .
` ` are you sure you want me to buy this thing for you ?
and according to locker room gossip , a sure thing . ''
it was n't even a diamond , the thing was yellow .
but intellectually she knew no one was handed a damn thing in this sport .
it was a stretchy red thing , worn with black tights and heels that made her calves look amazing .
the whole thing was so cheesy .
and i was a horny thing , too .
but he actually ate it , pulling the whole thing into his mouth .
that thing was too tight . ''
if that thing gave , he was going to see her bra .
she won two more times , tossing a stuffed penguin to a little boy , then keeping the other white thing for herself .
` ` how did you know it was n't the real thing ? ''
plus it was an inside joke between them that she 'd popped her button and this thing would cause her whole blouse to burst .
it took a couple more minutes and guarantees from her father that the postnuptial agreement would be on her desk first thing monday morning before she could get off the phone .
i say you tear the thing up and give it to nolan so he knows you know he 's not after your money . ''
she asked , eyebrows shooting up as she froze with her arms above her head , tightening her hair thing .
` ` baby , i hope we do n't need to be anywhere first thing tomorrow because i ' m not ready for sleeping yet .
` ` and as pretty as your hair looks , maybe you should loosen that knot thing it 's in .
i have to aim this thing right for brickman . ''
` ` why does this damn thing only give me one cup of coffee at a time ?
she looked like a hot fudge sundae in her bikini , even with that wrap thing on over it .
when he went for a condom , he yanked the pull on the drawer of the nightstand so hard the whole thing flew out and landed on the floor .
he let trey 's c**k slip free , the thing so exhausted he could n't even mind .
afterwards , he 'd admitted the thing was hot , but only to himself .
she read the thing three times at the kitchen table to make sure she was n't overlooking a hidden catch .
i told them to enjoy the weekend , and i 'd see them first thing monday . ''
` ` oh you poor thing , '' trey mocked , making smooth passes around her calves .
the thing was a reproduction of old - style pharmacy storage .
feeling sick , he turned the thing over in his palm .
it was even fancier than the silver slip thing he 'd bought for her .
or play poor misled thing to anyone who 'll listen . ''
trey , give her the thing . ''
bryan did n't see how it happened , but somehow alex caught the sole of his shoe on the gas pedal , and the thing peeled off like the top of a sardine can .
my larder is bare , and that 's the only thing that 's open this time of night . ''
he 'd seen street performers blow this kind of thing at fairs , but he 'd never felt like he wanted to get away from them .
she tapped her pouting lips with it , drawing bryan 's eyes to the thing as surely as alex 's .
zoe had lubed it , but - by all that was magic - the thing was big .
` ` show me that tongue thing , '' bryan demanded , trying to master a flutter zoe had used to bring his spine off the bed .
he took his c**k in hand , the thing standing so high he had to tilt it down for the right angle .
love it because the only thing that 's turned me on in at least two years is battery - operated .
open the door before i kick the f**king thing down . ''
if not , the personal shopper my mother uses here is coming with the hair stylist with a trunk full of ( hopefully ) lacy things .
it 's cheek slapping or head knocking , and the closest thing i have to hit myself with is a saucepan .
the only damn thing and you could n't even do that . ''
they 'll match that red thing you bought . ''
you 'll take a late flight so you can get to work first thing in the morning . ''
before they parted for the evening , olivia informed her she 'd be picking her up first thing in the morning for part two of their excursion .
` ` i 'll handle it first thing tomorrow morning .
she settled into the oversized couch , the one thing along with the massive television he 'd moved from his old house .
when i forced myself to breathe deeply , the familiar burning in my chest returned , and i realized i 'd walked away without the one thing i never left home without , and it was n't my license .
i 'll have the spare room taken care of first thing in the morning .
other women provided me with the same thing .
i 'll see if joely can bring me back to miami first thing in the morning . ''
` ` now , mitchell , put that thing down and let 's get busy .
` ` i have an extra garage remote in the kitchen drawer , if i can find the damn thing . ''
can you imagine if i walk away and somebody else sits down and this thing spits out millions ? ''
` ` do you really think you 're going to have this thing on long enough to consider it any more than a quick modeling opportunity ? ''
` ` before that it was the foster - care shuffle and nobody bought her a damn thing unless she absolutely needed it . ''
` ` care to explain that , that thing ? ''
` ` at the very least , we 're one step ahead of your uncle , so we can get on this first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i click on the compass - looking thing and it brings up the internet .
first thing in the morning , he 'd call in some favors .
i thought for sure the hard drive had been wiped clean or the whole thing taken apart piece by piece and sold for scrap . ''
i ' m also updating your virus software and installing some other free programs to keep this thing running well . ''
she barely knows how to use it when i ' m around , yet she 's always on the thing .
but a quick check told her the darn thing was still running the defrag program , so she could n't work there .
ricky might have kept things like a hoarder , but the two items they 'd come looking for , those he 'd hidden in a safe place .
the damn thing is n't worth more than a washer . ''
he 'd called lexie 's cell a few times in between , only to realize that she 'd probably forgotten to charge the damn thing .
` ` you could have the same thing , you know , '' coop said .
he appreciated the chance to wake up and see angel first thing in the morning .
` ` you seem fascinated by this thing .
` ` cynthia will be here first thing in the morning to clean .
then first thing tomorrow , she 'd head to the bookstore or library for a how - to book on raising teenage hellions .
she held the thing close to her lips and emitted a high - pitched squeak that had the room cringing and groaning loud .
kendall waited , hoping rick would n't decide to call her first thing this morning .
` ` the tree house came with the property , and when your mother was late for dinner , your grandfather would threaten to cut the thing down . ''
` ` i do n't want a thing , '' she said , popping a cube of cheese into her mouth .
it was adorable , but not the kind of thing you could wear under clothes , because of the ruffles .
poor thing had an irate caller who had somehow gotten through the switchboard .
` ` when was the last time you tuned this thing ? ''
i 'd never seen her wear such a thing .
` ` no , you wo n't have to change diapers because both girls can use this awesome thing called a toilet .
let me rewind a little for you ... dad called me on the phone first thing on monday morning , and he did n't sound happy .
` ` safety first , '' i said , squeezing his balls a little as he tried to rip the thing open .
seriously , we could put on the same thing and she would look like she was ready to stroll the runway or be in a magazine and i would look like a homeless person .
see , here 's the thing .
` ` as much as i love this pretty thing you 're wearing , i ' m more fond of what 's under it , '' he said starting to unhook the bustier .
he carried the entire thing in , along with some forks and we ate it on my bed and he smeared me with frosting and i smeared him and we kissed and licked it off each other .
how i loved that thing and what he could do with it .
i found a garbage bag and tossed the thing in it and lucah and i made a trip down to the dumpster .
i took one whiff of the thing and decided to pass .
but you 'd better drink that entire thing .
` ` it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen , and this is just the mock up .
i knew what he looked like when he woke up first thing in the morning .
there 's not a single thing out of place .
it 's the softest thing ever . ''
` ` that 's the thing ... '' ` ` there 's a thing ? ''
luke said she knew what day you walked bronty so - '' ` ` maybe you 're right and i ' m being tailed by anita the vengeful but , in that case , wo n't i need my car so i can ram the thing into her ? ''
his mouth went dry at the sight of her in that thin , white thing that was all lace and silk .
not only are you supposed to be helping me get everything ready , but i ' ve asked you time and time again not to put her on that thing if you 're going to go all kamikaze ! ''
if i could just strangle this thing in my hand , i ' m certain i would feel much less desire to cause this woman bodily harm .
they used to run a jewelry business out of the bottom floor and lived above , but now the entire thing is vacant .
with the right things in place , maybe i can end the evening with a new job and a new boyfriend .
edward closes the drawers he had open and leaves the room with two things he found , sliding them into his pocket .
` ` shutting that down ... hmmmm , hmmm , hmmm ... erasing that little thing ... hmmm , hmmm ... never gon na access that again , you crazy beeyotch ... hmmm , hmmm , hmmm - hmmm ... and we 'll just move that over there and that over there ... '' ` ` shall i leave you to it , then ? ''
i ' m the one in the office first thing every day and out of it last thing every evening .
` ` give me that f**king thing , '' william growls , pulling the ear bud out of the guy 's ear .
that crumpled paper is the only thing marring the perfect harmony that is my office .
it 's like this thing was made specifically for me .
if she knew about a weapon i could use , i needed to get my hands on it before this match with malena , and in enough time that i could learn how to use the damn thing .
put the contents in , but only when i tell you to , '' she said , gesturing towards the thing she 'd taken out of the other room .
` ` no , you fool , the thing in the box ! ''
instead , he came directly at my face , his eyes going wide and his little hands out in front of him to grab for the nearest thing they could find .
i was pretty sure this was a place his parents would n't want him to go , but thinking if he were already here , he 'd be better off with me than flying around and banging into things in the dark .
i did as he instructed , finding a metal thing behind some leaves .
` ` be careful with that thing !
why would you offer such a thing ? ''
willy was sitting cross - legged on his parents ' bed , rolling a little yellow tennis - ball - looking thing on the covers in front of him .
his head seemed to be the only thing that was able to move .
` ` i ' m not even sure how much vampire butt i ' m capable of frying with this thing , '' i mumbled , pulling blackie out of its sheath and holding it in front of me .
i narrowed my eyes at the side of his head , the only thing i could see now that he was back to ignoring me .
now the tiny thing was just a man .
it 's a thing .
you see any other tiny fae who could fit into that thing ? ''
i was totally bummed he did n't have a tunic with a giant letter s on the front , because it was the only thing his superhero costume was missing at this point .
i grabbed the strap of my bag and whipped the thing off my back , leaving it to dangle between us .
i could see a high ceiling up ahead , the entire thing glowing with the orange light that we 'd seen coming from the walls .
the thing went down nearly to her ankle , the blade long enough to chop four or five heads off at the same time .
but it was creepy as hell when the thing was pointed at me , that was a definite .
no way was i letting her take that thing back so she could slice and dice me anymore than she already had , and i was ready to pass out from what she was doing just trying to take it back .
she sure was attached to that thing .
i scrambled to get to the buckle , having to bat his spasming hands out of the way before i could succeed in grabbing the leather and yanking back on it to release the metal part in the hole that was holding the thing to his body .
if i had n't seen him blind a demon with one before , i would have laughed at the thing being no bigger than the tiniest fingernail clipping ; but i knew he 'd risk himself to do that move all over again , and i did n't want that to happen - not when we were so close to getting out of this mess .
what 's the deal with that thing , anyway ? ''
i asked , staring in fascination at the black , lumpy thing that sat unmoving at the orc 's feet .
i chugged the entire thing in five seconds flat .
the only thing they have on us is orc muscle , and i ' m confident we can take any orcs down if they show up . ''
this was a place that catered to the needs of men who would want things from jewell she 'd never before given any man .
she twisted the thing in her fingers and wondered why in the world he had given it to her .
she 'd inserted one of those a million times , and this thing probably was n't even as large .
what in the world was this thing and how would he know if she did n't wear it ?
this was going to be a long evening if he made her keep the damned thing in the whole time .
but he could n't make her go up in that thing .
as she finished her first cup of coffee , she heard the familiar ding of her phone - the darn thing was sitting on the kitchen counter - and she grimaced .
they were silent for a few moments as mckenzie stared at her menu , not seeing a thing on it .
yet she 's the prettiest thing god 's ever put on this earth .
` ` i just opened the thing up , jill . ''
` ` i need a stepladder to get into this thing . ''
it 's the only thing i make really well . ''
his shirt came down to the top of my thighs and i 'd already decided i was keeping the thing .
the damn thing came unhooked .
she looked lost , biting down on her bottom lip by pulling the whole thing under her teeth .
i think the poor thing was about to blow , so i saved it a cataclysmic death and shut the f**ker off . ''
i shut the thing and collapsed against it , seeking him with my eyes closed and finding him with my nose .
i took out the one thing he had left in the bag .
things moved inside me and clicked into place .
i would ' ve pulled the f**kin ' thing out of his mouth and shoved it in mine if i could ' ve .
` ` such a defiant little thing today .
you know you deserved it , and you still have n't done as i ' ve asked , you naughty thing .
i doubt he even turns the damn thing on , '' i answered dryly .
the thing had been set between the stack of papers .
the amethyst heart pendant with diamonds and pearls was a very pretty little thing , but more than that , it screamed brynne 's name .
i nursed my vodka for a few more minutes before deciding a smoke would be just the thing .
the thing had been silent for so long i 'd nearly forgotten to bring it tonight , but out of habit i kept charging it and turning it on .
i wanted to twist the damn thing off for getting us into this mess , but knew that was pointless .
i shuddered at the look of the ugly thing , glad i did n't remember getting stuck with it in the first place .
he just looked at the thing , and then his hand started moving slowly up and down the curve of my spine like before .
` ` all right , you sassy thing , let 's go have our chat with dr . banana probe so we can get out of here . ''
she said she wanted to be in her father 's home , with his things , in the place where she 'd last seen him talking to us on skype .
` ` the senator is a sock monkey who could n't find his way out of a paper bag if the thing was torn in half .
i took ahold of the damn thing and launched it with all my strength at the back of karl 's head .
that f**king thing was seeing more action than my c**k lately .
it was the only thing she wore by the time i took us into the shower .
he took the whole thing in his mouth and pulled it inside of him .
it was the micro length of the thing , showcasing her long , tanned legs in a manner that would serve to give any man who saw her in it one thought - and only one thought .
jesus christ , what if i wreck the thing ?
better yet , how would i drive the damn thing ?
as far as doing a thing to help me cut back on the coffin - nails ?
ugly thing was a dustbin candidate for sure .
fucking thing was so bashed .
christian put the thing in my hand , which was hard to grip through the gloves , but he helped me to hold it and told me when to start speaking .
you must be a good girl , and stop wriggling - and let me put your arm - oh , for f**k 's sake - i ca n't get this silly thing on you .
when i reached for it a third time , i snatched it up , then powered the damn thing off and tossed it in the glove box .
because there 's not a damn thing i can use as a weapon inside the vehicle - not unless i intend to beat someone senseless with my iphone .
there is a hinge on the back with a pin that fits through a corresponding cylinder to keep the thing in place .
i should have burned the thing .
this thing 's a classic . ''
right then , he could do any damn thing to me he wanted .
i paced and i drank and i managed not to throw things , but only because i liked all the things that were in jahn 's condo , and i 'd already sacrificed one coffee cup to evan black .
i paced and i drank and i managed not to throw things , but only because i liked all the things that were in jahn 's condo , and i 'd already sacrificed one coffee cup to evan black .
` ` if you tell me that you only fucked me to try to get your hands on that thing , we are going to have a serious problem , evan black . ''
something hard and lubed , and evan 's voice was telling me to relax , to trust him , to surrender , and i breathed deep and let him slide the thing inside me .
i was about to counter that she should have bought the blue caftan - looking thing , but we 'd reached the living room , and i stopped dead in my tracks .
goddamn me for letting myself get twisted around by this guy - this fucking asshole who did n't want a goddamn thing except to use me .
so hotdogs and marshmallows were the thing .
` ` i have just the thing , '' zelda said , in a thick accent that sounded eastern european , but was probably fake .
i could n't find a thing prior to you showing up in chicago .
i mean taking his tire iron out and beating the shit out of that thing , '' he said , waving at the crumpled hunk of metal that once had dispensed newspapers .
i ' m feeling rather audrey hepburn , and a hat would be just the thing .
right now , the damn thing is just annoying me .
i ask brightly , then chug the whole thing down .
what if he wants me to change the font and then resubmit the thing ?
but as i ' m speaking , i ' m grasping the thing and turning and it flips open like a well - oiled machine .
i try to focus on my menu , but it 's hard , because any moment damien might turn that thing on , and i ' m both dreading it and anticipating it .
` ` leave the thing on .
i 'll deal with it first thing tomorrow . ''
not when i have the real thing . ''
i expect to find the door unlocked , because jamie never remembers to lock the damn thing , so i ' m surprised to find both the dead bolt and the knob locked up tight .
the car is the first thing i bought on my own .
the second i get in my car , i reach into my glove compartment for my phone charger so that i can call damien , but the damn thing is n't there .
` ` i like this , '' he says , reaching out to run his finger along the pearl necklace that is the only thing i still wear .
` ` this thing has an office and a bed ? ''
i consider getting a blanket and letting her sleep outside , but decide she 'll be better off with a mattress and real sheets and no sun blasting on her face first thing in the morning .
i 'll bronze the goddamn thing if you want me to and we can mount it in the entryway .
i pause at the security box , flash the card that damien hands me , and watch while the electronic elves slide the massive thing open .
first , i have to finish coding the damn thing and actually get it into beta testing .
she was n't here , had n't been here for days , and even her things were gone from the place .
a flawless little thing like that would n't give me a second glance , and i told myself that was a good thing .
she was spilling out of the thing .
` ` god , that thing is impressive .
i did n't intend to be alone when i designed the thing . ''
` ` maybe i want to keep this thing .
it 's a too young thing .
i 'd see some young blonde thing out of the corner of my eye and turn to stare until i met a stranger 's blank stare .
` ` this hot young thing wants to do the nasty with you every which way , and you do , and then she leaves , and you have a problem with it . ''
it was the strings that turned the thing into pure wickedness .
i ' m going , and i got wind that she 's crashing the thing .
my hands were the only thing i had the energy left to use and those just to lazily touch .
tammy 's focus fixed , unsurprisingly , in the direction of iris and , hand settling on her hip , she started striding in that direction , her gait a bit awkward on five - inch stilettos , which were another thing she 'd never have been caught dead wearing when she was married to me .
i 'd inhaled the thing , the fries too .
` ` how many paint throwing stations are on this thing ? ''
in some respects , i 'd rather if neither of us were driving this thing .
` ` is that little tie there all that is holding that thing closed ? ''
the thing was a relic .
` ` this thing ca n't keep a charge for ten minutes , but i 'll never get rid of it .
the atrium was a huge draw for the casino , so the fact that they roped the entire thing off for three hours just for our vows , was huge .
but he was good enough , i guess , to rig up this thing .
ryker 's hair was still damp from a shower and it was obvious he 'd thrown on the first thing he 'd come across in his haste to answer eddie 's summons .
he was careful to maintain control and he did n't thrust so hard that it hurt her at all , but he set a more rapid pace , plunging , retreating , then thrusting forward again until she was panting and writhing beneath him like a wild thing .
the only thing keeping the damn dress on her .
i did n't know how the heck you were going to get that thing inside me . ''
` ` yeah , i know ; no one knows where a damn thing is but her , '' pop grumbled .
` ` not that i ' m complaining , but i really doubt that thing you call a suit will keep the sand out of your woo woo . ''
do you routinely need to lift a four - hundred - pound ... thing ?
it was the kind of thing jennifer lawrence or olivia wilde would wear .
how much would such a thing cost ?
the music is the thing . ''
i felt an ` ` mmmmmmmmm '' of need escape my lips , and then the tempo of vibration increased , once , twice , a third time , and then it was humming madly , setting my entire body on fire , and he was sliding it in and out of me , and i realized the vibrator had a smaller , secondary tip angled to bump against my clit as he slid the entire thing into me .
the boat roth owned was long and low , a sleek and sexy thing , all gleaming silver and polished wood , masculine lines and smooth curves .
i think he must have had the building custom - built for him , because there were , like , things in this place that should n't have been possible in a high - rise .
it was the kind of thing that would n't stand out in any way , no matter where we were .
her tits , spilling over the edge of her bra , a plain white utilitarian underwire bra , in that moment somehow the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
i fought it so hard , but i could n't do a damned thing .
he had a cell phone in his other hand , a huge thing almost the size of a tablet , and he was tapping at it with one thumb .
the man on the screen was staring directly at the camera , as if he knew it was there , although the camera was only a tiny thing hidden in the corner of the ceiling , not much more than a pinprick in the plaster .
there was a super yacht sold in marseilles , the kind of thing only a few men in the world can afford .
how do you dial out on this thing ? ''
i pulled the ring off my finger and tossed it on the dash , grabbed my clutch purse , my precious coach bag , the one nice thing i own , and i got out of the car , in the pouring , sluicing rain .
she travels a lot , and whenever she passes through detroit she stays here , so she leaves a little kit of things .
i do n't own a single damned thing , except my bra .
we met in a little cafe where old men smoked in circles from long tubes around a thing like a metal , orange - glowing spider , which shane called a hookah .
` ` i thought that salad was your favorite thing on the art 's menu , '' anne managed between bites of seafood linguine .
she knew that rose usually left the office by five p.m. she 'd have to call her first thing in the morning .
the damn thing had practically been hibernating since ... ` ` make it a double , '' he ordered tersely .
` ` sort of hard to sit here for two hours straight and not pick up a thing or two . ''
` ` sex toys were n't the only thing i was going to give you last christmas , '' he said suddenly with a crooked grin .
she did n't want him to suspect that unwelcome images had popped into her mind 's eye at his statement ; visions of ian walking from the shower , his naked body still gleaming with moisture , a thin towel draped on his lean hips the only thing separating herself from a vision of total male glory .
there were also other things in the windowless room , like two hooks with straps spaced along the wall , an unusually curved tall stool sitting in front of a piece of wood affixed to the wall like a ballet bar , and a padded bench .
she glimpsed only one thing before he blocked her view as he walked toward her - an item that was like a long cone - shaped tube made of black rubber , a ring affixed to the thicker end .
she 'd risen from sensual dreams with his scent in her nose and the feeling of his heavy erection pressed against her bottom , a few layers of thin fabric the only thing separating them .
i ca n't go out in public without a bra and camisole on under it ... let alone wearing this thing , '' she said , pointing to the swaying nipple chain .
she asked through a tight throat , referring to the leather thing with straps .
she could n't say precisely what he did next , but if she had to describe it , she 'd say he flipped one thing , twisted another , and jerked a third : one , two , three , quick as counting up to something good .
whatever this thing was .
` ` let me get my things and we 'll walk back to my place , '' she said .
that thing is n't moving . ''
` ` you 're such a hot little thing , '' he muttered tensely , pulsing his hips back and forth rapidly just a fraction of an inch .
it was the only thing he had n't taken off of her completely yet .
this thing called a skirt .
` ` there 's this thing called takeout .
she 'd turned the damn thing off last night , seeing as she was spent and exhausted from her time with clay , but now it was buzzing .
` ` there 's this thing called an airplane , '' he said dryly .
he loosened his dark green tie , unknotting the damn thing .
and here 's the thing , clay , '' she said , reaching out to place her hand on his thigh .
everything he did to her was designed to make her feel amazing - he f**ked her like she was unbreakable , and he kissed her tenderly like her heart was the most fragile thing he 'd ever touched , the thing he 'd never want to break .
everything he did to her was designed to make her feel amazing - he f**ked her like she was unbreakable , and he kissed her tenderly like her heart was the most fragile thing he 'd ever touched , the thing he 'd never want to break .
` ` i served some at a party last week from the store and everyone loved it , but we wanted to try the real thing . ''
` ` but in the meantime , i promise not to agree to anything or to sign a thing without my lawyer looking at it , '' she said , giving him a sexy little wink .
i have new ringers , all over the country , and i do n't need a thing from her . ''
the damn thing near blinded him it was so bright .
he turned the damn thing to silent .
she might have been terribly unlucky in love , but she knew plenty about sex , and she was n't going to play the part of a sweet , shy thing .
i love that you 'll find a store in montmartre that sells glass perfume bottles with gorgeous designs on them , and they 're things no one needs , but they exist solely because they 're pretty .
cage the damn thing up , and wrap chains around it .
that teeny , tiny little thing ? ''
he was ready to grab the ipad and smash the damn thing .
chapter thirty - two new york , two weeks later ... nate tugged at his tie , wishing he could yank the damn thing off , and shed the whole jacket and suit too , just wear shorts and a t - shirt to his board meeting .
he did n't have to explain that this room was n't private or that he did n't want me to think he saw me as some cheap thing if we did this .
` ` the only thing i want you to grab is my cock .
in fact , the only thing i have to trade is what you insisted i cover up in this enormous shirt of yours .
` ` i 'll have jessup on it first thing , kane , '' cash said just before the screen door slammed closed and kane was taken away .
you 're a pretty thing . ''
even worse , i came down with a bug and could n't keep a thing in my stomach .
this will be the first thing i see in the morning and the last thing i see at night before i fall asleep , so convince me this is what i should have on my mind at such important times . ''
` ` i 'd be happy if you never bought me a thing again just knowing you love me . ''
any time the hotel is featured in some book or movie , they love to build the whole thing up .
i could only guess that making love with him first thing in the morning would be another delicious experience .
who knows how much money he 'd invested in this thing or what the hell her virginity had to do with it ?
either that or she really trusted me to have the necessary things in place to keep her from harm .
looks like we might have this thing cleaned up in a few days or less , good work guys thanks . ''
then the bigger she grew the bondage and toys came into play , sexiest fucking thing ever .
my father walt worked in finance - investment banking , that kind of thing .
` ` you gon na show me a thing or two at the casino tonight ? ''
` ` what , this old thing ? ''
the metal is colder than i expected , and heavier too ... the thing feels alive .
` ` how about this , '' i say , taking a step away from him , ` ` i 'll agree to keep this thing with me while i ' m out of your sight .
growing up , i was a scrawny scrap of a thing , all elbows and buck teeth .
we did n't do a goddamn thing to hurt them . ''
` ` easy there , '' he laughs , ` ` i know you 're trying to win this little standoff , but i 'll crash this thing if you start up with that mid - ride . ''
to my surprise , the thing is actually turned on .
` ` in the back , '' mac says , ` ` the poor thing is a fucking mess . ''
well , he would if he continued to eat the darn thing !
what if this ... thing ... you ' ve created just does n't work ? ''
she was fairly certain he would n't overlook her beaming him with that ridiculous silver blob thing on his coffee table .
he glanced at the date , about to toss the whole thing into the trash .
tossing the blocks into the plastic container , she shoved the whole thing back into its place on the shelf , safely out of tripping distance .
i did n't steal a fucking thing .
she hated being the center of attention and she was the furthest thing he could get from being one of those prissy society types .
the big cross thing .
` ` ohmygod , '' i said as i gaped , my eyes jumping from one thing to another .
he draped it over a nearby bondage chair thing then continued his three sixty around me .
a second hard thing pushed at my other opening , and i clenched once again , fighting the intimate invasion .
i noticed that your mother had a sapphire one , so i thought this was the closest thing i could get you . ''
after all , how hard was it for a man to just shove his darn thing in and get it over with really ?
i yanked her arm and pressed her to the closest thing available , the glass window .
it was the only thing i was n't capable of providing .
gripping the closest thing my hand could grab , i flung it across the room , hitting the wall before it crashed to the floor .
i groaned as i marched towards the fridge , taking the thing she asked for and drizzled it all over her pancakes .
pushing the sadness away as i took out the jewelry container i had in my purse , i slowly opened it , pulling out the only thing that was left of the past - a reminder that he truly had once loved me with his whole heart .
the only thing that seemed in the least bit suitable was a large heavy raincoat .
the spider plant was the most colorful thing in the room .
so then we were standing there , laughing at him , and the stupid thing was still on fire .
sam tried to focus on some strange sculptural thing .
` ` not good to leave that thing on you too long your first time . ''
what was the thing around his neck ?
every time either of them set their cups on the marble top , the whole thing rocked in a new direction , creaking .
i 'd offer you porn , 'cause that 's the only other thing i ever watch , but i already saw that t'night , if you know what i mean . ''
he curled up and tried to protect his internal organs while they hit him with the same thing , over and over .
he 'd reconnected the thing this morning , in anticipation of the cab driver , but he had n't called for one yet , had he ?
was it the movement of his arm that was somehow making the thing go off ?
he did n't have any pajamas , and when he picked his bathrobe up off the floor , the worn , threadbare thing made him pause for a second .
he threw the thing on over his briefs and belted it on his way to the living room .
dalton did n't bother to look up when sam opened ian 's door , but he did check to make sure sam had actually shut the thing .
he grinned , pointing the thing at the screen as if it were a phaser .
need to trade this thing in .
it was too flashy - made him look like he was overcompensating for something , which , duh , he had been when he 'd bought the fucking thing .
` ` the thing with your thumb . ''
` ` if i did n't know better , '' tierney muttered , ` ` i 'd think grandfather 's ghost possessed the fucking thing . ''
mother hated that thing .
it was n't a huge restaurant , but there were so many potted plants and bamboo screen things that maybe there were dining areas he did n't even know to search ?
he glared at the thing , wishing he could recharge it with brain waves , but then someone sat down across from him , and dalton did n't even have to lift his head to know who it was .
` ` that thing 's huge . ''
max had a car waiting for us at the airport - nothing fancy or flashy , just a good old fun jeep , which max drove like he 'd just stolen the thing .
max kissed me on the cheek , pushed me away gently , looked me up and down and said , ` ` you 're wearing my favorite thing . ''
max put the whole thing in his mouth and said , ` ` it 's going to be hours before we eat . ''
and i ate the whole thing .
it was the most expensive thing i owned other than my beater of a car and was a graduation present from my parents .
as i mimed pouring myself a drink , i very much wished i had the real thing .
every single thing he did on that set reflected the coach -- his voice , his posture , even the movement of his hands .
we 'd talked to him first thing in the morning and he was itching to get discharged as soon as possible .
being whisked into the sky , not knowing where i ' m going and not having a thing of my own with me . ''
he had n't missed a single thing a woman might want down to a very good razor and hair dryer .
but he told me to watch what happened when a fake set went vertical versus the real thing .
i could barely speak because he was twisting the thing inside my ass , rolling it against the resistance of an utterly sensitive place newly discovered .
` ` i ' ve already got that internet thing , but i do n't know how to get that upstairs .
when my phone rang and i saw that it was tristan , i let it go to voicemail , muted the ringer and stuffed the damn thing into my purse .
it has a plunging neckline and a high slit in the skirt , the kind of thing you see in movies but never expect people to wear in real life .
` ` if you 're that concerned , the keys for this thing are back in the house with my purse . ''
the center 's entire future falls on the outcome of this ` ` little '' game , and i ' m not going to let my own weakness destroy the thing my dad worked so hard to build .
` ` you 're a feisty thing , '' he tells me .
just take that thing out of your mouth . ''
i fumble with my keys at the door , dropping them twice before i manage to get the damned thing unlocked .
the whole thing is sealed up in plastic packaging that includes images of how to get into the complicated get - up .
` ` if i win , then you have to wear that thing . ''
if i have to shovel garbage or scrub toilets or sell every last thing i own , i 'll do it if it means i can stay close to you .
like i said , the thing was huge .
he pressed his hips forward and that thing in his pants nudged the girliest part of me .
i swear he could have easily thrown a party inside that thing .
i looked around the kitchen and finally spotted it hanging on the wall next to the stove , but there was no way i was going to answer that thing .
the thing had a gazillion buttons on it and not a damn one of them was labeled .
i 'd never get any work done with that thing waving in my face , especially with delaine 's taste still on my tongue and her smell still lingering on my fingers and in my whiskers .
whoever packaged that thing had sealed it up like fort knox .
all that went out the window though when i finally got into the stupid thing and looked inside .
i did n't stop stabbing the damn thing until my arms got sore .
i eagerly lifted my hips to assist him , although i did n't know why he did n't just slide the damn thing off my legs .
i was going to call you first thing in the morning , because i did n't want to disturb you , '' he said .
call me first thing in the morning . ''
and speaking of humming - noah was doing just that against me , keeping in perfect harmony with the music he was playing , like he 'd written the thing himself .
and one of them was probably going to walk out of that thing to smack me in the back of the head for what i had become .
i grabbed the phone on the first ring , stared at it through the second , and held it so hard through the third that i thought for sure i 'd cracked the damn thing .
i reached across , took the cigarette from between his lips , and threw the thing out the window .
` ` so , what 's that other thing you got there , lanie ? ''
i hoped like fucking hell she used my credit card to buy the best they had to offer , even though the motherfucking thing was going in the trash as soon as i got her back in my bed where she belonged .
of course , it 's nowhere near as big as the real thing , but since i ca n't have you , it 'll have to do . ''
put a pillow between your legs and prop that thing on it .
thanks to bare feet and moss - covered bark , i could n't get a foothold on the damn thing .
of course polly promised she 'd be over first thing the next morning to start wedding preparations .
slamming my hips into her one final time , i came , spewing my seed inside the woman i would do any fucking thing for .
` ` i could n't exactly wear the same thing for both work and this , now could i ? ''
even if that is exactly what i am ... ` ` we just need to find you that thing that brings out the girl i saw today .
sure , i 'd probably looked like a train wreck in the morning , but i got to go home first thing and shower there .
i was learning to combat this with the only thing i could .
like every other thing he owned , it was upscale , flashy , and amazing .
have miss riley come to my office first thing when she arrives .
the thing looked more like a gorgeous meteor than a piece of jewelry .
his glare was so strong i was worried just aiming that thing at someone could cause internal combustion .
i was falling , so hard and fast i could n't cling to a thing or steady myself .
and a mini - umbrella thing !
i sucked in harder , hoping this damn thing would fit .
but this little thing inside me was mine .
i bit my bottom lip but the damn thing trembled anyway .
` ` not even naked and the hottest thing i ' ve seen in my shower .
poor thing was so hard it looked almost painful .
following him up the stairs , i tried really hard not to stare at his perfect ass , but it was useless , the thing was meant to be stared at .
chapter ten it was nine o ' clock and the only thing open was the damn diner .
a petite little thing that should be made love to in a bed , not f**ked right here on the counter , '' he ground his hips again and i gasped because his c**k hit just where i needed it , sending a bolt of pleasure though my body .
` ` second - best thing i ' ve ever tasted , '' he said , and smiled .
he 's wearing the exact same thing as last time i saw him , though , having still not changed .
he plans to fit that thing inside of me ?
i turn around , knowing damn well i have n't forgotten my phone this time , considering i had n't even remembered to bring the damn thing .
i doubt i could squeeze a thigh into the thing .
i reach behind me , struggling to unzip the dress on my own , and step out of it , unsure what to do with the thing so i just leave it in the corner .
the driver takes my things and puts them in the trunk .
` ` they did a decent job of recreating it , but nothing quite matches the real thing . ''
standing in my dorm room so many months later , surrounded by all of my things , jet - legged and feeling out of place , i think i finally understand it .
i do nothing but stand in the doorway , irritated , and stare at the goddamn thing in the dim lighting .
i ' m hoping she 'll swipe the cash and toss the wallet aside , but instead she pockets the whole thing before focusing on me again .
she drops the damn thing once ... twice ... before she 's steadied enough to even press a button on the cracked screen .
the poor thing had more blood on her than you did .
as much as she drops it , i ' m surprised the thing still even works .
` ` i bought it for you , '' i explain before she even mentions the thing .
onions and green peppers , fresh thyme and oregano , things she needs for whatever she 's cooking .
there 's a rattle in here , the only thing we ever bought for the baby ... the only thing maria had a chance to pick out .
there 's a rattle in here , the only thing we ever bought for the baby ... the only thing maria had a chance to pick out .
` ` she was about this high , you know , a short little thing , and spunky .
god , that thing 's becoming addictive .
i ' m here for the money , but as the knot that had permanently taken up residence in my stomach lessens with each passing hour , i realize that 's not the only thing this new way of life can provide me .
colton seeing sophie after her run - breathing hard from exertion and pink as a berry makes me want things i told myself i could n't have .
it 's almost noon , but with the jetlag and the wine we consumed last night , becca and i have n't unpacked a thing .
the kinkiest thing you can dream up . ''
` ` this thing is massive . ''
she glances down at my cock and then back up at me in a way that says , it 's time to put that big thing to use .
a have a small piano , a bean bag chair , a talking dog that speaks in spanish , english and french , and all kinds of things that promise to keep drawers and cabinets safely locked .
the thing falls to his ankles and he thinks it 's hilarious .
carrying this thing is a treat - normally my extra - large purse also housed pacifiers , diapers and baby toys .
but as i glance at her plate i notice she 's not even eating the same thing .
` ` are you seriously going to go down that thing ? ''
seriously , how many staff are aboard this thing ?
chapter twelve mia other than the airfare and the cab ride to collins ' house , i have n't purchased a thing since i got here .
i 'll never get this thing closed .
i slam the book closed and hurl the stupid thing at the door , but miss .
we tried to figure it out without you , but we ca n't seem to find the remote , and nothing works without that thing . ''
the thing is larger than my old bedroom was in connecticut , and entirely too big for the small suitcase worth of clothing i brought here .
that lavender silk number is exactly what she 's supposed to be wearing today , not some over - done white , poufy thing that i ca n't get off of her later .
` ` you do n't seriously expect me to climb on the back of that thing in this outfit ? ''
because you 're half - naked and that 's enough to make anyone flustered , faced first thing in the morning with '' -she gestured to his body- '' all that . ''
` ` no fair flashing that smile at me first thing this morning either . ''
at one time she would ' ve considered it the cutest thing ever .
i can spend hours looking in here and leave without purchasing a single thing . ''
he found the same thing in the kitchen .
his c**k nearly leaped into her hand , and he willed the motherfucking thing to stand down .
he assured me i had an appointment with you first thing this week .
after he 'd pointed out her admittedly selfish behavior friday night , she 'd had every intention of calling him first thing sunday morning after spending saturday working , pretending everything was peachy .
` ` every dirty , raunchy , nasty thing on your sexual arsenal ... '' she sucked the air clean out of his head , and his skin erupted in gooseflesh .
oh , such a sassy little thing .
some flowing silk thing and a pair of ankle - breaking heels .
this is the first goddamned thing i ' ve bought you since we got here . ''
the precious whiskey arrived in a special bottle handcrafted by a secret sect of french monks or some crazy thing .
and add in that master black control - freak thing that you love to use on me and i bet it 'll take about a minute before you 're coming down my throat . ''
seven thirty rolled around , and after finding nothing that screamed ' kinky hotel rendezvous ' in my wardrobe , i threw on the closest thing i had - a bright red cocktail dress that flared at the bottom - and headed for circular quay once more .
that thing is going inside your ass , do n't be stingy now .
soon , i could barely keep a firm grip on the thing .
it was a lengthy process , and i stopped twice to apply more lube , but eventually i buried the entire thing inside me , right down to the handle .
` ` i have just the thing .
in fact , i do n't want you to remove a thing .
with every passing moment , my longing to have the real thing inside me grew .
it was n't the sort of thing i could ever see sebastian wearing , but it suited my needs just fine .
it was a tiny thing , the barest hint of pale skin and black cloth , but the sight took my breath away nonetheless .
` ` i 'll go first thing tomorrow , '' i said , already playing the confrontation through in my head .
i do n't think he would have graduated without quinlan 's help , and a degree was one thing his daddy could n't buy . ''
how about we go pick up some things , and i 'll show you how to make a proper meal for the next time you invite a girl over to your place . ''
` ` you are a squirmy little thing , '' he teased , trailing his hands along my inner thigh , inches from where i throbbed and craved his touch so much more .
` ` this thing you have for james .
` ` i know we do n't have an official policy on relationships in the office , because frankly i did n't foresee that being an issue , but now that it is , i see why companies put these things in place .
i could think of a thing or two .
my cheeks heated at the memory of being tied down to the very thing , having come home to a far less amiable blake .
if trevor and max have been in cahoots to build this thing , why would trevor hack it ?
knowing that blake had used the thing on sophia was making me physically ill .
you 're about the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever seen , chan . ''
lord , stop beggin ' me for every damn thing you see . ''
shut that damn thing off . ''
poor thing is shy and unsure of herself and she needs a little- '' ` ` little amy jo did n't look so shy and unsure of herself when you two were dirty dancing , '' channing retorted .
she 'd sold the few things she 'd owned - including her bmw - bought an old dodge truck , packed up and had driven across the country to the wilds of wyoming .
she hated the cheap damn thing anyway .
especially when i ' ve yet to see a single thing carter has drawn or painted or sculpted or whatever he does with clay .
` ` he tells me he 's an artist , and says he 's ' working ' but the truth is , i ' ve never seen a damn thing he 's supposedly created . ''
what she 'd said to carter was true and it bugged the crap out of her that he had n't shown her a single thing he 'd drawn or molded or carved .
this piece of plastic ai n't gon na be the first thing you feel up this virgin ass .
no wonder you like that damn thing so much and have it handy .
because he could do any damn thing he pleased to her body and she 'd ask for more .
` ` he 's paintin ' her or some damn thing . ''
poor thing looked tired .
` ` so , can i sit on that thing ? ''
damn thing kept riding up and exposing her lower back .
you ca n't do a damn thing to me right now . ''
` ` dad 's goin ' over there to talk to him first thing in the mornin ' .
forgot i even had the damn thing .
we 'll play a game first thing when i get home later this afternoon . ''
first thing in the morning .
he had sent the damn thing .
a half - barrel shaped thing camouflaged with a lace canopy .
next to her mama , she 's the prettiest thing in the whole world . ''
kade had noticed a few things outside skylar 's place that needed further inspection .
those security type things woulda been the first things in place . ''
those security type things woulda been the first things in place . ''
` ` just one little teeny - tiny thing ? ''
` ` i did n't keep the f**kin ' thing because i had some girlish goddamn hope you 'd come back lookin ' for it like cinderella 's lost glass slipper , and we 'd pick up where we left off after you left me . ''
` ` because the only thing i ' ve ever wanted , or ever had up my ass , is your cock , ed .
` ` i ca n't imagine what the hell he wants but , yeah , i 'll leave first thing in the mornin ' .
ai n't every day your best friend tells you he 's got a thing for your wife .
that left one thing .
` ` it was your fault that the damn thing got away from me in the first place .
she 's such a little bitty thing she gets lost in your shadow . ''
` ` it was the closest thing i could find . ''
cowgirl boots were the only thing india had on .
` ` tell me , do you always beat on that thing so hard ? ''
it 'd be just her luck if the damn thing died on her .
his c**k had already started to stir , but it was still soft enough she could get the whole thing in her mouth .
` ` is this piece of vibrating plastic better than the real thing ? ''
` ` thought i left that damn thing in the truck , '' quinn muttered .
i ' m callin ' doc monroe and you 're goin ' to see her first thing tomorrow .
this place was the first thing he 'd owned outright , finally obtaining the space , freedom and solitude he 'd given up during his years in the army .
` ` you would n't think so , bein 's half of the damn thing is gone . ''
it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` you 're a scrawny thing , i did n't wan na crush you . ''
not only was he sitting on his ass , not even the sheer brute strength of his upper body would move the goddamn useless thing .
he could n't wait to get the goddamn thing off .
okay , maybe it was mean to call it that , but domini could n't sleep without the damn thing on .
at least the stupid thing had broken down in the school parking lot and not in the middle of the road .
even now i would n't change a goddamn thing .
he was sweating like crazy and the damn thing itched today .
imagine my surprise when i learned i ca n't change a freakin ' thing on the building that i now own without the step - by - step approval of some damn committee . ''
` ` a dirty and mean sense of humor first thing in the morning .
` ` things went to shit today and i ' m flying to iowa first thing in the morning to straighten it out .
` ` name one thing besides lowbrow movies . ''
if you do a single damn thing to hurt her , i will gut you . ''
` ` say you 'll let me do every dirty thing to you i ' ve ever fantasized about . ''
trudging up the stairs , she knew she 'd ditch her high heels first thing .
` ` now i want to rip the f**king thing off and gorge myself on you . ''
` ` you regret not blowing me first thing tonight .
be her luck to break the damn thing if she touched it , so she opted to wait .
` ` will you stop smacking that goddamn thing ?
rather than risk waking him by turning on a light , she rummaged in her pajama drawer in the darkness and grabbed the first thing she 'd found .
` ` oh , you poor thing .
it 'll buy you a new horse or repairs on your truck or whatever pitiful thing you need after he dumps your mousy ass back in wyoming . ''
he curled his fingers around the ring , half wishing she 'd broken the damn thing and shards of metal would dig into his skin .
but admitting his loneliness seemed f**king pathetic , so he had n't done a damn thing to change those misperceptions .
` ` first thing when we get home . ''
` ` 'bout the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` how does this thing work ? ''
ginger in his arms every night , seeing her beautiful face first thing every morning .
he 'd sucked down the whole damn thing without thinking about it , without tasting it - which was why he had n't been drinking the last month .
damn thing blew up right after i got to town .
by that time you 'll be begging , grinding against me so i 'd suck your nipple until i had the whole thing in my mouth . ''
it 's warm and gooey , because you know how much i love warm and gooey first thing in the mornin ' . ''
` ` it 's my lucky night , finding brandt mckay at the bar first thing . ''
between the bouts of sniffles , she checked her phone to make sure the damn thing was working .
a bratty thing .
` ` does that thing he 's wearing , a modified catcher 's mask , prevent that ? ''
i ' m getting used to the damn thing .
i ' m too starved to pick one thing . ''
what red - blooded man would n't take every kinky thing that was freely offered ?
` ` will you please get that goddamn thing outta my face ? ''
finally , he said , ` ` fuck , all right , give me the goddamn thing , '' and snatched it from her fingers .
damn thing probably cost twenty bucks .
did n't do a damn thing to save his head . ''
` ` are you ... my god , what the f**k is that thing on your head ? ''
i bet i sounded like a tour guide , breaking down every single thing and providing historical footnotes . ''
how would she ever get that thing in her mouth ?
poor thing was just a baby .
the swat did n't hurt ; it merely caught her off guard because it jiggled the thing in her butt .
with her bending over the table and that ... thing poking out of her behind ?
can we leave it at that and get this damn thing fixed ? ''
if you sign the consent form , i 'll be at my attorney 's office first thing tomorrow morning , filing for sole custody of sierra , without visitation rights .
` ` i can run you back to the rodeo grounds first thing . ''
your arms gave out and you bailed off because you went on the damn thing like twenty times . ''
gim me the damn thing . ''
i ' m sick of f**king with this thing .
she thought you were drunk or high or some damn thing , so she sent me to check on you . ''
he loves the damn thing . ''
she ditched her high heels first thing .
only so he did n't have to fumble with the damn thing at the moment of truth .
` ` this old thing ? ''
you 're surgically attached to the damn thing .
because you picked a fight with her first thing this morning . ''
you can do that thing with your tongue anytime . ''
pretending to be indignant when she 'd known that he needed to be surrounded by all their smiling faces first thing this morning .
` ` hey , man , i ' m blaming you that the only thing we brought was p**n . ''
i think about holding one , rocking one , how good they smell and seeing that sweet little happy face first thing every morning . ''
i swear i ' m tethering that thing to your wrist from here on out . ''
then the bloody , slippery thing was laid on keely 's stomach .
the thing 's been buzzing like crazy .
well , it was fun when your son f**ked me senseless first thing this morning .
` ` did my brothers bring this to you first thing this morning ?
seeing the strain across his shoulders beneath his t - shirt as he pulled on the weight and pulley thing .
she knew so many other things , hot and sweet and sexy things - please lord forgive me for letting my mind wander to such carnal thoughts during church service , amen .
she knew so many other things , hot and sweet and sexy things - please lord forgive me for letting my mind wander to such carnal thoughts during church service , amen .
how the hell could she even see the damn thing through her tears ?
` ` i ' m thinkin ' the whole thing needs replaced . ''
but if you crash here tonight , we 'll confront dad first thing in the mornin ' about this inheritance change bullshit . ''
but he was so ... bored he 'd turned the damn thing on just for the company .
this was beyond him being able to yank the damn thing out with a pair of pliers .
colby and colt sat on the padded bench and the two of them nearly took up the entire thing .
the doctors had checked on carolyn first thing this morning .
you are still the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever laid eyes on . ''
` ` it looks much prettier down , like you had it first thing this morning . ''
` ` no - my little sister crashed the bloody thing , '' he replied starkly .
he rasped a large hand across his chin and felt a growl of frustration building up inside him - he did n't have a clue how to work the damn thing .
there is nothing worse than putting your feet on cold floors first thing in the morning , and apparently lucian feels the same .
just open the damn thing and get it over with .
i started to get the feeling she 'd bite the fucking thing off if necessary to get what she wanted . ''
you lucky thing .
` ` you might want to call your friend rose today ; she has been blowing the damn thing up .
i chuckle in reply , thinking i 'd like to see the same damn thing , but it 's a fantasy that 's never happening for either of us .
put that thing away now . ''
layla clutched her heart , which was beating like a wild thing inside of her chest now .
she had hopes for getting the information off of nathan 's smartphone , but he took the dang thing with him everywhere , even into the bathroom .
you can stay in the hotel and i 'll send the jet to take you back to new york first thing in the morning .
she 'd do it first thing in the morning , she decided .
` ` well there 's gas and there 's this thing called a pilot light . ''
i made that out of peachleaf willow , mainly for the purpose of showing other people how to make the same thing . ''
the one thing that unlocked everything of value she had in this world .
` ` i 'll make calls first thing in the morning and we 'll get this solved .
i ' m just looking for this one thing that might be able to help me figure out how to get this other thing we really need if we want to - aha , found it ! ''
` ` your ... thing is pressed into my kit kat .
` ` i ' ve got your thing in my hand ...
he 'd had wilder sex , slept with more experienced women , done kinkier things , but being with josie was the most intimate thing that had ever happened to him .
beau ran a hand over his bare chest , and almost started to explain that the sweatpants he wore as pajama bottoms had been the only thing he could easily find , but then he realized there was a more important question that needed to be asked .
she let out a huff of air , but eventually said , ` ` i ' ve got your thing in my hand . ''
to make her point final , she waved his jacket towards him , clearly signaling he just needed to take the damn thing , already .
he grinned at her when it was finished , ` ` i ' m gon na get started on finding some great parents for pavel first thing tomorrow morning . ''
after his shower , nikolai threw on a pair of briefs - the only thing he ever wore to bed , wanting nothing more than to go to sleep .
it was n't a joke he was particularly fond of but it showed how much he 'd grown that instead of throwing the thing out when his zhena was n't looking , he used his ire as an excuse to redouble his efforts to make her comfortable in ways that a standing pillow could not .
the only thing out there was holly bushes and she doubted he 'd appreciate that .
he gave her a slow , thorough once - over that let her know he had a vivid image in his mind of her wearing that gauzy thing .
the thing was so flimsy it was pretty much - transparent .
` ` so , how does cupid use this thing ? ''
gods , how he hated that tight , square thing .
` ` i wish i could destroy this thing , '' he snarled , returning it to the coffee table .
she cringed at the thought of how much such a thing must have hurt , and she wondered if he had agreed to it , or if someone had put it there against his will .
it was strangely comforting to know that they had such a thing , but also scary to think of one of these guys turning bad with the powers they possessed .
` ` do you even know how to use that thing ? ''
and your boots and knife thing are right here , '' she said , holding them up from the floor by the bed .
he still had n't eaten his boots either , and he 'd rather feast on one of them than that thing in her hand .
rage descended as talon thought about why someone would give her such a thing .
` ` i ca n't see to drive this thing . ''
if she was going to lose her mind , she much preferred losing it with vane than with an ugly monster thing who could barely speak .
` ` what the hell was that thing set for ? ''
` ` i really hate that i had to drive this damned thing .
` ` yeah , you know , the thing you turn the television off and on with ? ''
since it had been vacant for a number of years , the building was n't the cleanest thing in the world .
` ` just sell the damned thing on ebay . ''
susan grabbed the closest thing she had to a weapon - her table lamp that had fallen over during the chaos - and crouched low , waiting for him to move .
the huge thing had to weigh at least fifteen pounds and it smelled like her grandmother 's old mothball - infested cedar closet .
` ` i grabbed that round weapon thing you have on the wall and threw it at the one closest to me , then i ran screaming like a demon for the garage .
the thing 's something like five thousand pages long . ''
the only thing he 'd accept from her was vials of her blood so that he could eat and live .
` ` they are the only thing we have to fight the atlanteans with .
` ` well , given the fact that it was in this time zone and there 's a little thing outside called the sun ... yeah .
gold , round and shining , it was a beautiful thing .
` ` do they make such a thing ? ''
given that , i think i should surrender this thing to someone who knows how to properly operate it . ''
you 're such a pretty thing ... let 's put that body to good use ...
` ` does n't that thing have a keeper ? ''
she looked down at his huge feet which had to be a size fourteen or fifteen - if they even made such a thing .
` ` can you use that thing ? ''
` ` you 're drinking a beer first thing in the morning .
other than stomping a young boy 's ego first thing in the morning , what do you do ? ''
but truthfully , the thing was gorgeous .
` ` history says they did n't have books , yet what 's this thing in my hand ?
he 's without a doubt the finest thing on two legs , or three if you play your cards right . ''
so tell me a little bit about this guy and i 'll find you the perfect thing for him . ''
remembered the way she looked first thing in the morning when she 'd been snuggled up beside him .
i ' m sick of having to clean up blood first thing in the morning and do n't f**k up my book .
` ` um , could you at least wait until that thing 's housebroken ? ''
just toss the damn thing and let it go ... ...
` ` probably true if she sees you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you know , you could wash that nasty thing off between uses . ''
but for the sakes of the gods , delete that thing before you lose your camera again and someone else sees what a friggin ' goober i am . ''
gods , to have that one moment back ... ... why had n't she listened to him and deleted the damn thing ?
it some metal thing , but the simi loves it 'cause it let her buy everything she want without limit .
` ` i guess he needed the same thing i did . ''
most of all , her features were beguiling and he could n't help wondering what she 'd look like first thing in the morning with that riot of curls spilling all around her nak*d body .
damn if she was n't the sexiest thing he 'd seen in a long time .
` ` yeah , and the flashy thing is just an eye test . ''
` ` flashy thing ?
i have flossed things the gods never meant to be flossed and used things that would be toxic to most living organisms .
i have flossed things the gods never meant to be flossed and used things that would be toxic to most living organisms .
there in his palm was the one thing he 'd waited a lifetime to see .
do n't let the damn thing go off by accident .
i had that thing on order for over a year .
it was the fastest thing he owned .
hope jess does n't love this thing .
` ` i really hope you did n't damage this thing . ''
if there 's so much as a scratch on this thing , i 'll never hear the end of it . ''
i ' m torching this thing when i get it home ... . she hesitated at the waistband of her black panties .
` ` by the way , cowboy , you do know that if we were to wreck , i can teleport out of this thing .
obviously , given the horrors of this night , i was n't lucky so i had to crawl under the damn thing at ninety miles an hour and pound it out from underneath .
and speaking of , we probably want to leave a note for whoever owns this thing so they can get it fixed .
that key held the only thing that could kill the olympian gods and destroy their entire existence .
some special kind of sadistic demon must have invented this damn thing .
it took two days just to find the on switch for that damn thing . ''
the damn thing would n't budge .
` ` take the stupid thing .
why was n't the damn thing opening ?
yeah , that was the only thing in this dismal place that looked appealing .
the barrel of that thing had to be hot enough to raise a blister .
but she still did n't know how to reach the damn thing from the ground .
he curled his lip at the thought of that little thing strapped onto him .
the most erotic thing he 'd ever seen .
his lips trailed down the v of her blouse , a few small buttons the only thing keeping them from going too far .
she was n't superwoman - she could n't fly off the damn thing like some comic - book hero .
that thing had to weigh a hundred pounds .
but this is old - school stuff ... kind of thing i first played with as a kid . ''
` ` i have just the thing , '' desideria said .
how can you not know what 's wrong with this thing ?
devyn was grateful someone knew what was wrong with the damned thing .
why could n't she get this stupid thing to budge ?
yeah , but she hated what that would entail since she only had one thing she could use .
there 's not a damned thing i ca n't find out online about you or anyone else no matter how off the grid you think you are .
` ` that 's the only thing i have that can revive him .
this was the coolest thing she 'd ever seen .
` ` so how does this shield thing work ? ''
` ` how big was this thing ? ''
why would anyone buy such a thing ?
` ` oh , that ugly little thing from berringer 's that i bought to irritate my former husband ?
i could n't stand looking at that thing . ''
` ` just out of curiosity , how many weapons are in that thing ? ''
` ` i do , but you 're completely bended if you think i ' m leaving this sweet thing in your surly presence . ''
how did he wear that thing without being hunchback from the weight ?
` ` figures the damned thing would be empty . ''
` ` i saw silent prayer last year and thought it was the best thing ever produced .
` ` but it goes up first thing in the morning .
it 's probably the only thing since i no longer have a pack to shelter me .
things and places changed , but the people did n't .
she took him dancing and showed him all kinds of places and things he 'd never seen before .
in fact , i 'll call leonard first thing in the morning and see when he can come out for an estimate .
damn , she was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` who would invent such a thing ? ''
` ` i 'll take care of it first thing in the morning . ''
damn , the thing actually worked .
and at that moment he despised whoever had invented the cursed thing .
stop with the crazy thoughts and catch that friggin ' thing sneaking around the city .
had someone cast a spell over this thing to accuse evalle of killing the woman ?
what kind of demon was this thing , and what was he doing here ?
if evalle could show up with this thing smelling of cresyl , even sen would hesitate to point a finger at her for the dead human .
things that looked like the demented ghoulish thing storm had followed .
using a pair of scissors in shaking hands , she carefully cut away his t - shirt until she had the entire thing off his chest .
she tiptoed over and reached down to see if she could lift the huge thing , and a sizzle of energy ran along the handle as if in warning .
even though the spell had run out last night , this thing had to be valuable .
grasping the edge , she sliced the front open , snatched it off and slung the slimy thing away .
now the thing was heating up even more .
that 's why the thing had been warming and glowing right before something had attacked her .
the thing turned back into a human when it died , then it just vaporized . ''
a silly thing , but he 'd been touched that she 'd taken the keepsake with her .
` ` will do , but she handles that thing like a daytona pro .
she tried to stomp out the noisy thing , but the timepiece was indestructible , so she put it beneath the thin mattress on her bed .
the blasted thing ticked louder .
tristan touched his shirt as if the damned thing had told on him .
what the hell did that thing shift into ?
if this thing had the benefit of a mage or wizard 's majik , storm might lose .
` ` you do n't want this thing .
that should get this thing off my arm immediately , since sen would n't trust me with a magical paper clip . ''
we need to get that thing off your arm . ''
if i go around sen with this thing , it 'll end in a bloodbath . ''
when i get this thing off my arm , i want to try ... with you . ''
right now , i just want that thing off your arm before you try to kill sen or macha . ''
saw that thing shake hands with a ghoul , then the ghoul freaked out . ''
gritting her teeth , she clenched harder on the tentacle , tightening to cut off any blood flow , if blood ran through this thing .
lifting the pole , he started spinning it around one finger as if the thing weighed nothing .
this thing definitely broke alterant beast bones .
lothaire knew one thing that would relax him .
but before lanthe could free herself , emberine had stolen the grubby thing and incinerated the rest of fegley !
ember 's towering flames wreathed the entire thing .
thronos had separated her from her only shot at getting this thing off her neck .
he knew one thing that would cool his need like an ice storm , a memory that made his hatred seethe .
with a bellow , he released the thing , sending it flying through the air .
the mercreatures ate the entire thing , including the shell , probably throwing up that part later .
what 's in this thing ? ''
but the tiny thing in my hands does n't look like it will fit .
the only other thing i ' m wearing is a small , matching red thong .
` ` it might be the single sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the bed is the biggest thing in the apartment and even in the dark , he finds it easily .
magnus stooped and plucked the shining thing out of that dark pool .
he was the only thing moving in that whole room full of terrible stillness .
magnus reached into his pocket and produced the glittering thing inside it , held cupped in the palm of his hand .
it was the only thing open .
` ` time to get this thing fixed , '' she said , yanking the door open .
` ` that thing , '' he choked out .
` ` that thing in the stairwell , '' he said .
it 's a big black hulking metal thing .
with a high windy screech , the thing toppled sideways , wings spasming .
the whole thing shuddered into pieces .
up front , jace was shouting at luke that there had to be some way to make the damn thing go faster , but clary knew they 'd never outrun the dawn .
his grip was warm on hers , comforting , and she remembered how she 'd taken the bloody shard of the portal out of his hand at renwick 's - the only thing that was left of his old life - and how he 'd pulled her into his arms .
she was wearing a long dark cloak over a dress , not the sort of thing you usually saw on a manhattan street .
it 's the only thing that could get everyone off the streets at once . ''
clary could n't imagine amatis in it , but - this is the sort of thing my mother might have worn when she went dancing with valentine , she could n't help thinking , and let the dress slide back into the trunk , its texture soft and cool against her fingers .
` ` about the errand i went on last night - the thing i had to deliver to the gard- '' ` ` alec , stop .
` ` i forgot i was wearing the damn thing . ''
` ` can you put that thing away ? ''
she took it and shrugged it on - the poor thing was already showing distinct signs of wear .
jonathan , who he 'd turned into some kind of half - demon thing .
it was a dark , beautiful thing , jace thought , even when sebastian lowered the point of it so that it rested above jace 's collarbone , just nicking his adam 's apple .
show him the thing he made .
it was probably the girliest thing she 'd ever worn .
he was holding out a knife to simon , a wicked - looking thing with a needle blade .
` ` i know , but i ' ve been sort of fending her off - leaving messages when i knew she would n't be there , that kind of thing .
` ` am i the newest thing in this apartment ? ''
here '' -he gestured at the books lining the walls- '' is the closest thing werewolves have to , say , the archives of the silent brothers or the spiral labyrinth of the warlocks . ''
of course , she thought several moments later , standing over an open drawer , the sort of nightgowns men bought because they wanted the women in their lives to wear them were not necessarily the kind of thing you might buy for yourself .
` ` i brought you something to wear , '' said sebastian , handing the shiny black thing to clary , who had wriggled out of the sink and was now standing , dripping soapy water onto the tiled floor .
` ` you 're a skinny little thing .
as if , without thinking of it , she had put on the closest thing she had to fighting gear .
` ` i think this thing is broken .
massive engravings ran around the structure , like ribbon wrapping a box ; the whole thing glowed dully in the orange light .
` ` either way , it means that thing the statue is holding is a real weapon , '' said jace .
she readied her blade to let it fly , when there was a flash of silver - gold and isabelle 's whip came down , slicing the thing in half .
` ` what 's that wobbly thing ? ''
she felt like a child in an adult 's chair : the thing had been built for someone massive , and her feet dangled above the top step .
my spidey senses were telling me the thing was rigged with onyx .
nothing like seeing her prim face and plastic smile first thing to start the day off right .
thank god the thing did n't give out on him and wrinkle his pressed pants .
` ` think you can climb up in this thing all by yourself ? ''
the house , if you could call the monstrous thing a house , loomed ahead like a mirage .
for some reason , i loved the stupid thing .
things started to click into place .
i would n't change a damn thing .
` ` you know , there 's this thing called pants .
the damn thing will disrupt signals and can even hurt humans since the brains , lungs , and heart are all controlled by low - voltage electricity .
soldiers streamed out of the hull , scrambling away seconds before the thing blew .
she needs prenatal vitamins and food and probably saltine crackers and pickles and- '' ` ` and we can get those things for her , '' archer replied , and i lifted my head .
` ` when they kicked down our door and nancy strode in as if she was the biggest , baddest thing this side of the country , i proved just how well connected i am . ''
lore started messing with a giant potted palm tree - looking thing .
a fierce scowl and sense of protectiveness filled me as i read the thing .
the thing was named bambi ?
this ring was the only thing that tied me to my real family .
` ` what a strange place to nap when you have this great thing called a bed . ''
the thing required a degree in engineering to figure out .
` ` that 's not the only thing pierced . ''
this thing just would n't die .
there are idiots who jump in this thing all the time .
the thing was n't locked , but it had a steel bar across the front .
even with the demon and warden strength in me , the thing did n't budge .
the thing wriggled and snapped at air .
what is this thing made of ? ''
no way did i want to touch that thing .
it would totally suck if the thing imploded in dust , and i almost laughed at the image , except in reality it would n't be so funny .
that once the lesser key was moved , the whole thing would collapse , trapping the key and whoever took it .
he ordered a bowl of chocolate ice cream and i got a banana split , the same thing i always ordered .
the thing went down , but there were dozens , if not hundreds , more .
` ` man , i hate how that thing just moves all over your ... '' ` ` body ? ''
there was barely any room for two people on the thing .
we have the same thing . ''
` ` how did you hide that thing all this time ?
ill be there first thing in the morning .
i feel like i m about to die , and there is nt a damn thing in that first - aid kit that could save me .
i like the way he looks at melike i m the most interesting thing in the store .
goddamn , it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
it was nothing special , just a plain thing and definitely not that sexy , but it only took seconds for her to realize why he found it so alluring .
` ` you know , teresa , there 's a thing called a cup holder . ''
as we drew closer , an old barn came into view - a scary old barn , like the one in the texas chainsaw massacre , complete with the creepy rooster compass thing swiveling on the roof .
` ` oh my god , is that reese 's pieces in this thing ? ''
and it was n't the only thing i had .
it did n't seem like the best thing to wear to a funeral , but it was all i had handy .
there was a giant frosty snow globe , bubble thing in front of the porch .
jack giggled as jase popped the whole thing in his mouth .
jase 's lips brushed my fingers as he took the whole thing in his mouth , causing jack to burst into giggles .
my flip - flops echoed off the pavement as i crossed the parking lot , clutching the strap of my bag in a way that meant i could wing this thing around like a deadly weapon .
` ` at least a hundred - fifty , and with the whole thing being gone , probably more . ''
i was n't the tallest girl around , coming in around five and seven inches , but she was a tiny thing .
` ` hell no , that thing is n't comfortable .
there was a thing .
` ` but this thing of yours has to come off . ''
the most tiny , perfect thing i 'd ever seen .
i do n't want to stick her back in that thing until they make me . ''
she likes to be talked to while she 's in that thing . ''
she 'd better not f**k with me , or i would turn the damn thing off and cancel her credit cards .
so i wore the nicest thing i had .
she knows how to use that thing better than most men , '' abe ordered in a calm voice .
` ` what is she doing with that thing ?
i hoped i had bought the right thing for a nine - year - old girl .
seeing her first thing in the morning was even better than i imagined .
i asked , stopping and grabbing the first thing i could find to steady myself .
` ` oh shit , he ai n't wrapping that thing up , '' preston said , pointing out the obvious .
you ca n't have the real thing now that you 're pregnant . ''
things you definitely ca n't learn through reading email or spying in coffee shops .
` ` i should be more careful or i 'll give the old man a heart attack , '' viggo murmured , casually tossing the frilly thing back into the basket and walking out .
i remember ripping one of those tasty morsels right out of a chest once , so quickly that the little thing continued pulsing in my palm .
my gaze dropped to amelie 's slender frame , trying to picture the diminutive thing wrestling a ferocious grizzly bear with her bare hands .
whipping around , i suctioned myself to the closest thing available .
` ` not while this blasted thing is around my neck . ''
the urge to yank the stupid thing off suddenly overwhelmed me .
as if deciding to probe from a different angle , she asked , ` ` what do they need with the thing you have ? ''
instead , he said , ` ` you can come in , but not with that thing .
that tiny wisp of a thing , her magic immature and weak ?
` ` this thing serves a dual purpose ; it masks the power of her magic . ''
she tossed the bloody , unbeating thing to the cobblestones beside me .
i squinted at the thing on his head .
i looked down at the thing , resting on the outside of my parka , and the sudden urge to rip it off my body overwhelmed me .
whatever happened between leo and ursula may have burnt the thing to the ground .
so old - fashioned ... '' amelie explained as she pulled a black lacy outfit off a shelf , complete with green ribbons and things dangling from the bottom of it .
throwing my side into it , the entire thing fell off its hinges .
the refrigerator broke our momentum , teetering a few times before the entire thing toppled , a prominent dent visible in its steel door .
the thing was folded up like an accordion .
she acknowledges that with a lazy shrug as she sips on some frothy calorie - laden pink thing with an umbrella sticking out of it .
i smile at the memory of teaching my fifty - one - year - old mom how to use that thing .
he grins , completely at ease , his attention grazing over my life - sized cardboard cutout of that stupid alien thing i ordered online a few weeks ago as a ` ` fuck you '' to nelson , the annoying contracts lawyer down the hall .
this thing is old and jumpy . ''
and so i remain still as he takes his time , until he 's got the old silver thing dangling off one finger in front of me .
` ` in fact , he may even sell me to you if he thinks it 'll get him more of wilma 's home cooking because unless mason 's cooking , the only thing that gets used around here is the microwave . ''
the only thing i found of any use was a small tub of vicks , with which i ' ve already coated my chest , my back , even my upper lip .
i ' m still wondering if that nipple ring is the only thing hidden under there .
most girls would have packed some frilly black thing .
just the image of a fifty - one - year - old mama racing around in that thing has me bursting out with laughter again .
` ` reese , you look beautiful , even with that beat - up old thing slung over your shoulder . ''
how old is this thing ? ''
she knows as well as i do that this old thing was running by the grace of god and nothing more .
he 's got a rare , genuine smile on his face , like he 's happy to see me behind the wheel of this thing .
we filled my trunk with bags of clothes and basics she wanted to bring with her - towels , bedding , some things to cook with that she said would only collect dust if left with viktor .
how you ' ve got phone charger cords stuck into outlets in every room , so you do n't have to go far to plug the damn thing in ?
there 'd been a time when i would ' ve given anything to have an unposed photo with brett , believing that such an insubstantial thing would give me some kind of proof that i was more than a piece of ass .
` ` to be honest , i saw you walking past me with your laundry and i grabbed the first thing i could think to wash . '' wait ... what 's he saying ?
storm does n't even have the thing in park before i jump out .
inspecting the thing , i ' m not sure how i feel about that .
can you get your guy in first thing in the morning ? ''
i sit at my table and gawk at the stupid thing , wondering if he 's already deleted my text , or if he 's even bothered to read it .
metal and plastic sails through the air as the thing shatters .
` ` ripping this damn thing out of my arm and getting the hell out of this swanky cuckoo nest . ''
she actually had the damn thing printed .
if he moves any closer , that thing is liable to brush up against me .
i burst out , ` ` can you please point that thing somewhere else ! ''
it could be lethal for her if this thing is n't stable . ''
and a no - doses kind of guy when he 's walking around in that thing .
that damn thing has been driving me insane all week .
` ` dude , that does n't make the waitress come any faster and it makes you look like a complete dick , '' grant mutters , snatching the thing out of his hand .
with a gentle smile and a squeeze of my biceps , she winks and says , ` ` well , go spin your thing out there and i 'll cheer you on .
i 'll gladly take it , because i have another minute and a half of this song and that vest was n't the last thing that needs to hit the stage if i want this job .
it 's not the most comfortable thing to lie on but right now , i really do n't care .
he takes a seat beside me as i chug back the entire thing .
her works had been ` ` one of a kind '' and ` ` limited edition , '' the sort of thing they liked in the exclusive doll shops and galleries .
seeing the legendary mary jane was the next best thing , the cousin only recently returned from ` ` away '' who tethered her pirogue to the newel post , and paddled across a stagnant pool of treacherous slime to get to the pickup truck she drove into town for her groceries .
help me get some education , that 's about the only thing i could really use .
` ` she 's a sweet thing in her own way , '' celia had admitted .
why do you think you 're wearing that loose thing ?
` ` this little louis quinze thing will fall apart if we try to use it . ''
` ` and this thing , this thing you ' ve conjured from the swamps , this lasher , is it your avenger , your golem ? ''
we 're burning up the miles , honey , this thing does ninety and you ca n't even feel it . ''
if a woman was gifted with the harp , this was a magnificent thing .
we did not build the whole thing that is there now , or is believed to have been there at one time .
but there was the house , all right , the entire thing the color of driftwood , with the purple wisteria completely wrapped around the capitals of those upstairs columns , and making its way for the balusters .
` ` one morning we 'll drive by there , and there wo n't be any house , whole thing , lock , stock , and barrel , will have sunk into the swamp , you mark my words , it 's a sin , anybody living like that . ''
it is inconceivable that a man could have created this thing in less than three to four years , in the solitude of the scriptorium at iona , and to think that you have done it here within the space of a year is nothing short of miraculous . ''
what would you do if it were a baby , a tiny pink thing like they ought to be , and a witch came and laid her hands on it and said , ' it will grow up to wage war , it will grow up to make bombs , it will grow up to sacrifice the lives of thousands , millions . '
he thought of the brief union on the sofa , on the library floor , and this , this frail and unpredictable thing .
` ` look at that thing , hard as a stone ! ''
i could not be made to wear such a thing , a thing to make me look even more lowly than a slave , a thing to make me look like an animal !
i could not be made to wear such a thing , a thing to make me look even more lowly than a slave , a thing to make me look like an animal !
i could not be made to wear such a thing , a thing to make me look even more lowly than a slave , a thing to make me look like an animal !
i could n't now push the thing out .
i had to strain to catch the thing in my teeth , the beam against my belly biting into the flesh , and once i did , my feet almost left the ground .
in an instant , his wrists were chained to the end of the thing , with the upright wood of the cross between them .
she seemed to float in the niche , a tight and helpless thing unable to shield her naked sex or br**sts or the patch of naked flesh where her bu**ocks were pressed together .
the thing dropped and his robe opened , the fabric very heavy , the two sides of the robe standing open , and underneath i saw his naked chest , the black curly hair between his legs , and his c**k rising like a spike , curving slightly .
why , the thing was actually hinged at the sides , she realized , and the fabric binding inanna 's br**sts and sex looked unbearably hot , confining .
and beauty closed her hands on the hard cold thing , and this too inexplicably excited her .
i was made to stand up , and a good - sized bronze phallus was obviously chosen for me and i stood numbly watching as it was oiled , marveling at the detailed carving of the thing , the way the circumcised tip and even the surface of the skin was beautifully realized .
the thing glowed in my imagination -- the clamps , the chains .
but all i could do was return to our lords and be whipped again by that hated little thong , the thing finding the sore flesh in back this time as i knelt still , weeping .
there was a stool in the corner , a broad three - legged thing .
a candle was the obvious thing , and there were many of them , some only an inch in width .
` ` that silly thing ?
` ` you know , '' she said , ` ` i would n't have expected you to notice , but it seems clear that the only thing tessa has to put on her back is that awful old red dress of mine , and it does n't fit her .
it looks as if you were n't the only thing in the dark sisters ' house that was being prepared for the magister 's use .
as he pushed the heavy thing toward the wall , tessa cast a sidelong look at jem .
this was the real thing , the shadow world my mother had made only glancing reference to in her diary .
she was alone - though not quite , will realized as she paused on the landing , for the thing she was clutching in her hand was not a lantern after all .
will could think of only one thing .
` ` first thing , from pam . ''
` ` the other thing is from me , '' he continued .
` ` i need that thing that was in the secret compartment . ''
` ` if i 'd had any idea what that thing was , i 'd never have told you , '' he said , regret weighing down his voice .
i did some research on your behalf , and what you think may just be a pretty thing your grandma left in the desk is something a few people do want for their private collection . ''
he imagined scholars and folklorists would give a pretty penny to possess such a thing . ''
the trifecta , a hotel / casino on the east side of shreveport , was the closest thing the town had to ` ` glamorous . ''
this magic thing that i used on you .
i 'd seen the real thing , so i wandered away to check out the ` ` better '' dresses .
` ` now it 's only a pretty thing that looks like a compact . ''
it was the only thing of his i gave away when he died , because it just reminded me of him too much .
with this thing in my pocket ? ''
and there must be twenty bullet holes in that thing . ''
some kind of hex thing .
` ` i do n't want that thing .
the places he could take her , the things he could teach her , the freedom he could give her ...
the cold thing in his hand chimed once : a crystalline tinkling like the bells of a tiny glass cathedral .
primus scratched his beard , and looked down at the crumpled thing .
` ` ask me for it , and i can have done with the stupid thing .
i was thinking that i 'd welcome a boy to work my little flower - stall - i sells glass flowers , you know , the prettiest things that ever you did see .
` ` do n't just stand there like a dumb thing !
` ` the poor thing , '' said yvaine , ` ` chained up like that .
now , tell me young man , '' she asked , looking up at tristran with her sharp old eyes , ` ` do you know what manner of thing you have been wearing in your buttonhole ? ''
for he could no longer reconcile his old idea of giving the star to victoria forester with his current notion that the star was not a thing to be passed from hand to hand , but a true person in all respects and no kind of a thing at all .
` ` a young man , if i do not mistake my guess , a lovely thing like you .
` ` the topaz thing i showed you .
` ` i hope this thing works . ''
wes turned away and ripped off all the straps , dragging the thing off .
` ` you ' ve got ta drive this thing . ''
` ` you have that thing wired ? ''
the damn thing looked like it had been made at a production plant and just pulled from its shipping box .
` ` no , i ' m not interested in selling this thing .
or , she realized - maybe for the first time with any clarity - fix the damn thing .
` ` you should be the one looking to sell this thing .
i 'll love that man until the day i die , but sometimes ... '' the ` ` barn '' was all metal and , from what she could see , brand - freaking - new , not a thing out of place .
but no one wanted the thing , and killing wroth seemed a bingo solution to them .
` ` i 'd destroy the thing if i saw it . ''
` ` put this thing in gear ! ''
` ` just give me the damn thing . ''
there , the only thing inside - a plain paper bag .
` ` the only thing i drink that 's not fresh from the vein is whiskey , '' he lied .
` ` does this thing still run ? ''
at that moment , more time to get attached to holly seemed just the thing .
` ` silk 's the only thing that should ever cover br**sts this beautiful . ''
` ` how old is that thing ?
so tell me how to get this thing started - ` ` another explosion above them .
the weapon was a thing of beauty to behold , glimmering in the light .
` ` if you knew what i went through to get to that goddamned thing , what i put my female through ... oh , and if you have n't noticed , your veyron 's missing , and it 's never f**king coming home - ` ` ` ` is someone out there ? ''
` ` if you knew what i went through to get to that goddamned thing , what i put my female through ... oh , and for the record , your vey - ron 's missing , and it 's never f**king coming home- '' ` ` /s someone out there ? ''
a tall brunette seemed just the thing ... ` ` may i wear it , mama ? ''
a stiff whiskey seemed just the thing .
the only thing she knew for certain ?
but they 're fighting with that gigantic horse thing .
` ` you ' ve only got so many shots with that thing . ''
` ` this thing wo n't make it that far ! ''
` ` ever hear about that magical thing called a coat ? ''
but robbie made sure we went past valeria 's crypt so he could see the same thing in lace .
making a statue come to life to torment pixies did n't sound like witch magic , but there were other things that had n't come out of the closet when the pixies , vampires , and witches had - things that would cause humans to raze the forests and plow the abandoned smaller towns into dust if they knew .
she would n't even be sitting up yet , just learning how push up on her palms and possibly reach for things .
cooper asked as he handed the squirming thing over .
maybe the thing really was a pet .
next to that long pointy ear of hers is probably a really good place to wedge things , he thought as he watched her floor - length , dexterous tail push aside the grimy plastic curtain so she could go through without touching it with her hands .
crap , i had to get rid of this thing , but it was n't like i could borrow a reaper 's amulet and return this one to kairos .
great , the thing belonged to the cupid union .
` ` maybe just being human is n't enough to use this thing , and that 's why i ca n't do anything with it , '' i said morosely as i swung my amulet , and josh perked up .
it 's not like this thing came with an instruction manual . ''
i had to find a way to make this work , to make a stronger connection between nakita 's amulet and myself so that i could break it - and i had to do it without claiming the deadly thing .
damn it , the thing had child locks .
my fingers trembled as i worked the door handle , finally getting the stupid thing open .
jenks screamed , the only thing not moving in the suddenly choking air .
` ` the withons are trying to stop you from getting this thing so they can shape the next two hundred years of elfdom , not you , eh ? ''
tapping a line , i made the appropriate ley - line gesture , and with the final words , leno cinis , i threw a ball of unfocused energy in on top to get the entire thing burning .
this thing was not going to fit in my mom 's cup holders , and i walked carefully to the door , opening it by leaning against it and walking backward .
get this thing off me ! ''
` ` you ' ve been nothing but a pain in the ass , '' she said as she grabbed her purse , just about the only thing she had since we 'd kidnapped her .
a demon killer is just the thing to keep you safe .
` ` you might be scared of that thing you all made , but i ' m not , '' i snapped .
i shouted at ku'sox , glad i 'd finally gotten rid of that headdress thing , now broken on the floor .
` ` that thing is a witch , '' he said , pointing at me .
` ` and she keeps trying to plant things .
i want to wear the tink - blasted thing ! ''
mind making this thing move ?
` ` i do n't know how to work this thing . ''
i ' ve almost got this thing calibrated , '' and my eyes flashed open .
` ` you know what the stupid thing is ?
whoever built this thing had n't made it to code .
i want to get this damn thing off , and it just keeps getting harder ! ''
the thing could probably stop a vampire .
ceri was beaming as she looked up from adjusting her boot , the sun glowing in her hair caught back in a veil / hat kind of thing .
the frail thing clashed with the leather , but immediately i felt a sense of relief in its shadow .
` ` you probably know better than i what these things can potentially do , '' i said as the scent of warm milk and chocolate hit me .
i had to get this thing off !
` ` i ' m not putting that thing on , '' i said , face hot as i backed away .
` ` for the moment , '' ku'sox muttered , echoing my thought , frowning as newt misted into existence beside dali , wearing exactly the same thing i was .
trent held the thing with two fingers .
` ` for the fairy - farting third time , will you shift the air currents in this thing ?
` ` you 're missing the point , itchy witch , '' he said , tossing the entire thing into the fire .
there 's either a room or a way out of here , and the bed is the only thing that could hide it . ''
the thing weighed a ton .
anyone else would look wrong with the ugly thing tucked atop their arm , but not david .
i watched , distaste growing , as landon casually moved the tiny thing to the top of the triangle , setting it inside the larger circle , but outside of the smaller one .
the chair was where my eyes landed and stayed , though ; the thing looked ominous with its straps and head brace , and my heart pounded .
we had to go - but i nearly lost it when trent pulled me close , smelling of green things and spice , his touch real and loving , reminding me of everything i wanted but was afraid to call my own .
shaking , i looked at it , wondering what the thing was made of .
the second demon was on her , the staff the only thing keeping it from her neck .
it did n't do much good , as the age - twisted thing went right back at her .
` ` it 's the only thing that does n't match from what i remember when bancroft taught it to my mother . ''
my god , the thing was a comfort trap .
i never liked that thing anyway . ''
gutter work , twisted from the heat , was the most recognizable thing .
` ` the only thing great power ever gave me was a dwindling bank account and a court order to stay out of san francisco .
` ` a forced confession means nothing , '' he said , and i wondered if the demons were working on some point - of - law thing they wanted to use somehow .
i had n't even know they had this kind of thing .
he could only see the top half of her , but judging by the fragility of her bone structure , she was a tiny thing .
she tried to reach up and push the stupid thing away , whatever it was , but her arm was even heavier .
that thing could n't be a snake .
he tossed the entire thing into an air pocket to be burned later .
why try to find another woman , an imitation , when he had the real thing already ?
` ` are n't you a pretty thing ? ''
and what was that warm thing pressed up against him ?
` ` before i answer your question , '' mckell said , catching her by the waist and holding her in place , ` ` you 're going to program my i d into that thing , so that i can come and go as i please . ''
ava fell against the back of the chair , and the stupid thing flattened like a cot .
the ugly thing was female ?
` ` i do n't have time for this , '' he muttered , trudging back into motion and side - stepping the stupid thing .
` ` we do n't have to get you a damn thing , '' dallas retorted .
had i tested the damn thing before i signed it out of a.i.r . ?
` ` take this damn thing off me . ''
i still wore the pink gown ; the flimsy thing had n't magically disappeared .
i kicked and clawed the hidden door to his office , but the stupid thing would n't budge .
bracing myself for what i was about to do , i bit my bottom lip , centered all of my strength , and jabbed the damn thing into my stomach wound .
he merely pushed to his feet , then dusted off his kilt ( or whatever the hell that skirt thing was called ) .
she did n't feel like an object , a machine , a thing to be used .
her right arm was n't the only thing comprised of unbendable , unbreakable titanium .
no telling what kind of expressions he would have been wearing if the thing had been turned on .
are n't you a pretty thing ? ''
a large king - size bed was the only thing between them .
one thing movies and books had gotten wrong was the fact that vampires were dead .
it 's just the only thing you own that 's made from real cotton .
and if you ever touch br - amy again or suggest such a thing to someone else , or hell , even breathe in her direction , i will return and finish what i ' ve started . ''
he 'd stopped watching a while ago , but still had n't turned the thing off .
i 'd done some stealing for myself throughout the years , clothes , shoes , that sort of thing , but time had n't been of the essence , so i 'd never really honed my skills .
` ` darling , just carry the thing already .
no one had used the thing in years , as proven by the rusty hinges .
he arched back and slammed forward again , then again , forcing his c**k against her with so much vigor she though he might break the thing in half .
` ` can you move that thing already ?
madame tremain had pinched the thing between her fingers and grimaced .
so throw this thing away , and we 'll go buy a real necklace . ''
now , to get the real thing , you had to pay - and pay out the ass .
they were the real thing , with paper pages , and colorful covers , not the electronic pads .
as tall and thickly muscled as hector was , encircled by such delicate , expensive things , he should have looked out of place .
this was the sexiest f**king thing he 'd ever seen .
she 'd looked forward to seeing him surrounded by his things , getting a tour of the place .
he punched the coordinates for noelle 's address , and the thing eased itself into motion , out of the parking lot and onto the road .
his phone rang and he whipped the thing from his pocket .
the same thing he 'd given her the day of ava 's wedding .
he could have hidden the thing in a pocket of air , dragging it with him wherever he went .
the sleeping area ; the sitting area , where a floral - printed couch formed a half circle on one side of a square glass table , while three chairs rounded things out on the other side ; and the kitchen .
he replaced the bottle 's stopper ; a moment later , the entire thing vanished .
` ` you are treating that thing as if it is a great treasure , '' he said .
this thing was a demon , and he 'd tricked her .
her gaze lowered and she watched the thing slither along the ground , unable to help herself .
burden lifted a pen from his desk and twirled the thing one way , then the other .
zacharel shouldered through the door , kicking the thing shut after dragging annabelle in with him .
she 'd never fired a gun before , was n't even sure the thing was loaded , but maybe the threat of being shot would be enough to send driana running .
a terrible habit , he thought , gently tugging the thing from between her teeth .
she swept through the surrounding area , gathering the things she needed : a canteen of water , a blanket and a bag to carry food .
` ` i do n't think we 're looking at the same thing , '' octavia said .
the thing she needed to stop herself from repeating this experience .
but , oh , the poor thing .
she had never worn such a thing before ; usually she draped herself in white , an angel among evil , with no adornment .
then someone else said , are n't you a pretty thing ?
i realize you came back to life because you 're an immortal demon warrior ... thing .
he did n't mind using it against others , but he hated when the stupid thing tried to weaken him .
` ` pretty thing .
it is time the damned thing was found .
not one of the warriors had been able to bring themselves to take any more of his freedom by binding him with the only thing that could truly hold him : unbreakable links forged by the gods .
we 're going through that thing . ''
there , in the corner , was a thin , waist - high ... thing .
she 'd chucked it at him , but the stupid thing had fallen to earth rather than hit him .
he 'd been a shy little thing back then , unsure , awkward and desperate for attention .
` ` let 's just get this thing to its proud new owner , '' she said on a shaky breath .
which was why he and the others had relinquished the comforts of their budapest home to spend the past three weeks searching every godsforsaken pyramid in egypt for ancient artifacts that would lead to the recovery of pandora 's box - the very thing hunters planned to use to destroy them .
poor thing did n't know what she 'd done or what she was saying .
only thing she 'd taken from him was clothing .
quite possibly the most exquisite thing he 'd ever beheld , all carnal pleasure and blissful decadence .
he willed it away , if only to relax her , but the stupid thing refused to obey , remaining long and hard and thick .
since he had the thing constructed , he somehow made sure it could n't be used against him . ''
that ... thing was a girl ?
you think a pretty little thing like me ca n't handle the truth .
within seconds , he had the entire thing drained .
for whatever reason , aeron did like the ... thing .
` ` that cute little thing can kill everyone here .
pretty thing , if you like 'em rough , but evidently she 's as crazy as the hunters . ''
that 's why the greeks had so quickly put her to death , the poor thing .
this is one thing i will see through no matter what you do to my book . ''
he 'd been tossing that thing all day , it seemed .
only thing that stopped him from withdrawing the thing that very second was the possibility that the hunters following him did n't know he had it .
only thing i could n't find was paper and a crayon .
every damn thing .
the luxury and wealth here made a mockery of the hovel she 'd scrimped and saved and final y managed to buy for herself , yet there was n't a damn thing she could use to aid her escape .
besides decapitation and other violent demises , that box was the only thing that could separate man from demon , wiping man from existence and unleashing the then - crazed demons on an unsuspecting world .
he loved the damn thing .
what was the use of having a demon if a man could n't use the damn thing 's abilities ?
` ` if the thing riding up her ass is a thong , whatdya cal that string across her ni**les ? ''
i also send newspaper clippings , photos , that sort of thing , to a mailbox nearby . ''
only a few seconds later , she realized amun had n't done the thing justice .
she was a tiny little thing , only reaching his shoulder , but damn was she curved .
how kaia had produced the thing , he did n't know and was n't going to ask .
the stupid thing looked like him and had clearly been stabbed .
i might not be able to break these chains , but that circle was the only thing preventing me from rampaging through the camp .
` ` do n't kill the messenger , but that thing will make you look like a cracked - out prom queen who has no plans to sleep with her boyfriend when the big dance ends - because she does n't have a boyfriend .
she wondered what he thought of her place , her things , and tried to see the room through his eyes .
okay , maybe not the white rug with two yellow pillows sewn at one end , so that the whole thing looked like eggs in a frying pan .
at the time , he had n't minded making the exchange because he 'd been pretty damn confident the unspoken ones would keep the thing to bargain with him later .
why was she so willing , so eager to give the thing away ?
a cross between a wedding invitation and a prescription medicine wrapper , the thing had been written in ancient greek .
another flick , another few inches , until the damn thing resembled an oversize police baton .
she would ' ve patted neeka on the back , but feared knocking the poor , shaking thing to her knees .
when i was fourteen , i wanted him to be my slave , to do my laundry , that kind of thing , so i tried to steal him and prove my worth .
to deliver her own vengeance , find closure , that sort of thing .
` ` where are you going to hide weapons in that thing ? ''
she withdrew a sucker from her pocket , the wrapper gone , and stuffed the thing in her mouth .
i did , but i had sabin there to tattoo over it if the stupid thing could n't be removed . ''
juliette was n't foolish enough to hide the thing under her makeshift mattress .
the thing had been dirty as hell anyway .
there was an hourglass on each end , the staff itself thin and wooden , but the thing had been made by the gods .
` ` so what does that thing do ?
` ` i do n't know how to use the damn thing .
she straightened , turned away from the portrait before she lost hours of her life puzzling over the thing .
if the damn thing had been hooked to a battery , she would have pulled the plug .
` ` -shut that damn thing up , '' cameo , keeper of misery , was saying as she snaked around the corner and stomped past him .
now william doubted his face would be the only thing rearranged .
he jerked back before she cut the thing in half .
she stalked to the dresser and shoved with all her might , knocking the thing to the ground .
he hit a few buttons , and then the thing was lifting and moving , giving him a grueling incline and a sprinting pace that felt unbelievably good .
he stashed the thing at his waist .
kane grabbed the canvas from william and stuffed it inside his own pack , then swung the whole thing over his back , using it as a shield , and lay flat on his belly .
besides , he 'd been searching for info since they 'd gotten the thing , and had n't found anything .
the crystals in the chandelier rattled powerfully - a second later , the entire thing dropped from the top level and fell down , down , down , crashing into the floor at the bottom .
how could she stand wearing that thing ?
scowling , eyes glowing bright red , synda removed one of her shoes and chucked the thing at kane 's head .
he dropped the thing with a thud .
with a curse , he tossed the thing aside and grabbed a new one from his box of spare parts .
trembling , she slid the thing onto kane 's finger , and finally he released her .
i 'll only want to super glue the thing to your finger . ''
thankfully , the thing went all the way through .
as soon as the blood stopped flowing , she would properly bandage the thing and change shirts .
he had shaken the entire cage - but he had n't even managed to turn the thing on its side .
not the clones all the farmers raise today , but the real thing .
she 'd left the thing at his feet .
little vika had carried this thing ?
he checked ... whatever it was called , the little round center that spun , before saying , ` ` i ' ve been carrying this thing around , vika . ''
solo finished eating and stuffed all the ` ` necessities '' back into the bag , as well as the blanket he 'd stolen , and hefted the stupid thing over his shoulder , then one rifle , then the other .
the only other thing she 'd brought , besides the items x had requested , were disposable cameras .
but where had she put the bloody thing ?
as he rubbed his erection into the cleft of her bottom - no way was that thing as big as it seemed to be - his fingers reached around to slide under her t - shirt .
he reached for the hem of her shirt , ready to tear the thing off her .
` ` i 'll be there first thing in the morning , '' he said , more sharply than he 'd intended .
after she pulled the thing over her head , he gently untangled her hair from the ear hooks .
` ` -please turn that thing off .
as she watched , he sent the thing high in the sky .
no explanation as to why the thing had been left for her , and no hint as to who ` ` i '' was .
she should have tossed the thing .
and perhaps that 's why the stupid thing had been given to her .
but then , she 'd practically made love to the thing .
she bent down , grabbed the strap of her pack and hefted the heavy thing onto her shoulder .
a friend of mine is dying and that gadget may be the only thing that can save him . ''
the thing was way too big , falling over her hands , but it would work until they could find something that fit her better .
that was the only thing that would satisfy this primal need .
machete - size , but with its blade edged in a double layer of sacred stones - obsidian and jade - it was the only thing he 'd found that could do the job .
` ` this thing 's tackier than my mama 's light - up lawn reindeer . ''
we can tell him this was closest thing we could find to the grinch . ''
a gorgeous thing like you ?
he flung the wicked thing across the alley , rolling to his feet .
` ` this old thing ?
i knew the damage the thing could do .
` ` are we supposed to hop on that thing ? ''
people used to ride that thing .
` ` it was the only thing that covered up the neck tattoo , okay ? ''
you 're dangerous with that thing . ''
` ` do n't point that thing at me .
it 's stupid to miss a thing when there are so many people to miss instead , but i miss this train already , and all the others that carried me through the city , my city , after i was brave enough to ride them .
` ` that , for example , was n't there when they installed this thing . ''
` ` how old is this thing ? ''
` ` someone actually made that into a thing ?
she 's in some sort of yellow skirt thing today , her tan legs stretched out , wrapped in a pair of tall brown sandals , and resting on a stool across from her .
` ` here 's one thing they ' ve sent . ''
you look best first thing in the morning . ''
` ` it 's like i ' m trying to fuck this thing off . ''
a call from colton first thing out of the shower pops the harlow bubble i ' ve been floating in , and brings me crashing , face - first back into reality .
the only thing i could have offered her .
` ` what does this thing look like ? ''
she fished in her purse , pulled out an iphone , and pressed one number as the bartender set down the orange thing she 'd ordered .
` ` i do n't get how a hot little thing like you is unattached .
a release form , that kind of thing ? ''
` ` that you ' ve got this sweet thing '' -he gestured to her head to toe- '' all dialed in .
every time she put a piece of this puzzle in its place , the damn thing popped back out again .
rachel picked up the first thing her hand landed on when it fell to the table - a napkin ring - and threw it at him .
` ` and we consulted with titan demolition together , but wes has never created an sop , and with consistent sixteen - hour workdays , he barely had enough time to tell me what should be in the plan , let alone write the damn thing .
` ` if you can set up the explosive lockers tomorrow first thing , '' ryker told charlie , ` ` it will free me up to work on the action - sequence plan with rachel . ''
he cleaned her scrape with hydrogen peroxide , pulled the skin together , and secured it there with steri strips , then covered the whole thing with a couple of band - aids .
he needed to get that thing up for sale .
he took it straight from her hand and tipped it back , taking the whole thing in one swallow .
i 'd been wearing the damn thing for two hours and was glad it was finally off .
` ` it 's about the only thing on this island that 's covered . ''
thick reddish sauce clung to the cracked , greasy skin of the thing .
maybe i 'd still lose this damn thing after all .
i did n't blame jendan - hell , i wanted to throw up just looking at the damn thing myself .
` ` you need one big thing , '' i said , pointing to a spot to the right and below the center of the image .
setting the stick in the corner with the others , i said , ` ` do n't you want me to look at that thing you 're working on ? ''
it was embarrassing to be using something that was for senior citizens , but my grandmother had insisted on buying one for me , and the thing was more practical than carrying bags all the way home .
the thing that actually pays - not that working at the bar was n't decent , but you girls make way more tips than an ugly guy like me . ''
` ` i call it the fucking thing .
as in , hand me the fucking thing already , so i do n't bend over and give all you perverts a good view of my ass . ''
the box of tissues had been commandeered for the bathroom , so i grabbed the nearest soft thing and shot a payload into it .
i wanted to pick up the nearest thing and smash it into his stupid face , but i just sat there , quietly pretending to watch the tv .
she pointed to her pale pink dress , the prettiest thing she had .
` ` i 'll start from scratch , and i 'll give the restaurant the kind of cheesy thing they want , a copy of a famous work of art .
look at the size of that thing .
you 're some ... thing who was apparently trapped by some men- '' ` ` dark priests , actually .
` ` would you please put some clothes on and stop waving that thing in my face ? ''
i sat up , grabbed a stretchy rubber band thing i 'd found in the bathroom , and wrangled my madness of curls into a ponytail .
` ` where 'd you get that thing anyway ? ''
` ` we can run the tests first thing in the morning at our clinic . ''
boy , that thing had to be getting full .
` ` take that disgusting thing off !
and yes , the world had changed as helena rightly pointed out - women worked and led their households , giant metal birds flew in the sky , and this thing called electricity powered everything under the sun - but killing these cretins was something familiar and noble .
i tattooed the goddamned thing on his chest so he would n't forget .
cimil had a cruel sense of humor to create a spell using those words , but she was beyond twisted for tattooing the damned thing on his arm .
i threw the only thing i had : the towel .
i said aloud , spinning my ring , the one my mother gave me - damn thing would n't come off - while i stared at the little white plastic stick sitting on the edge of the sink .
but not because i give a shit about you - emma promised to do that thing with her tongue if i played nice . ''
a very , very naughty christmas tree that wanted to do dirty , dirty things to a very sexy man 's candy cane ; a man who most certainly was n't santa .
the damned thing was like a goddamned mayan rubik 's cube .
` ` it 's like the damned thing is alive , '' he muttered to himself .
now turn that thing off , we have work to do .
her body lit up knowing that the only thing between them would be a pair of leather pants .
maybe they were right ; she 'd been wearing the damned thing for a few centuries .
* * * alone in the prison cell , antonio laid the tablet on the cold cement floor and stared at the thing .
she started up the coffee machine , poured in fresh grounds , and prayed the thing did n't crap out on her again .
she rolled over and looked at the clock-8:00 a.m. she reached for her phone on the nightstand and stared at the thing .
she 'd just checked the damned thing a few days ago .
he stepped back , not wanting to poke her with the f**king thing .
` ` and i did n't carry the damned thing around like a scepter or make oceans gush from the ground with it .
a bright red painting of some pre - hispanic dog hung on the wall next to a large flat thing .
` ` lady , i do n't know what the hell you were doing there - goddamned strangest thing i ' ve ever seen - but take it somewhere else . ''
i pulled a sharpened pencil from the holder - the only other thing on my desk aside from the phone and lamp - and began flicking the unused eraser against my palm .
i let her know i was staying a few blocks from the embassy off the paseo de la reforma , so i 'd see her first thing in the morning .
the damned thing was the temple of the cross .
i grabbed the photo and stared at the thing .
i did n't know , but the thing had power , and it was not my imagination .
` ` i do n't have a f**king clue , but when i held that thing in my hand , it practically burned a hole right through it .
it was like the damned thing wanted to be there .
i shook my hand , trying to get the creepy thing off while unlocking the door , but it just would n't budge .
the damned thing was stuck .
it had to weigh over ten pounds , so i lugged it over to the armchair and sat , opening the enormous thing on my lap .
you do n't expect me to hold the thing on my lap , do you ? ''
the only other place that i knew of where king stored his things were the shelves downstairs .
i bolted downstairs and found the thing rolled up on a shelf near the front door .
` ` you 're beautiful first thing in the morning .
the only thing i was finding so far were tacky and not at all with the pink and punk theme we had going on for today 's rush event .
he looked downright edible first thing in the morning .
` ` now i have to pack the damn thing over again , '' i complained , picking up my clothes off of the floor .
i know , party foul , but i was n't the ass**le that had propped the stupid thing up on cinderblocks at the top of a steep incline .
annoyed that maysie dropped her moving out bomb on me first thing this morning .
a thin strip of fabric the only thing separating us .
the only thing cole ever bought me was a box of condoms and a hard time .
just the thing to push them over the edge , '' i supplied .
and i was beginning to think i knew exactly what that thing was .
stop overanalyzing and think with that thing that beats in your chest .
i said noncommittally , though i knew i 'd be hunting him down in the hallways first thing on monday morning .
he was already up and showered and he looked amazing for first thing in the morning .
` ` you are not taking that thing .
yeah , they were n't the sexiest thing i owned , but i hoped wearing them might make me feel better .
i ca n't believe she actually drove around in that thing .
and the whole thing rocked .
i felt like things were starting to all fall into place .
i gave it to him , wishing he 'd let me burn the stupid thing .
she held up three fingers in the girl scout promise thing .
why was i hanging onto this thing ?
` ` you are absolutely not paying for a thing .
and it 's not like i even know where to send the stupid thing , so i just thought you could give it to him .
that thing that got you up in the morning and made living that much easier .
she was dressed in her typical gypsy getup , complete with flowing skirts and some crazy scarf thing around her neck .
the thing to stop me from obsessing about maggie may young for the rest of the night .
but if you are set against returning to grayson , i think we need to put some things into place to ensure you wo n't relapse .
but damned if i did n't miss the stupid thing .
do you ever clean that thing out ? ''
you owe me , man , '' daniel said , handing me the thing he had to wade through traffic for .
` ` you are so going to get lucky in that thing later , '' she promised running her hands up my shirt .
if it were up to me , i would have grabbed the first thing i saw , but every time we went shopping , katie insisted we try on everything .
` ` did you think i was going to let my baby girl ride in that old thing ? ''
soon my things were loaded into the trunk of the taxicab that sat waiting to take me away from my home .
it was the only thing open , and nobody seemed to care that i should n't be there .
it was single - handedly the most arousing thing i 'd ever seen .
her face , even broken and dried with her blood , was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
i cupped the whole thing in my hand and gently squeezed .
` ` i would be rid of it if i could , but the damned thing wo n't come off .
on a whim i type ` ` eight - pointed black star tattoo arm thing '' into google image and get an assortment of people showing off their new tattoos as well as a handful of academic explanations about how eight - pointed stars normally represent chaos .
the one thing i can see clearly is the window across the way .
the only thing i had to prove that what we 'd shared had been real .
i tried to smack his hand as he crammed the entire thing into his mouth .
this morning when i 'd talked to him on the phone , he asked me to wear the same thing i 'd worn to the party last friday .
the girl was all legs and undeniably the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
she was such a jumpy thing .
i grabbed the stupid white thing she had buried in the covers .
` ` i ruin every f**king thing i touch , aly , and i refuse to ruin you . ''
` ` i ' ve never seen anyone who can draw like you ... ever since you were just a tiny thing ... always drawing . ''
afterward i walked out of that building with my license thinking i was the coolest f**king thing in the world . ''
my hands were n't the only thing to twitch .
i hope it turns out well ... ... that thing has been sitting in brine all night .
` ` we knock all of this out ... open the whole thing up ... make it one big room . ''
the only thing covering that delicious body was a towel , the tiny scrap of material wrapped under her arms .
happily giving up an entire saturday for us , everyone had shown up first thing this morning to set up .
even in her distress , she was still the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` mommy and daddy wil be at aunt natalie 's and uncle matthew 's first thing in the morning to pick you up , okay ? ''
so maybe crackers were about the only thing i 'd seen on my search that i 'd be inclined to suggest elizabeth put in her body .
was it wrong that i found that bump the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen ?
i 'll come get you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you 're not the shy , meek little thing i thought you were , are you ? ''
so , like , sneak through the window sort of thing ? ''
emily cursed , fumbling with the tray , nearly dropping the whole thing as she placed it on the counter in front of our designated lane at the bowl .
wash this thing .
` ` i only have this ugly red thing that i wore when i was twelve .
` ` i ' m just trying to get this damn thing to go in . ''
` ` they 're gon na put her on a breathing thing . ''
what was that thing in there - what were you thinking when mike said you had to meet eileen ? ''
the butterfly took flight , leaving me alone with this mysterious silver thing hiding in the earth .
she held up a small , grey gun - looking thing and grinned .
` ` this - the movie , the big screen - even that thing you play the movie through . ''
` ` do you have any idea how hard it was to get that thing out by myself ? ''
i held up an imaginary tiny thing between my fingers , ` ` he needs to chill out .
a white nightdress was the only thing covering my lustful , sinning body as i stumbled through the halls toward the gates of release .
i think she has thing for mike .
` ` it 's this lighthouse thing . ''
` ` i do n't believe your blue light thing is actually meant to be used as a weapon . ''
if you can figure out how to make me melt stone again , that'd- '' ` ` i ' m more worried about your headaches , right now , sweet girl , '' he said , and turned away to scribble things down .
` ` it 's this great monstrosity of a thing , '' she added .
the silly - looking thing helps with the laundry . ''
such a sweet innocent thing she was .
and for that moment , i did n't even feel as if i had the right to pick the damn thing up .
` ` so much trouble was caused over that damn thing . ''
i love that thing . ''
so i go to a mirror and i look up my nose and i see this big thing in there , like a huge booger , and so i reach in and i pull out a perfectly wrapped hershey 's kiss chocolate candy .
i hate that thing , '' she says .
i picked up the nearest thing i could find - a wood carving of a giant mahogany fish that mom and dad bought on their honeymoon - and was about to slam it into her face , but dad got there just in time and pulled me off her .
blow the whole thing up .
` ` i ' m just pumped to get this thing up , you know ? ''
the only thing we can do is cover up the smell somehow , and avoid the area until the thing rots completely .
the spike is the funky 1960s green thing we put on top of the tree instead of an angel or a star .
he worked with the shop teacher to figure out how to support the thing , and they drew a plan together .
and i had to wear the stupidest uniform on the planet - a brown 100 % polyester apron - style wraparound skirt thing with a white blouse underneath .
i pressed stop and stuck the whole thing in my pocket .
he has self - decorated the entire interior with sharpie marker manga - style drawings and it is the coolest thing ever .
now , there 's a red - headed woodpecker making the thing swing , and cardinals dot the forest scrub with red coats , waiting until the bigger birds have their fill .
i did n't tell him about the paper airplanes , though , because i knew it would hurt him that a bunch of ass**les stole a sacred dietz thing .
corso sat at the desk , his legs open wide , straddling the entire thing , as if his crotch was the mouth of a giant whale , and had his arms crossed across his chest .
i reminded myself that the one thing jenny flick could n't buy , no matter what she used as currency , was a ticket to drive on the high road next to people like me .
they seem to be old nature manuals : how to navigate cross - country with nothing but a needle and a magnet , that kind of thing .
` ` yeah , well , this is just the kind of thing i need to get for the website , '' ethan replies easily .
` ` do n't point that thing at me ! ''
` ` they still have that ol ' thing around ? ''
but despite my perfectly reasonable grounds for despair , mom bursts into my room first thing monday morning and yanks my curtains back .
sure , you think i jest , but you have n't seen the thing - a looming silver monstrosity of dials and switches and funnels , all which ( if caressed in just the right way ) supposedly work to produce totally wired 's famed coffee , ` ` the best in new england . ''
` ` what are you doing , trying to fly that thing ? ''
` ` try hitting the thing , '' josh suggests .
you ' ve been checking that thing , like , every two minutes . ''
` ` i do n't think i can keep ... '' ` ` i swear , this thing is like a portal to some other dimension . ''
` ` i do n't know , it 's kind of nice , to have a thing like that .
i unplugged my computer that first night and have n't touched it since , instead , filling my evenings with gritty cop shows on tv ( the least romantic thing i can find ) and reading my way through mom 's extensive library of self - help books .
there 's a foghorn blare , and then the players whip around on the ice , sticks at the ready , moving so fast i can barely keep track of the tiny black puck thing .
josh pulls on his baseball cap and his apron - a black full - length thing covered with band graffiti and random doodles in wite - out .
then i realize that i lost those things weeks ago , scrambling on the coffee shop floor .
` ` and this thing ...
` ` awww , poor thing .
` ` but i made it to the third round of callbacks on the last thing i went out for , remember that cough syrup ad ? ''
` ` yeah , well , what did you want us to see , that french thing ? ''
` ` look , just leave the thing alone .
` ` well , it 's kind of an important cause , so ... '' i ' m not lying - the angry feminists may have sucked all the life out of the thing , but i do actually see their point .
totes_tasha : lil thing called the global exchange info pack : - ) totes_tasha : so , any crazy parties planned ?
` ` so this thing ca n't do any more damage . ''
it was first thing in the morning , and she had n't even climbed out of bed before her phone began to ring .
we should still do the barbecue idea though ; stefan loves firing up that thing . ''
kieran was a gangly , sharp - eyed boy in his late teens whose strange intensity should make him a sure thing for the catalog of damaged serial - killers - in - the - making that those gruesome crime dramas demanded , but who had been sent instead to read for an ever - thinning list of bumbling comedy roles in second - rate soap operas and ( alice blinked at the print ) children 's shows .
` ` and so i said to sir kenneth , if you expect me to put that thing in my mouth- '' she broke off , looking at alice with confusion .
put that thing away and tell me about what 's happening with nick savage . ''
` ` chris is having a brunch thing tomorrow , '' ella said , collecting her things .
' it is a shame that such a pretty little thing - one day perhaps a beautiful thing - was ruined , do n't you think ? '
' it is a shame that such a pretty little thing - one day perhaps a beautiful thing - was ruined , do n't you think ? '
' can i max that thing out ? '
slipping the shoe off , i hopped on one foot , emptying the flimsy thing of a pebble .
it was a dumpy thing , no more than a foot long , and tapered from the thickness of my fist to a shard that looked like it could be snapped off .
` ` now , why is a sweet thing like you perving ?
` ` we 'll find the damn thing , '' he muttered to himself .
` ` unless you 'd been sitting on the damn thing , a blast that small would n't kill you .
was that before or after the thing blew up ? ''
me , i got sent to quantico as a ' civilian aid ' sort of thing until burns found me and convinced me the bureau might be entertaining .
he looked at his card in annoyance , realizing that he 'd put it in his wallet with his credit cards and probably demagnetized the damn thing .
` ` the one thing in this place that 's built solid , '' he muttered as he looked around for something to use .
` ` when he drives , there 's a cane and his shovel in that thing . ''
` ` what kind of damage can he do with that thing ? ''
he 'd never get that thing back .
since he had n't , she moved on to the one thing she knew always helped ty when he was antsy .
` ` i ' ve slept on rocks more comfortable than that thing ! ''
chester grady woke at the drop of a feather and would whack you in the face with that thing first and then wait until morning when it was light to see who you were and if you needed an ambulance .
he was almost certain now a portion of the thing was drawn in crayon .
but i ai n't never seen marijuana growers use that kinda thing . ''
` ` let me have the damn thing , '' he muttered as he pulled his hand away from zane and stood slowly .
` ` the only thing i have to wear that '' s thick enough to conceal a gun is that tux . ''
he tossed the thing to the side so he could kiss ty gently and pull him close again .
when ty sat on the end of the bed - or what he assumed was the end of the bed , since the damn thing was round - he simply hung his head and leaned over .
the damn thing was rubber and kept sticking to him .
getting into this thing was more work than the diving would be .
he ducked behind the desk and cursed inwardly when he realized there was no back to the damn thing .
ty took the chance and crawled across the floor to the bed , intending to slide under it before he remembered that the damn thing was on a solid pedestal .
tys chair always squeaked because he was so damn hard on the thing , always moving around and fidgeting .
he d driven up to zane as he sat on his motorcycle - ty still could nt believe he rode the damn thing in the dry winter cold - and was met with a sardonic smile .
he cursed when he could nt get the thing to snap in two like it was supposed to , and he pulled out another one and tried to snap it instead .
i was practically laying on the damn thing last night , '' ty muttered .
zane had no doubt ty would try to put the flames out himself and probably go down in a fiery blaze of glory trying to save the damn thing .
he never wore the damn thing unless ty nagged him about it .
ty shook against him , adrenaline obviously fueling him , and he held the flashing thing up again .
he did nt think he could , and forcing the wrong stone to shift could bring the whole thing down .
` ` this damn thing has so many hidey holes i ca n't remember which one i put it in . ''
and shave that damn thing off in the morning , huh ? ''
` ` i ' m telling you , zane , if there 's one thing west virginia knows , it 's snow .
the trunk opened , and julian could feel them removing things from the back to transfer .
` ` where did you find this thing ? ''
` ` yes , i was forced to drag along behind him as he rid the room of every single shiny thing , '' julian said .
` ` it 'll take them some time to figure out who 's where and what 's missing , enough time for us to get somewhere and disable the gps in this thing .
` ` this thing got a pump ? ''
how do we dismantle this thing ? ''
` ` let 's go drive that thing into the harbor and see how long it takes the insurance adjustor to get there , '' he said , his eyes shining just enough to make zane fear he might actually do it .
it was possible they could replace a few sheets of the corrugated tin , but more likely they 'd need to do the whole thing .
` ` we 're gon na tear the whole thing up and replace anything that 's rotted , '' earl said as he handed ty a crowbar .
` ` she did love a shiny thing , my evie , '' chester said with a smile .
` ` you realize i 'll be cutting this thing off with my strider in about two more days , right ? ''
` ` you cut that thing off , grady , i will break your other hand . ''
` ` how much longer are you in that thing ? ''
the hat , the compass rose pendant , and the grin were the only things ty wore now .
in the back lot , half visible from their parking spot , sat a handful of battered , vintage airstream trailers of various sizes that gave the whole thing a very north texas , you're - about - to - be - abducted - by - aliens vibe .
` ` do n't you have some sort of motorized ... dune buggy thing ? ''
` ` watch where you aim that damn thing ! ''
` ` i told you we should have cut this f**king thing off , zane ! ''
this is what the damn calendar thing was for ? ''
` ` we did n't touch a thing , just tried to lock it down until you got here , '' nick assured the man .
` ` what hoodoo thing ? ''
you and i will go down there and turn this thing in .
if not ... maybe we can use the fbi thing to slip past it .
it was just about the only thing ty could drink while on the job , because while absinthe did get you drunk , it also made you unusually lucid , creating the illusion of a waking dream .
` ` rome was n't the only thing that burned in a day , '' zane replied evenly .
` ` i have a bunch of ear buds , a few other things , '' digger said .
'cause i ca n't see shit through this thing . ''
he looked through all of ty 's books , finding half a dozen with cutouts and things hidden in them : passports , lockbox keys , money from several different countries , a flash drive , the emblem from the grill of the bronco , and one of elias sanchez 's dog tags .
` ` you should have kept that skull bandana , zane , it was the hottest thing i 'd ever seen . ''
` ` i swear to god this thing opened a door earlier . ''
` ` what , does that thing not work when i ' m talking ?
rolled right out of that thing and took the covers with me .
now it looked like nick was driving the damn thing .
` ` i ' m not getting on that thing , '' ty insisted .
` ` this thing is password protected , '' kelly finally said .
` ` okay , i got around the basic password protection , but there 's a little extra encryption on this thing , '' zane finally told him .
she was n't even holding the damn thing the right way .
every step jarred his shoulder , but he knew putting the damn thing back in by himself would just risk permanent damage .
` ` i realized the one thing fell 's point did n't really have , '' ty said , his voice sincere and hopeful , ` ` was a bookstore . ''
` ` um '' -i rattle her hand with mine- '' sorry , but this thing is on . ''
she has her yankee candle collection lining the expanse of the mahogany with her plug in waterfall constructed from mid - eastern stones , and the whole thing feels rather zen .
this thing is the size of a dictionary .
he points to the table , and i turn the whole thing over without hesitating , but the music keeps firing from the speakers like a machine gun blast .
it was a thing of beauty , a place of refinement , and here celestra and their crapfest have ruined it all .
` ` the only reason i brought her here was because i knew you would lay your life down if she were in danger - and you let her go after that thing ? ''
` ` i write silly things on the back of leaves and give them to you . ''
there 's not a thing on my person i could use as a weapon unless you count the lip gloss in my pocket , and judging by all the loose hairs clinging to my mouth for dear life , it might prove to be great ammunition .
this creature , this thing , looks like he could be anybody 's grandfather - a slightly decrepit grandfather , but still .
lacey would have nightmares for weeks if she laid eyes on that thing .
the old me would ' ve have hidden things in discrete places .
then the unthinkable happens , and fletch actually wraps the thing around his neck accompanied by a bona fide girl twirl .
53 spooky hollow the next night , flynn collects what little remains of his sister 's belongings and places it in a giant black trash bag - nothing but paperbacks and few stray purses since the wardrobe magician ensured her things disappeared , too .
it 's a thing of beauty , a gift from my sister .
` ` you 'd make a bazillion dollars with that thing . ''
` ` it 's the closest thing we have to a candle . ''
i ' m hoping i did n't throw away the countless hours i spent on the thing , but i felt pretty passionate about it at the time .
i open my laptop in haste , and it takes a minute for the damn thing to blink to life .
` ` do you see the shipping on that thing ? ''
i whip out my visa and pay for the damn thing .
trust me , there 's not a thing under ten bucks in that place .
it takes a hell of a lot of self - control not to shove the entire thing into my mouth .
i should have known cruise was too big for that thing .
then i 'll have my formatter piece the entire thing together and you 'll have a genuine book on your hands .
` ` you ' ve really got that thing packed to the hilt .
and if that does n't work , i 'll turn the whole damn thing into a bonfire if i have to , right after i make sure we have fire insurance .
` ` dude , you know if just one of those pussies says you hurt 'em , they 're going to own the freaking thing and you 'll be the one being evicted . ''
` ` you were n't planning on wearing that thing today anyway . ''
i ' m homeless , and the only thing i own in the world is this little black dress . ''
it 's not things or fancy houses that make the world go around , ally , it 's love - and it just so happened this place did n't have any . ''
my senses light up with the scent of sugar and spice and all things delicious as only my mother can make .
` ` this thing . ''
ellis pops up from under the table with the rubber in hand and kisses the damn thing like it was a girl .
my mother would say the whole thing 's gaudy , but i find it fascinating - eccentric .
if i have to , i 'll lock michelle in a closet and ransack the place until i find the damn thing - resorting to the temporary imprisonment of a cheerleader , and petty theft , does n't seem like that big of a deal in comparison to losing the girl i want to spend my life with .
` ` you get paid to talk on that thing ? ''
one thing is for sure .
` ` that thing is like the waldorf astoria on wheels .
i do n't plan on telling her i ' m still nursing an injury from earlier this summer - that the damn thing just wo n't heal .
the darn thing was like a vacuum for lost souls the way it sucked them out of the room in ten seconds flat .
` ` giselle '' -i flatten my palms over the table to keep from shaking her- '' he wants to put things in you .
poor thing is reliving a nightmare .
there 's not a thing i would do to speed along fate .
i watch as my body evaporates from underneath her , and i want to break every damn thing in this room because i ' ve truly left skyla alone in the world , in rome no less .
` ` turn that thing around . ''
` ` why does he have that thing ? ''
i remember when i put this thing together .
it 's as if it has some serious rebound properties , and no matter how many times i take the thing away , it crops right back on her person as if it belonged there - although , she looks lucid , not at all hysterical .
and if she already has , i bet the poor thing is probably trying to poke her eyes out with her keys just from witnessing the spectacle .
` ` dr . oliver locks that thing down like fort freaking knox . ''
` ` aww , what 's a cute little thing like you doing in my bitchy sister 's bedroom ? ''
` ` sorry , but this thing is on . ''
maybe i will give the damn thing to mia .
that head thing ?
` ` gage always did have a special thing for skyla .
i should probably let the thing go .
` ` i ' m not sure why you bothered to solder that thing to your body .
god knows it 's going to tear her to pieces if she tries to push that thing out .
` ` let me set this thing down , '' a male voice booms through the speakers .
honest to god if that thing lands on gage , i will seriously suspect foul play .
` ` where the hell did this thing come from ? ''
` ` how about consulting with a little thing called our checkbook to familiarize yourself with the balance ?
` ` what the hell is that thing on your head ? ''
gage hits the fire alarm with a broom a few times and the damn thing shuts up but not before leaving its calling card in my ear .
this thing has some serious static cling . ''
` ` bury the damn thing . ''
trust me , you 'll regret ever setting eyes on the thing .
` ` levatio has this thing , '' he says , gazing past me at the scenery a moment .
i was able to prove there was no way i lugged that thing to school , nor did i plan on stabbing you in the gut with it .
i liked that thing , '' i shout , trying to inject a little semblance of sanity into the moment .
` ` might i suggest you forget you ' ve ever set foot in here , and please , for the love of all things holy , stay away from that thing , '' he nods in the direction of the mirror .
i was totally hopped up on life once chloe was no longer an active participant , in this realm anyway , and ended up cataloging every freaking thing in that gargantuan antique desk .
` ` outside with that thing , '' tad bellows over the noise .
there is no way in hell i ' m letting chloe haul that thing into her bedroom .
` ` i have to stick him in the heart with that thing ? ''
` ` i ' m going to have you checked out first thing next week .
for god 's sake , if it comes into your possession , do n't put the darn thing on . ''
` ` i bet it 's a cast version of the real thing , '' nat comes in close to examine it .
` ` if chloe takes me on this thing , you know she 's going to push me off . ''
i try to unclasp her necklace , but she 's gone and soldered the thing on , just like chloe .
a small rattle looking thing , circular with a long handle and something inside of it pounds the walls of the metal surface as though it were trying to escape .
you know how like babies sleep in this tiny little thing before they get into a crib ?
there is no way in hell i ' m letting mia take advantage of that thing .
i loved this thing , so did he .
` ` yeah well , if she knew how much we paid to have that thing stripped and painted she 'd probably want the cash for that ' 66 mustang .
where did you get that thing ? ''
` ` but , '' tad pauses in reflection , ` ` they were closed because of the holiday , so i just got rid of the thing myself . ''
` ` i drove the damn thing down to the animal hospital . ''
drake does n't seem all that freaked out that the only thing his dad ate for dinner was ten inches of stainless steel .
i do n't even know if it 's the type of thing pregnant women keep - a stick full of pee , but if it were mine and it meant gage and i were about to have a baby , i think i would .
he gave it back to me , '' her voice sounds distant , wholly removed from her person , and suddenly i ' m wondering if she should be in the facility with that thing on .
you always have that thing handy ? ''
` ` be forewarned , pop quiz first thing monday morning . ''
i 'll plant pot all over her room before they ship me off and set the damn thing on fire if i have to .
dear god , just being seen in that thing could socially isolate me .
it 's a thing !
only i wo n't have to wear that choker thing . ''
this thing is rife with engine problems , torn upholstery , stinks like a cigarette burial ground , and i swear it hobbles .
` ` it 's totally hot , plus it 'll cover that thing that looks like a zipper on your neck . ''
` ` this thing .
` ` look at that thing ! ''
` ` personally , i do n't understand why you just do n't burn the darn thing , and leave the pendant on the floor . ''
i pan the area , but there 's no dresser , not one thing of great heft that could keep someone out .
a set of double wood doors with tiny , boxed shaped windows is the only other thing around .
i grab the first thing available - a long twisted piece of metal with a spear like tip .
my thumb glides over a bump near the bottom , and the thing starts spinning .
i glance back at the valets with their white shirts rolled up at the elbows , their dark pressed pants and note he 's wearing the exact same thing .
she would pack a lunch , crazy things like melon kabobs , and all of the locals would ask where we got them .
bella snatches up her things up in a fury as if they were about to fall into a wood chipper .
he shrugs off his efforts like they were no big deal when we both know they were - candles , flowers , and bedding are n't things typical guys would remember to bring along on a date .
the scary thing is , warren would probably go along with it because a wife is just another thing you acquire on your way to prison for orchestrating a ponzi scheme .
` ` oh wait , the only thing i do n't shave is my- '' ` ` exactly .
he shrugs off his efforts like they were no big deal when we both know they were - candles , flowers , and bedding are n't things a typical guy would remember to bring along on a date .
she squeezes the poor thing until it launches right out of its casing and into my chest .
my head has been on fire ever since we got off that thing , and i ' ve got these insane cramps . ''
the mccarthy 's hired a decorator to come out and festoon the place with all things americana , not to mention the expensive floral arrangements dripping in the center of each table - white lilies mixed with blood red roses .
when roxy was coming to the studio she was a shy , sweet thing , and now she 's a gorgeous - as - all - hell goth girl who looks like she 'd gut you for kicks if you smile the wrong way .
` ` plus , i 'd have to dust off my bombshell bra , and that thing really cuts into my back . ''
` ` she 's got this thing . ''
my phone buzzes softly from somewhere on my bed , and i slap around until i locate the damn thing .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i ' m done with that thing forever .
it 's the only thing i ' ve seen you eat since you ' ve been here . ''
harry and sally have a thing , but cole and angel do not have a thing .
he flips a switch , and the miniature lights go on in a rainbow seizure , blinking and winking , and , dear god , is that thing spinning ?
my trunk is already locked and loaded with her things , and i ca n't wait to spend the rest of winter break with her in my penthouse - with me - right where she belongs .
i bet the poor thing never wears a bikini .
i withhold the urge to wave at thing one and thing two .
i withhold the urge to wave at thing one and thing two .
the only thing i feel like slapping silly is jeanie .
` ` what the hell 's that thing hanging off your face ? ''
hopefully she 'll pole vault her way to friendlier pastures with that thing .
` ` hey , this thing is rigged .
` ` you 'll finish your back off sleeping on that thing , not to mention what you 're doing to the couch . ''
besides , i ' m sure whatever stupid satanic ritual aubree dreamed up wo n't take up an entire hour , and , then , i 'll finally have a place of my own , free from overprotective brothers , not to mention the romping roommate i 'll be leaving behind at prescott hall , although a small part of me will miss thing one and thing two , perversely entertaining as they were .
it takes everything in me not to give a friendly wave over to thing one and thing two .
it takes everything in me not to give a friendly wave over to thing one and thing two .
i give a little wave at the two of them , but my attention gravitates to thing one who has cleverly raised an eye at me and is bouncing away , happy to see me .
she waves me off and leans heavily into luke as thing one and thing two campaign shamelessly for his attention - by the way , luke totally looks as if he 's enjoying it .
thing one and thing two peek out from their frilly , lacy storehouse , surprised by this turn of events , because , clearly , i ' ve offended them .
just swallow the thing so we can both get off this damn bridge . ''
my curiosity acted for me as my arm went out to inspect the thing - but just as my fingers slightly stroked it , adrian groaned and i jumped back , realising what it was .
i asked in shock as i heard another thing break in the house .
there had to be at least 400 dvd cases in this thing !
i wonder what else was behind that thing ... my curiosity faded as i sighed and looked back at the computer screen in front of me , clicking on the email icon .
white furniture was scattered all over the light brown polished wooden floor , with an island bench being the only thing separating the living room from the kitchen .
` ` but ames , it 's been an entire month since i became jobless , and this is the only thing i can find ! ''
i ignored his question and continued folding my clothes and packing them on the shelf of adrian 's walk - in wardrobe ; another thing he insisted i use .
how fancy is this thing ? ''
david 's smug smile pulled apart the last string that was holding my patience together , and i grabbed the nearest thing to me - which happened to be a lamp - and launched it in his direction .
making that freaking thing open up for a freaking head to pop out of while you stand and watch !
just pull the stupid thing out ! ''
` ` i did n't even know the damn thing existed until after my parents died , ty .
i want to try every single kinky thing you ' ve written in that book with you .
` ` i 'll buy you a whole roll of the shit , open the damn thing ! ''
` ` then i went shopping for my sister 's birthday gift , and found the perfect thing . ''
and i enjoy taking day trips around the area to take photos of flowers and just pretty things in general . ''
you ' ve had that thing pointed at me more than anything else in the three days we ' ve been here . ''
and then my eyes zero in on his impressive erection - holy moses , what that thing does to me - and i gasp at the silver metal in the tip .
` ` how do i maneuver around this thing ? ''
i smile and gather my coffee and things i need for the meeting .
he smiles and shrugs , and i relax until i see him pick up a gun - like thing and come toward me .
` ` you 're going to try to kill me with that thing , are n't you . ''
we 'll have to put some of your things at my place too , in case we end up there . ''
the woman does n't go far without that thing .
i have a feeling that thing is past the point of return . ''
some idiot has bid ten grand on this thing already . ''
` ` i do n't think i can gracefully sit on that thing in this dress , '' i say to the audience with a smile , earning laughter and applause .
the balcony is the best thing i ' ve seen so far .
on the way back from the market today , matt stopped by his place to grab a change of clothes and a few of his things for another night away from home .
` ` i thought this damn thing would cover my belly . ''
my eyes move over to his ... thing and i feel them widen in surprise .
she 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever tasted and the noises coming from her make my cock throb .
if i ' m being honest with myself , those precious seconds are the only reason i still walk across this damn thing every day .
it 's not any fancy thing , but according to mrs . leighton , dressing nicely makes it special , so that 's what we do .
it 's the most conservative thing in my closet .
mr . turner will never let you in the construction area in those things . ''
the only thing i contributed to the evening was cake .
the first thing i built was a lopsided birdfeeder .
piles of wood scraps , random tools and boxes covering the whole thing .
it was just this flat , hard , disk - shaped thing .
the only thing i ' ve ever seen him drool over as much has four legs and is made of mahogany but i do n't think he 's planning to ask it out any time soon . ''
` ` is this the only thing you have ?
` ` it was the only thing on the wall .
` ` i ' m not putting my mouth on that thing . ''
she locks the door behind me and throws her purse onto the front table along with a can of pepper spray and that baton key holder thing she always carries around .
she picks up the baton thing and starts swinging it around and i realize that it 's a weapon .
relationships require communication , which is not really my thing , so it 's a weak subject for me .
i wish she could build the whole thing herself but the hand does make some of it impossible and she does n't have the expertise for all of it yet , anyway .
he picks up a gray squishy eraser thing and rubs it against the paper .
` ` the thing that records voices on the phone . ''
we ' ve been talking for an hour and one customer came in and did n't buy a thing . ''
he found a bottle of perfume on a bureau , a pair of earrings on the bedside table and a lone nightgown , the only thing in an otherwise empty drawer .
king callum had a sure thing at his side at all times until the day she died .
` ` it 's the only thing that works , '' callum clipped .
she told me before i went it would be the best thing i tasted ... for eternity . ''
` ` earlier , '' i started , he tensed and even though i did n't want another wineglass incident , especially when the thing he was holding now and very able to throw and shatter against a wall was me , i forged ahead , ` ` i did n't mean to make you mad . ''
i could hear it and now i understood it , but she promised she 'd call me back first thing in the morning .
still , with that thing in me broken , unable to keep him out any longer , i had no choice .
if i knew theresa , there would not be one thing anyone on the block needed that would be lacking in benny 's fridge .
no matter that he had that thing .
no matter that i 'd secretly watch him and wish so hard he had that thing in a one - girl type of way ( instead of an any - girl - who - would - give - it - up type of way ) and ache for him to be mine .
this was the least sexy thing i had that was n't one of my business outfits ( and those had short , tight skirts too ) .
the thing was so huge , it took up nearly the whole side wall of his living room .
so the first time he showed , i ordered the fried calamari , the spinach salad , and the lobster risotto , the last being the most expensive thing on the menu .
` ` i can come first thing in the morning and not have to sleep on your couch . ''
the thing came through the mail , and still , there was a hint of condensation on the lid , which meant she 'd packed them warm and sent them immediately .
that thing in my chest stopped fluttering .
the judge officiating the ceremony was standing in the gazebo and a string quartet was playing ` ` canon in d. '' without hesitation or looking at anyone , cal strode right up to the gazebo carrying angela in her little purple dress with the scrunchy purple thing wrapped around her pretty , bald - save - for - a - hint - of - dark fuzzed head .
and me payin ' hefty cab fares means i ca n't buy six packets of oreos for my boy every week 'cause that kid eats the whole damn thing the minute i take it out of the bag . ''
then she 's all up in my shit and wandering dc with that stupid thing attached to her ear calling me , mom , rhonda , dad , george markham , everybody .
when she cooked , she made a god awful mess and she might leave that mess overnight but she 'd clean it up first thing the next day .
she cried , dumping the leather thing on the coffee table and picking up a big barrette that did n't do anything for mike but clearly his daughter thought it was the shit .
` ` i 'll talk to my cap first thing in the morning , '' he whispered back .
that thing was going on a wing and a prayer .
the big thing is no 's car but he can use my truck .
in the corner was the big , fluffy , faded flower print armchair that used to be in fin 's mom and dad 's room that clarisse said was the only thing in that room she would keep .
` ` you got this weekend to come up with a good excuse to tell the school board when they investigate the formal complaint i ' m lodging first thing monday morning . ''
he saw her bag on the floor and she could n't have been there more than two hours and the f**king thing had already exploded .
i went to the clinic first thing .
` ` then call me when you can , i 'll be runnin ' him first thing . ''
` ` yeah , '' jasper replied , ` ` it 's good he 's so dedicated , no one will guess this whole thing is a big fake . ''
layne lifted his head again , still smiling , and called to tripp , ` ` finish polishing , pal , then get that thing that sweeps the floors . ''
we got a thing that sweeps the floors . ''
tripp and jasper both eyed him then tripp disappeared and jasper plugged in the thing that electronically sucked shit up from tile and wood floors .
that 's not unusual , sean says the damn thing is the size of a pea and it 's not easy , maneuvering up there .
but anytime someone says it , it reminds me it was the only thing he gave me and it was n't worth much . ''
` ` roc , '' he called and she picked up some plastic thing filled with yellow dish liquid and swirled its sponge around the pot .
since her birth , layne was n't certain his daughter wore the same thing twice and he rarely went into ceecee 's room and not found some new decoration or toy .
the thing is tiny .
but you would n't let me do that , i know because you asked how much the f**kin ' thing cost . ''
the pump fell to the floor and when the pressure released on my injured foot , the constant , nagging pain i 'd had since putting the damn thing on subsided and my eyes rolled back into my head .
` ` hey mom , '' keira answered , sounding awake and bouncy like always , not traumatized in a way that meant , sometime in the future she 'd enter a mall and mow down innocent bystanders with a machine gun because her mom 's new boyfriend answered the phone first thing in the morning , sounding sleepy and definitely being in bed with her mother .
* * * * * on tuesday morning while i was drinking coffee and the girls were still sleeping , joe went out front which was something he did first thing every morning since he 'd moved in .
drowned ... '' bea gasped and her eyes came to me but aunt theresa pulled out a big square thing wrapped in a black scarf and turned to me .
` ` it would suck and i 'd feel shit but you 'd leave her for me and i 'd pay you back by givin ' you all sorts of sweet things . ''
a tearful kiss might not have been the thing but joe did n't seem to mind .
` ` i put it in that thing , the bag .
he wanted to open his own flesh and tear the heavy thing out .
i dumped a pat of butter on top of the toast , slid it around while it melted and covered the whole thing with maple syrup that i 'd nuked with a bit of orange juice mixed in .
craig was n't dumb to the knowledge that denny had a thing for you , though he thought it was a crush , one that he was surprised after high school did n't go away .
` ` do n't know what 's good , you callin ' the only boy in town who installs security systems and him bein ' here first thing in the mornin ' , '' jack stated the obvious on a grumble then headed back down the hall , muttering , ` ` fuck . ''
now she 's not gettin ' anything not just on that thing but on everything .
that thing at the end , f**kin ' hell , '' jake murmured while drying a plate .
he held her hand down the spiral staircase , thanking f**k the thing was wide so he could do it , and he held her hand all the way to the front door .
there were a few things put in the wrong places and there was some adjusting of the furniture that needed to be done .
then it occurred to me i was the one apologizing but he was in my bedroom for reasons unknown first thing in the morning .
josie in it , her long hair down and even wet , her in that nightie was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen .
he could n't see her distinctly but he still knew she was the prettiest thing he 'd ever seen , the best lay he 'd ever had , the best thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` well , a better solution to your problem was to give blood to get your gas money because you 're not getting a thing from this house or a dime from me , '' i told him then kept at him , ` ` the good news is , at least you have a free place to sleep tonight because i ' m so totally pressing charges . ''
` ` pretty thing you are , '' he told me on another grin .
my torso swayed back as the massive thing sliced through the air .
back to the house i went , i opened a door off the living room and entered a room that had a table with a ceramic basin on it , a pitcher under it , an oval mirror on the wall over it and a drum like thing in the middle of the space , this one made of some kind of metal .
the rugs and furniture cushions taken outside and beaten with this kind of enormous bent twig fly - swatter thing i found in the shed .
i dragged in a bunch of wood and replenished all the stocks and even found this cool pulley thing which helped me load up a stack in the loft ( which i did and then i built a fire up there too ) .
then i held my feet out in front of me and used my toes on the heel of my boot , pushing down , down , down until the thing slid off .
the bloody thing even had a crystal vase filled with her wedding bundle on a table .
first , i found a side saddle in the stable ( as well as a big washing tub with one of those grinder things to wring out clothes so i could wash my clothes and i did , using that thing , though , it must be said it was n't my favorite thing to do especially since i had to hang everything all around the house and it took forever to dry and messed with the cozy , rustic cabin vibe i had going ) .
first , i found a side saddle in the stable ( as well as a big washing tub with one of those grinder things to wring out clothes so i could wash my clothes and i did , using that thing , though , it must be said it was n't my favorite thing to do especially since i had to hang everything all around the house and it took forever to dry and messed with the cozy , rustic cabin vibe i had going ) .
it was much better than starting a fire hours before to heat the bathroom space , then boiling water on the stove and lugging it to the tub then the back and forth with buckets to empty it , finally , when i could shift it , dragging the whole damn thing to tip it out around the house where the slosh of water would n't make my walkways too icy .
the reason for this was traditional , and , in my opinion , a little idiotic seeing as only vallees spoke the ancient tongue ( but usually , they did n't actually know it , only a few religious scholars did , they just recited it which meant that dude jabbering on at our wedding had memorized that whole thing which , i had to admit , was kind of remarkable ) with everyone else in lunwyn knowing only a few words .
when i got there , frey had tyr in the middle of the space , bridle on , saddle on ( with a longer , very dark brown blanket style thing that hung over his rump , probably to help ward off the cold , something the horse had n't worn on our long ride there ) .
she did n't mean a gods damned thing .
chapter sixteen she missed you i stood in my dressing room wearing a pair of skintight , delicate , black silk undies that had an abundance of exquisite lace at the seat of my ass , a black satin , boned corset that tied up the front with a blood red ribbon that pushed up my br**sts and a red silk , loose - fitting , camisole - type thing under it that had a short , dense , lace ruffle around the edge , a black ribbon that drew it tight against my flesh and showed serious cle**age .
though , it had to be said , the dress was super tight and weighed a ton and that headpiece thing , albeit cool - as - shit , was kind of annoying .
then i lost his eyes as his neck bent back and he downed the whole thing in one gulp .
the other thing that was fantastic was that the sleighs with our things , as driven by kell , arrived about an hour ago .
it is n't the only thing you had , is it , broderick ? ''
once i was washed head - to - toe , the woman holding me said something softly , the others nodded , rushed away , bent to some trunk that was about five feet away and then they rushed back carrying things that sparkled in the moonlight .
i had a plate of untouched food in front of me , a jug of water , a cup and ghost was rolling around , playing with some toy one of my girls had made for her ( in other words , tearing the thing to pieces ) .
in my world , the thing would be worth tens of thousands of dollars .
he looked up at his mother , she jutted her chin to me , he stopped making music and handed his guitar - like thing to me .
when i 'd registered at the baby store , she 'd jerked the scanner thing out of my hand , made my selections and i could swear i saw drool on her lip once , she was so rabid .
i wandered around but except for the hides on the floor ( which , upon closer inspection , i saw were also stitched together and the sheepskins were lying on a bed of long , dried grass which was another reason why the whole thing was so soft ) there was nothing else to discover in the room .
i baked you a f**king cake because it was the only thing i had to give you on your birthday , i wanted to give you a part of me and i got to your study and heard - '' ` ` do n't , '' he clipped tersely .
sandals , a thin - knit , short - sleeved sweater type thing , really cool jewelry and she and her big husband were cradling babies , his swaddled baby had blonde hair , hers had black ) .
i 'd seen a lot , all of it amazing , including in this world where i saw even more during the long carriage ride into the city in order to ` ` acquire '' the things i needed ( these , i found out , being jewelry , perfume , makeup , hair stuff , shawls and the like , and let 's just say that shopping in a parallel universe was the bomb ) .
i 'd seen some fancy clip work in my time , but nothing thing like this .
there was not a thing on the walls , not even a chipped mirror .
i noticed , taking it all in as i moved behind a border of trees , that the whole thing cut stark in the white snow .
his head ( the only thing i could see around the jamb ) lifted up two inches before he stated , ` ` i can tuck myself in . ''
he located it but discovered that the only thing that worked was the light .
still , it was n't the kind of thing you slept in .
instead of answering her question , he said , ` ` i have a meeting first thing in the morning . ''
` ` not one hundred percent certain , no , '' angus cut in , picked up a salmon and cream cheese sandwich quarter , shoved the whole thing in his mouth and went on while chewing , ` ` pretty certain , though . ''
she 's not f**king climbing steps when that thing is loose . ''
he should get up and leave but none of the staff knew he was home and he did n't relish exiting julia 's room first thing in the morning , bare - chested and wrapped in bandages .
not entirely comfortable with ambling around his still - lit bedroom completely nude with him half - asleep , or not ( she 'd learned that lesson the night of the gunshot wound ) , she grabbed the closest thing at hand , which was his shirt .
he discovered that , even though he 'd become excessively fond of her wardrobe , the sexiest thing he 'd seen her wear was his dress shirt .
it did n't matter that he was the best player on the field , old lord ashton just found the thing he could use to hurt his boy and then he yelled at him , right in the stairwell , in front of all the staff and tamsin and anyone who was in hearing distance which could have been all the way to town .
she did n't go clubbing or out to dinner very often and it was n't the type of thing to wear to the community centre .
` ` i imagine she was n't too thrilled when a man answered the phone first thing in the morning . ''
they could n't do a thing and your girl was furious .
` ` before you tell me what 's so urgent you 're here first thing in the morning , could i ask you one question ? ''
` ` christ , how do you turn this f**king thing off ? ''
he just said things like ` ` you have to try this , '' or ` ` this is the best thing they make , '' and then he 'd order it for her without allowing her to say a word .
then again , if belle had a body like hers , she might consider wearing the same thing ( who was she kidding , she 'd never consider it ) .
they 're supposed to be the thing .
she grabbed the first thing she could find which was his shirt .
` ` and you better do something about it , my man , because she 's upstairs , in belle 's room , packing her things , mumbling about haunted houses and how her pregnant daughter was getting as far as she could from this creepy place . ''
my mouth was the only thing that worked , every other part of my body had been reduced to jell - o .
the phone was ringing again and the thing on the night table vibrated and clattered .
no sooner had the first thing come to a rest then something else bounced across the floor .
then the first thing exploded .
he pulled out a flat black thing with two prongs at the top .
and then there 's my purple teddy thing with attached garters . ''
` ` how long has eddie had this thing ? ''
indy had the stun guns and tasers in her car , the only thing i had was the pepper spray in my purse .
i walked in the front door and without saying a word of greeting , tod looked me up and down and said , ` ` i ' ve got just the thing . ''
` ` yo u do know that there 's this little thing cal ed the nineteenth amendment giving women the right to vote ? ''
it was n't what i was going to wear to daisy 's , that had been the first thing i tried on ( picked out and then careful y packed in a garment bag by stevie ) .
` ` you 're a tiny little thing .
it took me five tries to twist that thing in my hair . ''
the only thing on the walls was a hide stretched across and stitched tight to a bent piece of wood , an image of an eagle shaved into the fur .
best to leave it alone and book my flight to nicaragua first thing in the morning .
before i could say a word or do a thing , he started speaking .
wrapped the whole thing in plastic wrap and then used a portable blow drier on it to tighten the plastic .
` ` they taped the whole thing , '' jet added .
the desk was the only thing in the room not neat and tidy .
who did that kind of thing ?
` ` i ' m thinkin ' , as payback for the hickey , i want you in that pink teddy thing tonight . ''
` ` marcus is takin ' me out to dinner tonight and i do n't have a thing to wear . ''
the underwear was n't the most comfortable thing i 'd ever worn but what the hell .
` ` now how does this thing work ? ''
one thing my mom left me was aaron lockhart .
` ` i told you pigs in a blanket would be a hit , '' shirleen said from beside me , nabbing ( at my count ) her fourth gourmet ` ` pig in a blanket '' off a passing tray and shoving the entire thing in her mouth .
the entire thing was ready to roll with no hiccups days in advance ( as usual ) .
* * * * * ` ` do you ever file a thing ? ''
i got on my feet , twisted , grabbed the first thing i could find , which was a lamp , and twisted back to see he was nearly on me .
i kept my mouth shut , but mentally added a phone call to darius to discuss this unpleasant news first thing in the morning .
the whole thing was covered with a sheen of what looked like glitter .
` ` that 's the only thing that goes with oatmeal . ''
` ` no , '' he answered her , then packed the coffee grounds down before shoving the filter up into the machine so the thing lifted off the counter an inch .
tex , wearing another suit ( and for once , seemingly content in it ) , and nancy , wearing a pretty mint green dress with a fancy thing that was kind of a hat but way smaller so it was mostly a decorated headband ( and it had a cool - ass feather ) got hitched earlier by the justice of the peace .
that kind of book is not my thing and there are things about your brother and his woman i do not want to know ... '' he paused .
i had never been a guy for strip clubs , they seemed cheap ... like the type of thing men went to when they were n't confident enough to actually ask a girl out or take her on a nice date .
my hands shook so badly it took me three tries to finally latch the buckle - a fourth try would have had me ripping the damn thing from the car and saying to hell with it .
i damn near shouted in the poor thing 's face .
` ` here 's the thing ... '' i croaked out .
ax reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out my stuffed lamb , the small ugly thing he 'd given me when i was little .
i let out a cross between a laugh and a sob then tackled him to the ground , our mouths collided , the lamb was thrown to the side , no longer as important as it was before - i had the real thing .
` ` i never stole a thing in my life !
poor thing probably could n't manage on her own .
i could n't imagine such a proper young thing reading such a big book .
only , he did n't exactly grab the right thing .
` ` i will expect you first thing in the morning , maddox . ''
the poor thing is so embarrassed .
for being such a shy little thing , she certainly did have the body of a goddess .
her head tilted to the side , adding to the sarcasm , but also making her neck look like the most graceful thing christian had seen in years .
did the guy ever wear the same thing twice ?
for precautionary reasons , she grabbed the closest thing to a weapon she could find , which was a small gardening shovel that had been left in the cottage .
it was so tight , she was afraid eating as much as a pea would cause a tear in the dratted thing .
he 'd had half a mind to seduce the poor thing out on the balcony .
the minx had actually drunk the entire thing in one sitting .
taking the glass he offered , she began to sip ever so daintily , then downed the whole thing .
the only thing covering up his nakedness was a pair of black boxers .
and when i realized i was n't james bond nor did i live in a spy novel , i grabbed the next best thing .
` ` hammer , hair dryer - same thing .
please , i ca n't take one more thing . ''
` ` are you attached to any thing you 're wearing ? ''
the last thing he bought me was a toy truck when i was three . ''
the poor thing did n't weigh enough to stand a chance .
all i could do was sit and wait ... and pray he was n't deflowering the poor thing on the beach - all before i had a chance to tell her how i felt .
i grabbed the water from my nightstand - the water i ' m sure alec put there - and chugged the entire thing then tried to stand .
poor thing needed to go to bed .
` ` i had to freaking steal that thing , make like seven copies , and return it . ''
i started typing then deleted the entire thing .
swearing , i picked up the picture , planning to rip it up and toss it in the trash , but as i grasped it and began tearing the damn thing , i noticed handwriting on the back .
it was one of the only fireplaces i had that was n't gas ; the real thing was more soothing to me , the sound of crackling wood like my white noise .
funny thing , feet .
-gabe h. gabe with a curse i kicked the door to the elevator , ready to break the damn thing in .
as if it was the easiest dang thing in the universe .
no doubt his arm was sore from having to carry the thing from one end of the room to the next .
he reached for his wine , drank the entire thing , and held it out again for a refill .
egad , throw a walnut between those lines , and the bloody thing would crack .
how can the poor thing breathe with that much earth hovering above it ? ''
the poor thing was probably already compromised , for what girl trudged from england to the continent by herself ?
it was as if the gentleman had n't brought a thing with him on the trip .
every blasted little thing ?
and stop pointing that thing at my head !
how can you earn such things in the first place , dominique ? ''
` ` or , perhaps i ' m overjoyed at seeing you first thing this morning . ''
now before you get angry and start throwing things , allow me ... '' hunter rose , slowly from his seat and walked calmly toward dominique .
yes , a nap would be just the thing .
something fresh would be just the thing .
` ` regardless of your feelings , my lady , we must be on our way first thing in the morning ... '' rosalind placed her hands on her hips and turned her head back towards the house letting out a puff of air .
and why the devil did he constantly whistle the same thing ?
his happiness at pleasuring her trumped his desire to strangle her as he made his way to where the manipulative little thing sat .
of waking her with flowers and sonnets , things she deserved .
the poor thing was probably exhausted after being at her first ball .
rosalind went in search of stefan first thing in the morning .
the one thing i owned in this universe and it was a shitty bar .
cursing , i tossed my purse onto the floor and fumbled with the first lacy thing i saw .
so basically i was like the little play thing between them , the bone between the two pissed off dogs .
` ` thought guys liked that sorta thing , '' i said in a throaty voice , then gave him a once - over .
a bead of sweat fell from william 's temple as his eyes darted to the buttons on the elevator , most likely seeing if he could hit the emergency button to get the thing moving again .
` ` i say we eat every damn thing in that mini - fridge and charge it to tex 's card , '' mo said bitterly , though she did seem to at least be smiling .
her shirt - dress thing barely met her thighs .
i bent down to grab the damn thing , looked up , and came face - to - face with three men in suits , nice shoes - italian , of course - all getting on the same elevator . ''
with a twist of her lips and lift of her eyebrow she tilted her head and whispered huskily , ` ` you gon na use that thing ? ''
nadia slid the heavy thing onto her head , wondering if it made her look dorky - but there was no way she 'd turn down an offer that chivalrous .
today she was wearing a mod dress from the 1960s with big black - and - white squares , exactly the kind of thing most people here made fun of .
which meant that if she wanted to use magic to get the buried thing out again , she would be taking it out sight unseen , with no idea what the source of that powerful magic was .
let 's just get this magic ... thing you need and go on from there , okay ? ''
the kind of thing you were hoping to find ? ''
she was n't the aged , withered thing she ought to have been after four hundred years .
the homes here were n't like beachfront property she 'd seen elsewhere ; normally , only the wealthiest could afford houses with ocean views , and the architecture proved it - vast decks of gleaming wood , windows so huge they appeared to be glass walls , that kind of thing .
` ` so , like , verlaine was in the school library , but i think she was using the computers for something illegal , like downloading movies or something like that , and there 's this thing in the library computers that 's supposed to stop you if you do something illegal , like it gives you a shock , and that 's how they keep guys from watching p**n all the time , but this time it malfunctioned and it , like , electrocuted her , and so she 's in the hospital , not this one , the good one in wakefield , and i heard she could die . ''
told her of his dreams , his thoughts , that sort of thing .
reading that email from her mother 's lawyer , the one where she 'd learned dad actually begged mom to see their kids , and mom ignored him- the flash was subtle , the sort of thing that could seem like a trick of the autumn sunlight .
what have you got on this music ipod ... thing ?
she tossed her own book of shadows a couple of feet away , like it was useless instead of this priceless , secret thing .
the sort of thing a witch hopes never to cast once in her lifetime .
the cloth was plain , faded black , the kind of thing that generally did n't earn a second glance .
the thing reminds me of our universal remote , which has so many keys and buttons and functions that nobody in my household - which contains multiple physicists , including my mother who is supposed to be the next einstein - none of us can figure out how to switch from the playstation to the dvr .
as i look down at the glittering firebird in my palm , i remind myself that if i learned how to work this thing , i can handle anything this dimension has to throw at me .
my first thought is that it 's some kind of led thing , meant for showing off in nightclubs .
` ` can we move that thing ? ''
josie hauled it into her arms - that thing was heavy - and headed out , leaving me and paul alone .
if wyatt conley 's the keynote speaker , this thing probably costs a thousand bucks a head . ''
theo and i are still wearing ours , because this thing is too precious , too valuable , to keep anywhere else but right next to the heart .
` ` we built this thing to be easy to repair and customize , so when you have it all spread out like that , it can pop apart .
my fingers make contact with something in my hair , the band of this heavy thing atop my head ... ... is that a tiara ?
we wanted them to snap apart into their components for repair , adjustments , that kind of thing .
for a few long moments we stand there , so very close , looking down at the delicate , priceless thing in my hands .
yeah , this universe 's henry might be able to fix it , but i 'd be a lot happier if i could take a look at the thing .
even i feel uneasy at the thought of taking my next trip with this thing .
i bent to search for it , as i had only enough money to buy one thing .
the fact that i 'd be wearing the same thing in a week hurt my soul .
i needed to think of a costume ; i did not want to be the only person wearing the wrong thing again .
` ` the bastards kept raising their price with no guarantee that they 'd actually build the thing , '' noah said , exhaling the smoke through his nose .
the window stuck , and i mumbled a prayer to any gods that might be listening to let the thing open , just let it open .
` ` did the thing work ? ''
` ` i wish i had your thing , though . ''
` ` like , was your character born with this thing a la superman or did she acquire it like spider - man ? ''
i was starting to hate this thing and wanted to get rid of it .
i reached for the thing , whatever it was , but noah pulled back my wrist and shook his head .
noah carefully extracted the shining thing .
` ` i accidentally threw the book i was reading in with my checked luggage , and this was in the seat pouch thing in front of me . ''
` ` i did n't bother to read the whole thing ; it was terminally dull .
she wears my shirt - a shapeless black and white plaid thing that i would n't normally notice but with her inside of it , it is beautiful .
and then he smiled ; a dark , broken , empty thing .
how did i let this thing in human skin chew his way into my life ?
the night before i was to leave , i laid my new things in my new small trunk with great care .
` ` at least when we get to an actual city , we can pawn that thing , '' stella said .
he handed mr . ginsberg the tax thing stella had stolen from kells 's office .
jamie picked up the thing that had fallen on me .
` ` because i come bearing gifts , '' noah says , and withdraws the thing from the bag with a flourish .
the cluster of palm trees was the closest thing to privacy i could find , so i headed down the small hill toward them .
he 'd ordered the same thing as me , which reminded me of the times he took me out to eat that summer .
as i cleaned my apartment , i made a note of things i needed to get to make the place look better .
` ` carson , can you tell your father i need to see him first thing monday morning ? ''
once you actually jumped out of this thing .
` ` i hate that thing . ''
things clicked into place , one tiny disturbing clue after another .
it 's this short bob thing that would work perfectly . ''
she looks down at her hands , the right one with the knife covered in blood , and then she drops the knife as if it 's a dirty , evil thing .
` ` fredrik uses this thing sometimes , '' she says looking down at the screen somewhat uncertain about her ability to use it properly .
i wore a long blue dress , a hideous thing it was , something that had been made for an old lady .
a dress was the worst thing i could ' ve worn yesterday - i know woodard got more of a view than i ever wanted him to .
` ` where 's the volume on this thing ? ''
i pushed her thighs apart with my hands ; her sweet ass and that warm , wet thing i longed to taste were right there for my viewing pleasure .
` ` i 'll come for you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` not at all the sort of thing a true lady would wear . ''
i 'll go to my rooms and give him a call first thing in the morning . ''
` ` when callie was brought to valhalla she was just a tiny scrap of a thing with eyes like jewels and a smile that could melt the hardest heart , '' wolfe said , a hint of affection softening the cruel curve of his mouth .
for a minute he could n't see a damned thing in the darkness .
what was this thing ?
a thing of nightmares .
` ` the kittens may remain tonight , but first thing in the morning i want them put back in the box where they belong .
she had already attempted to hit the blasted thing on a dozen occasions .
` ` queer thing , '' he grudgingly replied .
combine that with the tiny fur g - strings that were the only thing covering their pale , perfect bodies ... yummy .
` ` christ , where the hell did you get this thing ? ''
as a result the poor thing had been banished from his guild and treated as little more than a leper among the demon world .
and in truth , she simply wanted to drop the vile thing and run as far away as possible .
the damned thing had taken him years to track down and cost over half his fortune to purchase , but it had been well worth the trouble .
he needed to be rid of the thing before marika could catch up with them .
` ` i just burned huge holes in that ... thing without even knowing what i was doing . ''
` ` i have this thing inside that 's changing everything , and i ca n't do a damn thing to stop it . ''
` ` pop up like a ... a ... thing that annoyingly pops . ''
` ` i brought it , although i ca n't imagine you wearing the nasty thing . ''
this was the sort of thing a woman could become addicted to .
` ` okay , let me get this straight i have this ... thing on my arm and now we 're mates ? ''
not the sort of thing to dazzle any woman .
these emotional partings are really not my thing . ''
hell , he was the thing that went bump in the night .
the only thing that could truly touch his cold heart .
some vampire thing that she could n't see or sense ?
oh , it was just a little thing handed to me by my multi - great grandfather , who happens to be king arthur , and oh yeah , he 's dead and haunting some ancient ruin .
culligan had been a television junkie , rarely turning off the thing when he was in the rv .
a smile that faded as she struggled to wrench the thing open .
i 'd rather run than be jolted around in this thing . ''
at least the damned thing was going to come in handy for something .
wanting nothing more than to yank off the jeans that were the only thing covering him , jagr instead forced himself to turn back toward the bag .
the only hope was leading sadie away from the damned thing so she could try and make a dash for it when the cur was off guard .
she was going to shove that thing up sadie 's ass once this was over .
he did n't know enough about magic to know how close he had to keep the thing to hide his scent , but he was n't willing to take any chances .
reeling backwards , she could only watch in horror as the thing disappeared with a loud pop .
` ` a bloody mary , '' she ordered , her tone warning that her drink was n't going to be the only bloody thing if the bitch did n't back off .
` ` they wo n't do a damned thing to stop his suicide mission . ''
what the hell was the matter with the thing ?
it was the only warning she gave him before she set the lock against the stone altar and lifted the rock to smash the stupid thing over and over .
he did n't care what the hell the thing was , it was n't going to touch the female pureblood .
with her current streak of piss - poor luck , she 'd feared she managed to kill the poor thing .
throwing the damned thing into park , he vaulted over the door and headed toward the back of the parking lot .
was the thing going to disappear ?
clenching her hand around the leather - bound hilt , laylah hefted the sword off the ground , nearly tumbling onto her face at the unexpected weight of the thing .
the poor thing has been passed around like a soccer ball in the world cup . ''
she assumed he used the thing to control the zombies , which meant that ariyal , at least , should be safe .
accepting that being alone was n't doing a damned thing to help , jaelyn was relieved when ariyal 's voice cut through her dark broodings .
even by demon standards the thing was butt - ugly .
the thing wheezed out what she assumed was a laugh .
the stupid thing refused to float in the same sated bliss as the rest of her .
digging the cell phone out of his pocket , he was astonished to discover his burst of power had n't destroyed the thing .
the dang thing still itched .
more likely it was because they did n't know how to get rid of the thing .
a book that was so dangerous it had to be hidden by black magic was precisely the sort of thing the witches would have made certain was destroyed rather than allowing it to fall into the hands of their enemies .
besides , if this ... thing needed to feed , why was n't he feasting on the witch 's tangible fear ?
he should have destroyed the damned thing the minute they realized it was more than just a trinket .
` ` sally , give him the damned thing , '' roke snarled , crawling toward her with blood dripping from his nose and eyes .
` ` he was supposed to destroy the damned thing . ''
i ' ve had this thing on me the whole time .
` ` you 're pretty good with that thing . ''
the school was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen : historic and sturdy on the outside , and the walls inside were filled with colors .
i had rehearsal first thing in the morning and i decided i was going .
her mood had gotten to me , and while i felt energized , i found the atmosphere that had once made me so happy did n't do a thing for my attitude .
how it was possible for them to build those things up there was beyond my comprehension , but there they were - what looked like modern , high - end villas built on trees connected by bridges that were now triggering my non - existent fear of heights .
` ` of course i knew ... '' ` ` so all this time , you knew i had a thing for you ?
i felt the heave and sigh of his chest , my hands curved in front of me , the only thing keeping our bare bodies apart .
it was the most valuable thing she owned .
we arranged a meeting with the elite council and things were immediately put in place .
if i had n't known any better , i would ' ve thought him an angel , but he was the furthest thing from such honorable creatures .
` ` i thought i told you to keep that damned thing switched off !
i 'd need to try harder , because , other than my pearl earrings that brett had gifted me , this was the only beautiful thing i 'd allowed myself to own .
` ` did you see kiev 's face when i showed him this thing ? ''
` ` rather you than me , shoving that thing in his face , '' dominic muttered .
it 's beside the point , babe , because i could n't come up with a damn thing .
i know you 'd never do a thing to harm your child . ''
a real deal kind of thing .
every last thing has been pulled up .
for a little thing , she can deliver an order .
she was a pretty thing .
the sword is the most beautiful thing i have ever owned .
twenty years ago , genevieve britten had been the hottest thing on the catwalk ... until she 'd gotten pregnant with serena .
soda was another thing she 'd very rarely had due to the empty calories and potential bloating from the sodium and carbonation .
the next thing he knew , she was shimmying out of her jeans ... and was standing before him in nothing but little white lace panties , at once both totally innocent and the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` i thought i already told all of you not to do one damned thing to disrespect her . ''
he was gorgeous first thing in the morning .
i would n't want a place where people felt like they had to worry about breaking things , or where i 'd need a staff to run it . ''
she picked up the new drink she 'd ordered after james left and downed it in one gulp , though she already knew it would n't do a darn thing to help her forget ford ... or the fact that she could still feel his lips on hers .
not just breathtakingly beautiful , not only the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen or touched , but you simply opened your arms and heart and let me in .
* * * full from the large pizza and the bottles of beer that had been , rather predictably , the only thing in ford 's enormous state - of - the - art fridge , mia easily settled into his arms .
` ` i ' ve got that thing in the car for you , adam . ''
what we need to sell this christmas is a sure thing , so we 're going to have to cut our losses now .
and a warning , if he was n't too far off the mark , that he should be careful not to do one damn thing to hurt the sweet woman standing beside him .
rafe pulled brooke closer , intent on ignoring anything that was n't warm and soft and smelling like chocolate in his arms , but the damned thing kept buzzing again and again .
he knew now that there was n't a damn thing she could have done to make him stop loving her .
` ` i was wearing the same thing when we were making snow angels , '' she told him , ` ` underneath my ski clothes . ''
frankly , he was amazed lori had even been able to tell the thing was female .
he was polite enough to the person he was speaking to , but when he hung up a minute later , the phone slammed so hard into its cradle that the whole thing vibrated .
not , he told himself , because he missed seeing her since breakfast , but because letting her work on his farm was like keeping a box of fireworks next to a roaring fire - you never knew when one little spark was going to light off the whole damned thing .
i enjoyed helping her plant things , and seeing them grow was cool , but i always liked ripping things out even more . ''
because the mere thought of taking lori in his truck was so potent that he could n't do a damned thing to stop the neanderthal lurking inside him from emerging to take .
every day , as he 'd put on his suit and tie and gone in to work to field questions and sympathy from colleagues and friends and people he only knew from cocktail parties , the guilt and blame and disgust with everyone who said they loved her and missed her but who had n't done a damn thing to stop her self - destruction , grew to the point where he knew he could n't stay there another second .
before he could do anything more than raise his eyebrows at her emphatic statement that they both knew did n't do a darn thing to erase the heat between them , she said , ` ` and you know why .
` ` you were completely naked under this thing . ''
the final days on a sculpture usually felt like they dragged on forever while she second - guessed and endlessly refined and then triple - guessed the whole damn thing from top to bottom .
any chance you could drop by the set first thing tomorrow morning ?
the whole damn thing was perfect .
` ` is there a stop button in this thing ? ''
heck , had n't the waitress at her favorite thai restaurant even said to her the last time she was there , ` ` ordering the same old thing ? ''
jake would n't have to ask her for a darn thing .
but , damn if she was n't the hottest thing he 'd ever come across ... and so transparent that she could n't possibly keep her lustful thoughts from passing over her face one after the other as she sat next to him in the small interior of his sports car .
because he sure as hell was n't going to let his sister know that he thought megan was just about the prettiest thing he 'd ever set eyes on .
` ` i swear , '' he said , hearing the pure raw need in his voice and knowing he could n't do a damn thing to stop it , ` ` i tried to have self - control . ''
as if she did n't want him to think she 'd purposely put on his shirt because she wanted a part of him around her , she added , ` ` it was the closest thing to the bed . ''
even after gabe left his apartment to head for chinatown , megan remained right where she was , in his bed , surrounded by his scent , his things , wanting to feel even that small connection a little longer .
it was the only thing she 'd had on while she 'd been screwing another man .
for all her gorgeous curves , she was a tiny thing .
the irony that she had n't actually done a darn thing with him - not even kiss him - would n't matter to anyone .
so that was what had him going to the club last night to pick up some hot thing .
before she could change her mind , he reached for her bag , but she shifted and opened the door , moving out into the rain before he could help her with the damn thing .
i was just one more pretty thing to bring out from the locked cabinet to show off to people . ''
just then , sara yelled , ` ` chloe , i ca n't get out of this stupid thing !
it was the one thing she had of her own mother 's , and as she rubbed the glittering stone between her thumb and forefinger , she tried to calm down .
` ` you are riding this thing in the qualifier ?
and it was a damn shame the thing was out in the barn .
not that shredding the damn thing is n't totally appealing , devlin added to himself .
first thing in the morning , he 'd start looking for another trainer .
as providence would have it , the thing had been parked right under a streetlamp and the added light was n't kind to its fading paint job or the recent damage .
` ` he 's the closest thing to a father i ' ve got , '' he said .
` ` hate this thing , '' chester grumbled .
you 're going to spend a lot more time using the thing , so you better like it . ''
only no matching hat an ' handbag kinda thing .
every time you ' ve found another thing to buy , some new piece of equipment or new facility , she 's badgered me about it .
he leaned over to throw the thing away and froze as he noticed something disturbing .
` ` it was the only thing i had that was really mine . ''
he 's going to need hydrotherapy first thing tomorrow morning . ''
over the past four weeks , she 'd learned to hate the plaster deadweight and could n't wait to get rid of the thing .
naturally , the thing stuck like glue to its position .
a baseball hat on the counter had the boston red sox logo on it , and he pulled the thing on to conserve body heat ; then he looked around for anything he could use as a cane .
the thing was ten feet high , and top - hatted with spikes that in an earlier life had probably been daggers .
as she leaned back in her chair , the hinges let out a squeak , and she turned the thing into an instrument , playing a happy little ditty she 'd composed after too many nights like this .
he 'd probably had the thing since the decade of watergate , the work of woodward and bernstein inspiring his twenty - year - old self to his own paper chase ... that had culminated at the top of a medium city 's masthead .
the woman was in her forties and looked rich , her hair done up in a thing on her head , her gold earrings flashing , her sleek , coordinated clothes not matching an accident scene in the slightest .
just let the thing go into the wastepaper basket .
she dug into her bag , got out her laminated press pass , and flashed the thing like it was an fbi badge .
good idea to put one there ; then again , they 'd probably had a lot of woozy people on this thing .
and one of his eyes was n't working right- no , the thing was n't working at all .
the thing had a straight blond wig on and had been dressed in a flowery creation devina would n't have been caught dead in- it was galling to wonder what jim heron would think of her in it .
she walked over and put the thing on the rolling table , right beside the card that the reporter had left behind .
the thing felt normal against his palm , and his gait was much faster with it .
jim put the toilet cover down and sat on the thing .
the fact that the thing was in the far corner , and she could drink her mug with her back to her mom , was just an added bonus to the caffeine .
the only way fi - fi was going anywhere was if she were on the back of a flatbed - the poor thing had been auto - evac 'd to a local service station .
naturally , his bad eye , that ugly , ruined thing , was what she looked at first .
as she opened the thing and looked at the driver 's license , she nodded .
she unfolded the thing , the aarp logo looming over a picture of a gracefully aging model in athletic gear .
i went to call him on my cell phone and realized i ' ve left the damn thing at home .
standing on the loose pea gravel of the drive , he took a drag of his cigarette and then held the thing in his left hand .
putting his marlboro back between his teeth , he crushed the fallen pine needles and the scratchy grass under his combat boots as he went over and picked the thing up .
the thing did n't stop at the main residence .
she laid out the squeeze bottle full of creamy shit , the tin tube of color , and the squat thing of postblond goo .
as he handed the thing over , the receptionist smiled at him professionally , her expression the equivalent of a facial welcome mat .
instead , he just sat there staring at his plate of half - eaten food like the thing was a tv set .
the thing was perfect for their purpose , however : it faced out through the fat aperture of the bar at the lobby .
the pos had an engine and a roof - other than that , there was n't much to recommend the thing .
her throat had been slashed , the blood soaking the sparkly thing she 'd obviously considered a shirt as well as the chipped tile she was sprawled on .
grabbing one of matthias 's arms , he helped run the guy down the back of the gmc - and by dumb luck , the thing was parked at an industrial rear entrance to the hotel , the set of ugly steel doors inset into the brick .
he had prepared the thing for himself , the combination of electronics and blast potential a carefully constructed exit strategy ... . jim was wrong .
besides , even if he could disarm the thing , the signal had already been sent .
two men went in with a black body bag , and because of the cramped nature of the bathroom the woman had been killed in , they had to put the thing flat on the carpet and carry her out to lay her in it .
eric said the guys at the cpd were drooling over the thing .
22 when the phone rang about a half hour later , matthias just stared at the thing .
he 'd already been out the thing once .
when her cell phone went off , she jumped and fumbled with the thing .
disgusted with herself , and pissed off at him , mels hit the elevator again , and when she got to the first floor , she intended to march out to tony 's car , get in the damn thing , and be wicked early for her meeting with monty and his flapping gums .
ah , yeah , that would be a negative - unless the thing came equipped with an airsick bag .
then he got up , unplugged his radio , and tucked the thing under his arm .
the thing is , the time of death was clocked at around five or six , so the killing happened fairly soon after whoever took the room occupied it .
` ` well , i hope they find the damn thing .
` ` i really do n't need the damn thing . ''
except then it came back to her as she picked the thing out of the mismatched coins ... that garage out in the farm country .
between the fake boobs , the botox , and the too - thin thing , she was a brittle , jumpy version of a woman - which was what came when you liked things you could n't afford , and had sold yourself to an old goat to get them .
picking the thing up , she brought it with her into the kitchen .
the instant the change happened , jim shifted around and stared at the screen , his focus so intense , his eyes looked like they might blow the thing up .
` ` i wrapped it in kleenex so i did n't lose the damn thing . ''
by the time he 'd backed the thing out , matthias had tied the operative 's arms and legs together , and was dragging the body toward the bay that had been opened .
` ` dump the damn thing now . ''
when she got to her purse , she cranked the thing open .
the open doorway into the thing was broad , but the interior was as dark as the sky had gotten before those shadows had shown up at the garage .
generally speaking , it was the kind of thing that would draw stares .
after passing the thing over to them , ad hit the phone and ordered the crap out of dinner .
the skinny thing seemed capable of speaking only with exclamations - like maybe the height differential required greater volume .
with adrian in it , the thing assumed matchbox proportions .
she gripped her phone a little tighter , even though she was in no danger of dropping the thing .
the thing was from the gift shop down in the lobby , and as he opened the neck , he told his gut to hang tight with any bright ideas .
the one that had always been cloudy was now clear , sure as if a faulty contact lens had been the problem and he 'd just taken the thing out .
he pulled the pants on as he went over and picked the thing up .
last time she 'd taken that thing out had been for a friend 's wedding , like , a year and a half ago .
you deserve the same the thing , with whoever or wherever or whatever you love . ''
hard to get used to needing the thing , however .
popping the seal on the hostess bomb and biting into the thing , the outer shell flaked and sent bits and pieces into her lap .
punching the thing into the usb port in the front of the machine , he initiated a data download that was nuclear in its scope , but relatively self - contained in terms of bytes .
putting the thing on the floor next to a cup and a half of eukanuba , he stepped back and let dog sniff around , take a test bite , and settle into his breakfast .
he 's got a sandisk with a lot of information on it - i was right behind him when he loaded up the damn thing . ''
monty took a book on wwii aircraft off the shelf and idly flipped through the thing .
leaning in , he put the sandisk on the shelf at her eye level and slid the thing into the range of her peripheral vision .
he tapped the thing again .
you can take this and- '' she wheeled around , half a mind to throw the thing in his face .
after massaging the text around for a while , and redoing the beginning , she saved the thing without printing it out .
she dropped her hold and went for her own phone- jim snagged the thing out of her hands .
the land that the thing was on covered some twenty - five acres , a ragged meadow running out in all directions to a thin tree line .
when he went to open the flap door , the thing fell off the hinges into his hand .
the key was not your humdrum schlage variety - the thing was made of old brass and had a shaft thick as a finger .
must have been some kind of mansion in its heyday- as the slow , rhythmic gonging of a grandfather clock started to ring out , he wondered where the damn thing was .
he waved the thing idly .
after clicking the thing home , she put the engine in drive and eased out into traffic .
bracing herself , she leaned in and turned the knob- ` ` -explosive investigation conducted by the new york times into a shadow organization that , for decades , has been operating under the nation 's radar , conducting assignments at home and abroad- '' she turned the thing off .
and the handbag in her lap was bright red , the sort of thing she never would have worn a year ago .
as he gripped the black handle , he wanted to snap the thing off , and the red neon outline of the word psychic made him curse .
taking the thing out , he recognized the number .
compelled by a force that he had long detested and never understood , he threw the thing open , the old wood panels ricocheting off the wall .
as he caught the thing in his fist on the rebound , he looked up the flight of stairs that double - backed on itself for five stories .
there were two chairs , one large enough to be considered a throne , the other more pedestrian , the sort of thing you could find at office depot .
would n't do a damn thing against devina 's minions , but would defo keep the idiot teenagers away .
going over to the claw - footed tub , he supposed the thing might have been romantic if , one , he 'd been into that shit , which he was n't , and two , it had n't been stained yellow on the inside from mineral deposits , and green on the outside from the copper feet .
carmax had given her a great deal on a used one , and she had to admit , it was the nicest thing she 'd ever driven .
the thing had probably come out in the dressing room .
that was the only thing in his repertoire .
then again , if that clasp had broken , and the thing had slipped off his wrist and been seen by any one of the , oh , say , hundred or so kibitzers ?
it was the only nice thing he owned , a relic from the past .
the woman who 'd worn it had probably gotten the damn thing from some boyfriend or another after a long weekend spent walking on the beach , holding hands , and doing it missionary position in a b and b. snore .
the earring bounced as she dropped it , and for a split second , she wanted to crush the thing to dust ... just because she could .
not that he 'd wear that kind of thing .
going in through the front door , he kicked the thing shut - and ran out of gas .
except ... when he got to the couch , he took one look at the white sheeting that covered the damn thing and thought , nope .
as she collapsed back into his chest , he took the staircase two at a time , and snarled at the grandfather clock as he passed it by - if that thing let out even one gong , he was going to take a chain saw to it and light the pieces on fire in the back - fucking - yard .
like that would wake sissy up and make her put the thing to use .
shoving her hand back into her purse - with enough force to break one of the straps - she rummaged around until her fingers ran into the thing .
sissy went over and , without thinking of all the reasons she might not be able to move the thing ... picked it up .
punching at her pillow to fatten it up , she threw her head back down on it and deflated the thing .
abruptly , she picked up the one living thing in the room : a small plant in a green - colored plastic pot .
` ` but the thing opens inward , so if you want privacy , i can f**k you up against it . ''
as soon as he got over to the thing , he swung himself up and around and then slid down like he was on a pair of ropes .
pudgy , wrinkly , with a set of wedding rings that needed to be cleaned , the thing was under her control - she was able to flex the fingers and turn it over to see the palm - but it was not hers .
the iconic circular symbol of the carmaker was ever so slightly crooked ... and when she snapped the thing free and examined it in the bright white glow of her high beams , she saw there was a red stain on the stainless steel - but it was simply a surface imperfection , nothing more .
chapter twenty - one when sissy opened the door to jim 's house , it was a cliche that the thing creaked .
rubbing his calf to get rid of the itchies , he finished his coffin nail and ground the thing out .
cait slammed her hand over her cell phone , grabbing it and turning the thing over .
even though the thing had been sacrificed for the best possible reason , her ocd blew up its absence into a national emergency .
as he appeared before her , he was just as big as he had always been , his shoulders the kind of thing that offered plenty of acreage to claw at , his heavy arms as thick and muscled under his t - shirt as a prizefighter 's , his hips anchoring a c**k that she knew well , and had missed .
which explained why there were seven dead bolt locks on the thing .
he snagged an old cloth and wiped his hands , wishing the thing was clean .
he set this thing up - seven souls , seven rounds .
it 's the key to the lock down there , and if she loses that ugly old thing , she 's separated forever . ''
even before he pulled the thing back , he knew what he was going to see .
the thing did not return to its former place , however , getting bogged down in the archangel 's blood , the doorway , such as it was , remaining open so that he could still see his ` ` boss . ''
she asked as she put the thing down .
the thing was working for once .
with a lunge , she all but cleared her bedside table to get at the thing , a smile breaking out not just over her face , but deep within her chest .
` ` yes , of course , '' she said into the thing .
as duke 's phone went off , he took the thing out .
tucking the flashlight under her arm , she accepted the thing with trembling hands .
the thing was going on a wing and a prayer , the paint on the hood faded , the bumpers uneven from various impacts , one wheel sporting a mismatched rim because there had n't been money to get the proper replacement .
` ` you know , '' adrian said between bites of his own , ` ` eddie always did say that thing read like stereo instructions . ''
with hands that shook from impatience , she yanked the bottom of his muscle shirt out of his waistband and dragged the thing up his- holy ... crap .
it was loaded , although she did n't know how she knew that , and as she gripped the weapon , her palm fit perfectly , sure as if the thing had been made for her .
moving fast , he yanked on some sweats and discreetly folded his erection up flat , tying the thing down with a savage yank .
when chillie had pitched the newspaper on the front porch this morning , she 'd had no intention of reading it - but when she 'd unwrapped the thing , she 'd seen her own picture below the fold .
the only reason duke shook the goddamn thing was that he did n't want cait involved any further in what was going on between them .
he put the thing up to his ear .
reaching into her bag , she went for her sketchbook , intending to rip free a page and write a quick note- damn it , she 'd lost the thing , remember ?
but he could n't ... concentrate ... on ... anything else- as his phone rang , he fumbled with the thing , dropping the cell in his lap as he took it out of his inside pocket .
he hung up the phone and then threw the thing at the dash .
` ` please answer the door , '' he prayed as he hit the thing again .
stepping back , she was about to close the door on him when he caught the thing and held it wide .
` ` there room for two up on that thing ? ''
drying her hands , she grabbed the bowl and washed the thing out .
sissy lunged for the smoking pan and picked the thing up without a pot holder , burning her palm- ` ` goddamn it ! ''
she marched over to the door , ripped that thing open like she wanted to tear it off its hinges , and pounded her way outside .
adrian moved around in his wooden chair , his weight causing the thing to groan .
jim cursed his way over to the table and righted the thing like it weighed no more than a dime .
if devina knew they had the thing ?
jim 's eyebrow began to twitch and he brushed at the thing .
she grabbed the first thing she came to , a brass candlestick that weighed as much as a crowbar .
the beeswax wick stick went airborne as she picked the thing up , lifted it over her head , and ran across- talk about tap dancing .
she 'd actually never had sex in the thing before , but how cool was it going to be when she broke the mattress in with jim ?
and it was tucked away in the darkness not just to keep it safe , but because it was fugly and a half : the thing was at least five feet high and three feet wide - maybe it was even bigger .
and fuck the gold leaf - there was a glimmer to the thing , but it was not from any precious metal .
it was the hood ornament of her own mercedes s550 4matic - and for once , she was n't rushing to get the thing put back in its proper place .
she palmed the hilt as if there were a possibility , however remote , that she might have a clue how to use the thing .
the crystal dagger that had been gripped in his right hand fell to the floor with a clatter and she glanced at the thing .
colin 's war - minded nature had long commanded her respect , kind of in the way anyone would get careful when a loaded gun was cocked at their head : you either moved carefully around the damn thing or vital shit started to leak .
and he got sick at the reminder that sissy had had that thing in her hands for how long today ?
there was comfort in having the weight against her heart , like the thing might act as a shield or something - and then devina finally got up on her ridiculous high heels and stepped away from jim .
devina had braced herself , which was ridiculous in those heels - although somehow she managed to look like wonder woman , capable of withstanding all assault even in fuck - me pumps and that black leather jumpsuit thing .
devina was crumpled in the corner on the floor , her anti - gravity thing not having outlasted the explosion .
i ' m going too fast- '' she settled that score by reaching down for the bottom of her shirt and whipping the whole thing over her head .
the angel eased onto one butt cheek and took the thing out of his pocket .
plus i ' m thinking i ' ve got grease on the viewer thing . ''
he 'd seen the hump - ugly thing once before , when they 'd found her loft in the meatpacking district .
jim headed for the door at a stalk and let the thing slam behind him .
man , if only women were like houses , the kind of thing you could fix with some good manual labor and a toolbox .
except when they went out to the suv , she was n't anywhere near the thing .
there was a long stretch of silence as the demon came to a full stop at a red light and then accelerated in a civilized way when the thing turned green .
with a quick jab into his pocket , he snagged his phone and went over , putting the thing up and focusing the lens on his favorite picture of sissy .
just like the bitch to take her sweet time- as his phone rang , he took it out and answered the damn thing .
ad limped over to one of the other sheets of plywood by the explorer and muscled the thing over to the next window .
instead , he took a sharp inhale on his marlboro and retracted his hand , using the thing to bring the ashtray he was using closer to him .
then frowned and took the thing from him .
for one , it was because a set of those ornate doors opened on cue like the damn thing knew he needed a lift .
with a click , the thing unlocked and opened on its own .
she went back over to the bar and put the thing into an ashtray .
bringing the tissue to her mouth , she spoke into the thing , then blew across the fibers once , twice ... three times .
after dialing , she put the thing up to her ear .
the suv had been parked right at the head of the driveway so that they could unload the plywood sheets , and fortunately , ad had not locked the thing so she did n't have to worry about the chirp of the alarm deactivating .
but she was going to frickin ' find the thing .
the thing was nearly a full story high , and it was not made of silk : the lilies and roses released a delicate fragrance that reminded her of eddie .
` ` do n't judge , '' she said as she put the thing on the counter and started grabbing eggs and oil from the fridge and cupboards .
her immediate instinct was to reach out , pick the thing back up ... and double - check to see if he had called and she 'd missed it - during the nanosecond the cell was in mid - air .
ad shifted around in his chair , making the thing creak .
as she stepped aside , the angel took out a compass and held the thing up .
when they passed by the grandfather clock , the one that no one set and nobody cranked , the goddamn thing let out a gong .
it was two deep breaths before she could open the thing .
belting his dagger holster around his waist and tucking a crystal knife into the thing was easy in the dark .
grabbing the thing , she brought it right up to her face - like maybe she 'd gotten it wrong or ... no , it had not broken .
after he had taken the thing off .
getting the thing out of there had also been easier than he 'd expected - all he 'd had to do was slip it into his waistband and make sure his t - shirt stayed down .
he put one hand over the other and squeezed hard to make sure the thing did n't get stripped away from him ... and then he followed where it took him .
` ` i mean , for sis not to get a fucking thing ? ''
making a fist , he held the thing over the hole that he 'd made , the silver blood dripping down into the pages , but not pooling .
as sissy 's eyes adjusted , she could only make out the dimensions of the thing first .
the angels and that little bitch were n't incented to destroy the thing , she reminded herself .
his eyes went over to the chaise longue where he had done his terrible act , and although he hated the thing , he 'd kept it for a reason .
the box was slid across the white damask tablecloth , and his brother 's now - big hands shook as he took the thing and popped the lid .
taking the thing out of his biker jacket , he had to blink a couple of times to focus .
all he needed to do was tie the thing to the fixture in his shower - god knew those water pipes had been run in the good old days , when things were strong enough to hold some weight .
all he needed to do was tie the thing to the fixture in his shower - god knew those water pipes had been run in the good old days , when things were strong enough to hold some weight .
the ride was the kind of thing you 'd see on the streets where he was from , the vehicle of a major dealer .
the thing was made of gold and marked with the firm 's trademark mystery set rubies , a 1940s lovely that never failed to please the eye - or do the job .
blay complied , taking the thing and balancing it in the palm of his hand .
` ` that 's not important - ` ` ` ` well , actually , it is if you want me to access the gps and tell you where to find the damn thing - which is why you 're calling , true ?
the thing was not password - protected , and when he went into the messages section , all kinds of kiss - asses had blown up the phone , the texts blah - blah - blahing congrats about the induction ceremony that was going on tonight .
the thing was kitted out to look authentically human , deliberately painted with red aaa logos and the made - up name of murphy 's towing .
blay reached for the door handle , ready to pop the thing and dematerialize the f**k out of there .
` ` oh , christ , no , '' he moaned as he saw two sunburst patterns in the front windshield - the kind of thing that could only be made by a pair of heads slamming into the glass .
` ` or we 'll flip the damn thing all the way over again ! ''
with a curse , blay solved the problem by jogging over to the tow truck and walking alongside as tohr backed the thing up toward the hummer 's collapsed hood .
` ` do n't hit me with that thing , will ya , v ? ''
he could remember the night he got the damn thing .
walking to the shower room , he picked one of the showerheads at random , cranked the thing on , and stepped under the spray .
and in the dark , by himself , with the umbrella of no - one - will - ever - know protecting the moment , why should n't he just work the damn thing , drain the burn , and pass out ?
reaching forward , he patted over the desk until he found his shirt ; then he wadded it up and pressed the thing into the juncture of his thighs .
he then put the thing aside , uncrossed his leg , and leaned forward to balance his elbows on his knees .
as vishous sat down in the chair across the desk , the thing creaked under the weight .
given that the cabin was nothing much from the exterior , just your typical hunting / fishing shack out in the woods , mr . c was tempted to bypass the damn thing .
taking the map out of the inside of his bomber jacket , he unfolded the thing and located where he was .
with a thrust , the brother slammed his massive shoulder into the panels and set the thing flying , fragments of the locking mechanism falling in a scatter along with splinters of wood .
qhuinn had incapacitated the thing , and it appeared to have been working alone .
` ` first of all , you do n't know if ... the damn thing ... can even get airborne .
if the thing was going to go up in flames , like fifteen feet was going to make much of a difference - the explosion was loud , the smoke was thick , and the engine sounded like it was suffering from a mechanical strain of whooping cough .
right on cue , rhage must have put the thing in drive or something , because the airplane eased forward with a groan like every nut and bolt in its body hurt .
and this thing was going to get airborne ?
gripping one side , he threw all the power in his body into the pull and ripped the thing apart , various latches and locks popping free and going flying .
` ` come on , baby , you can do it ... come on ... . '' he had the throttle down flat , and he had to tell his arm to ease off - there was no more juice to be had , but breaking the goddamn thing was guaranteed to f**k them even harder .
figuring there was no time to waste , qhuinn pulled back as hard as he could on the steering wheel , gripping the thing tightly , as if that could somehow be translated to the body of the plane and keep it all together - something fell from the ceiling and fluttered back in z 's direction .
the one thing that appeared to be working was the compass , so at least he could orientate himself to where home base was : the brotherhood compound was due north and a little east , on the top of a mountain surrounded by the invisible , defensive boundary of v 's mhis .
as he snagged his cell phone , he thought of everyone they were both leaving behind - and he passed the thing to the brother .
left to his own devices , qhuinn closed his eyes and threw a prayer up to anyone who might hear the thing .
not in that movie - spiral way , where there was a close - up on the altimeter and the thing was spinning fast as you wished the propeller was .
wrenching the thing open , and getting out his flashlight , he did n't know what to expect inside - smoke ?
he could have sworn the thing was still warm .
slowly closing the flap of the envelope , she turned the thing over in her hand , reached forward , and put it faceup on the desk .
as he went by blay 's door , he could n't help but stop and stare at the damn thing .
for no apparent reason , he thought of one of fritz 's beloved dysons , the thing rolled into a service closet , left in the dark until somebody took it out for use .
the lid had a little silver spoon attached to it , and the thing made a tinkling noise as he filled its belly with coke .
throwing the thing open - assail recoiled and groaned at the onslaught , his weight weaving in his loafers : in spite of the fact that ninety - nine percent of his skin was covered by multiple layers of clothing , and even with the dark glasses , the fading light in the sky was enough to make him falter .
although he could think of at least one thing she could give him that would calm him .
when the thing was closed as she requested , she took a deep breath .
grabbing the thing , he raced out , shot back past the parked cars , and stamped his feet as he waited for fritz to open the way into the mansion .
propping open the screen door with its curlicue metalwork , she buttressed the thing with her hip , let herself in with a key , and closed things back up .
it was likely meant to be a sucker punch , but the windup was so slow and laborious , the goddamn thing could have come with subtitles .
` ` i need ... the chart - ` ` qhuinn bared his fangs and put them right against havers 's ear - as if he were considering biting the thing off .
the thing was nearly big enough to carry a body in , and it was full .
extract ... she was going onto the roof , he thought , as she assembled what appeared to be a speargun , aimed the thing high , and pulled the trigger on a grappling hook .
taking a suction cup , she pushed it into the center of the pane immediately below the latch , and then made a little do - si - do around the thing with her glass cutter .
the bronze depiction of the young girl was the kind of thing her grandmother would have loved , and maybe that was why , of all the art in the house , she zeroed in on it .
i reached for the thing ... and that 's when i saw her .
take the damn thing .
and then he realized that he 'd pushed blay so far back into the arm , the thing was starting to bend out .
qhuinn was in front of the sofa , running parallel to the thing , so there was n't a lot of room - a subtle pumping growl percolated through the air as qhuinn flexed his fingers - like he could n't wait to get hold of what he wanted .
he 'd buy the house another one if they broke the damn thing ; he was not stopping this .
as he walked over to the entrance , his boots crunching in the snow , he half expected the code that unlocked things from the outside not to work : iam had n't come home at the end of the night , and assuming those cocksuckers at the s'hisbe had n't taken the guy for collateral , there was only one place his brother could be : after two pots of coffee and a lot of checking his watch , trez knew that if he wanted to make peace , he had to head across town .
it was possible the cocksuckers had run off with one or the other , but if that was the case , he was going to hunt them down like dogs and show all of the others what happened when you - as his phone rang , he picked the thing up , saw who it was , and hit send .
probably had a barber 's thing with a mother - of - pearl handle .
there was a little black velvet box in there , the kind of thing you put jewelry in .
he was putting on his shirt , a pale blue button - down with french cuffs , when his hands started to shake so badly , there was no fastening the damn thing closed over his chest .
` ` okay , jane 's coming right now , '' he said as he put the thing away .
the angel caught the thing on the fly and stared at the red s. ` ` i ' m sorry , i ca n't . ''
the instant he pounded on it , the thing opened , as if that , along with so much , had been prearranged .
as he filed in with the others , the room they entered was some kind of conservatory , the oversize potted green things and grand piano suggesting many an evening with guests staring up at some opera singer yodeling in the corner .
he and john matthew and rhage did a walk - through of the room , closed the thing off , and then he took up res in front of the entrance on the left , and john matthew did the same on the right .
xcor threw off the concern as he holstered his guns , grabbed hold of the driver 's side door , and yanked the thing clean off its mountings .
the thing was screwed onto one of those old - fashioned holders , the kind that females tended to use , and as he brought the end to his lips to take a drag , the tip extended out past the edge of the chair .
he was dressed in a dark suit of some designer variety - and the thing had to have been hand - tailored as well , given the way it fit him so perfectly .
slamming the thing behind her , she wanted to run to her car , but refused to give in to panic even as she expected him to come after her .
retracting his palm , he shook things out , his instincts going on high alert .
oh ... this was good : behind one of them , there was a covered sled , the kind of thing he 'd seen on tv during the olympics when some skier had crashed through the ropes and been evac 'd down a mountain .
when the big , boxy hangar structure finally came into view , parked right next to it was the single most beautiful thing blay had ever seen .
just followed in her wake to the door , opened the way out ... and shut the thing in her face as she turned around to say something .
when he got to the thing , he punched his way out and breathed in deep .
taking the thing out , he turned it over and over in his palm , thinking about everything that had been said in that corridor .
and yeah , wow , it was completely deranged - and grossly inappropriate - to covet the goddamn thing .
blay put his dagger hand up to his mouth as the thing fell open .
the thing was ancient , the bone not the white of the newly dead , but carrying the darkened , pitted patina of the aged , the sacred , the revered .
when the king brought up his arm , qhuinn suddenly knew exactly how each of the brothers had gotten that star - shaped scarring on their pectoral : an aged silver glove was locked onto wrath 's hand , barbs marking the knuckles of the thing - and within the fist , was the handle of a black dagger .
with the same unerring accuracy , he curled up a fist inside that ancient glove and slammed the thing into qhuinn 's pec , the impact of those barbed knuckles so great , qhuinn 's lips flapped in the gale that blew up and out of his lungs .
no individuals in it ; the group was the thing .
they exited through gates that were both old , and the kind of thing a blowtorch would have needed a couple of hours to get through .
and then as part of her course correction , she knocked into the chair her grandmother had been in - but at least she was able to cover that one up by pulling the thing out and sitting down .
` ` oh , this old thing ?
instead , the guy was focused in the direction of the office , like in his mind he 'd already walked down to the damn thing and put that closet full of paper supplies to good use - the sound of qhuinn cracking his knuckles was loud as gunshots .
made of cream - colored river stone , the manor was n't grand , but rather cozy , with low - beamed ceilings , plenty of fireplaces that were always lit in the cold weather , and a state - of - the - art kitchen that was the only modern thing on the property .
the communion was the thing .
dearest virgin scribe , let her please not wreck the thing .
the first thing he did was go over to his phone , in case she had called or in the event that audi of hers had finally moved after seven nights of going nowhere fast : the damn thing had been parked in front of that house since he 'd paid his visit , as if she mayhap knew he 'd put a tracer on it .
taking the thing out , he saw that it was from beth : all good - layla home safe .
thanks to a lack of attention , his hair had settled flat and smooth , and on impulse , he went for the product blay and he shared , slicking up his palms and running them through the nap , spiking things up .
butch had laid out some kind of story about needing blay to model the damn thing for vishous in hopes of getting the guy to buy one .
with that happy noise , she lost another outfit in her wardrobe - and was n't wrath proud of himself : flashing fangs long as daggers and white as the driven snow , he proceeded to turn her silk button - down into a swiffer , shredding the thing off her naked br**sts , buttons flying everywhere .
although knowing the damn thing 's stamina ?
the big bed in the center of the loft 's vast space had been upgraded since his beth had mated him , and as he stretched out on his back , he had to admit that having sex on the thing was so much better than doing it on the floor .
maybe you had to lift the whole thing up ?
` ` gotcha , '' she hissed , digging her nails into the box and fighting with the hold to get the thing free .
tightening her hand on the thing , she refocused on trying to figure out where she was going to end up - other than a morgue , of course .
trez leaned to the side and picked up her - was it that bra thing she thought was a shirt ?
swiping his thumb across the screen , he put the thing up to his ear even though new york was a hands - free state .
and to think it had n't been the only thing she had inherited from her father .
assail had been on the property once before - when he 'd been following a certain burglar ... and watched her not only break in through a very viable security system , but traipse throughout the mansion without taking a goddamn thing .
but the opener was procured and offered by a shaking hand - and assail knew better than to put the thing to use .
walking over to the door , he muttered , ` ` get the thing out of the trunk , wouldja . ''
trez paused before his second hit , realizing she was n't asking about the real thing .
as for the pale - skinned thing ?
s'ex revealed himself with a quick , no - fuss jerk of the headdress - in spite of the fact that that thing must have weighed thirty pounds .
the damn thing was made out of tungsten- let 's go back now ?
right next to him , the chair where havers had been sitting did n't creak so much as curse - like v had thrown all of his weight into the thing .
well , at least that was generic and obvious , like an astrology report in a magazine - the kind of thing anybody could read into and feel as though it applied to them .
all she needed was the emergency call feature and then she could toss the thing .
stuffing flare - in - the - face guy into the thing was harder than she 'd thought - and not because rigor mortis was an issue , as he 'd apparently died not long after she 'd melted his puss off .
assail rezipped his backpack and strapped the thing on again .
palming the thing , he frowned at what tohr had sent out to everyone : xtra presence needed at clinic .
the first thing he ran into was the pool table butch was chilling next to - and there was barely any time for the cop to get that ashtray up off the side rails : wrath grabbed the gunnels and flipped the thing like it was nothing but a card table , the mahogany and slate - topped behemoth flying up so high , it wiped out the hanging light fixture above , its weight so great it splintered the marble floor beneath on landing .
the entire thing came at john at about five feet off the floor , the pair of ends trading places as it spun around and around , cushions flying in all directions .
fortunately , vishous was able to grab it before the thing hit the mosaic floor out in the foyer - which would have been a bitch to fix .
as the thing swung open , she half expected the way down to be pitch - black - after all , no one had lived here for how long ?
turning the thing over and over in her hands , she idly wished it was an iphone .
the rickety fence in the headlights was the kind of thing you 'd see on a cattle farm - that had been deserted .
as they approached what appeared to be a wooden birdhouse on a rickety stick , the driver put his window down- a gruff , disembodied voice spoke out of the thing : ` ` i gotchu .
by way of an answer , the thing was thrown wide and a medical team came out , doctors , nurses , gurney and all .
putting the thing up to his ear , he finger - tipped around until he located the buttons and then had to recock the dial tone before he could start dialing .
he 'd handled the silver with a genteel flare , as if he used that kind of thing in his own home .
passing by the bed , he had an instinct to remake the whole thing , but that was nerves talking .
his father stared at the carefully hidden digital display ... and appeared to forget how to answer the thing .
oh , wait , he had n't taken the damn thing off .
and it was as she reached out to pick the thing up that the first wave hit her .
the label on the little bottle was facing in , and she twisted things in place to see what it said .
her hands were shaking so badly , it took her several tries to capture the kit , but eventually , she got the thing and brought it down to the floor .
reaching through the water , she pulled the thing off , the adhesive coming free easily .
she had been traumatized enough- her hands went to his shirt and she tugged the thing free of his slacks .
ahgony directed the illumination into the thing .
a sharp sound reverberated in his ear , shrill and loud enough that he pulled the thing away .
no offense , but the angles have been looked at , you ' ve read the thing they sent over - what 's done is done . ''
the problem was , she 'd been too turned about to dematerialize over the damn thing .
opening the thing , she read it once .
she held the thing out for him like she was the man , guiding the fine wool into place on his back , then turning him around and smoothing the lapels .
he put the thing away .
` ` i have a blue pen for the signature line , '' rehv said , taking the thing out of his mink coat .
when rehv put the thing in his dagger hand , he squeezed beth 's palm .
big as a fighter 's fist , it was studded with black stones , the metal twisting in and around itself - and when he removed the thing , all those robes fell to the floor .
rehvenge had left the thing wide on purpose , had n't he .
instead of reading what had been inked upon it , he merely turned the thing around .
` ` screw this , '' he muttered , stumbling forward as he went for the house phone- except it rang before he could pick the thing up to dial the clinic 's extension .
doc jane slid the blood pressure cuff into place and the thing made little puffing noises as it was inflated , the squeeze on her biceps making her think about all the invasive stuff that was going to happen to her if she was , in fact , knocked up .
it was simple white tile , old and well - scrubbed , the kind of thing that managed to look fresh even with its lateral cracks and occasional chips .
glancing down , she watched the ring bounce on the carpet - and frowned as she bent over and picked the thing up .
as she went to put the thing back on , she realized that her fingers were positively skeletal , the skin stretched over knobby knuckles and a sunken palm .
the one thing that was working ?
she was carrying her coat instead of wearing it , and she let the thing , as well as her purse , fall unheeded to the floor .
xcor took the thing and did as asked .
taking off the dark jacket that had been suggested to him , he strapped on his guns and knives and then put the thing back on .
he can have the f**king thing . ''
maybe that way , at least part of this nightmare would be over- the knock on his door was soft , and he caught a whiff of body spray even before the thing opened .
as the butler beamed like he 'd won the lottery , she finished what was in the bowl and allowed him to take the thing from her .
when the retriever was n't helping wrath get around , he was right with the kid , lying in front of the damn thing , on guard twenty - four / seven .
people were not my thing , and parties were definitely not my thing , but at the moment , i would take any distraction to get my mind off of cy .
if that were true , cy would have just taken the damn thing and gone home . ''
` ` think you could get this thing off me ? ''
but the glass was n't the only thing that separated us .
` ` i did n't know that when i saw it on you , it would be the only thing you were wearing .
quit busting my balls and let me see the damn thing . ''
i pulled out the only thing that was close to appropriate : a black crocheted dress with a white liner and three - quarter - length sleeves .
` ` how long have you had that thing ?
right now , though , that badge is the only thing keeping building security from immobilizing you . ''
small talk was not my thing .
whatever was wrong with the stupid thing , i was n't going to find it tonight .
16 as if worrying about avery 's equation and obsessing over my almost - kiss with asher was n't enough excitement for the weekend , i got an email sunday night from dr . danvers requesting a meeting first thing monday morning .
` ` when did you have time to make that thing ? ''
there was a small indent where the owner could press their finger to unlock the thing , and an energy dampener that could lock it down to any surface , making it virtually immovable .
she would n't want to be within two planets if that thing detonated .
the thing looked barely big enough to hold a dog , let alone a human .
if she could land this thing between two of them , she might be able to get them to safety .
she was n't skilled enough to make this thing do what she needed , and the fuel cell was dropping by the second .
if she could keep the airwings steady , she might be able to glide the thing close enough to the structure to land it .
you were the closest thing we had to a stealth team .
now she wished she 'd never heard of the damn thing .
` ` since i have no idea if this thing 's ever been washed , '' she said with a laugh when he raised his eyebrow .
the straps slid down her shoulders , and renna glanced back with a half - smile as she let the lacy black thing dangle from her fingers .
i have n't done a damn thing to make you distrust me , so what the hell is your problem ? ''
longest twenty seconds of my life was trying to wiggle out of that damn thing .
i 'll have to go check on him first thing in the morning . ''
she hated the thing , hated the fact she was about to shoot up a kid with even more of that drug .
you 're the only thing left from that research now , and whoever commissioned it is going to be very pissed off .
by the blasted stars , maybe this implant thing was going to be useful after all .
like renna was just another thing to be used .
the whole thing was made of azure ore from mali v. someone had deep pockets .
you could n't hit the side of a transport ship with that thing . ''
but of course there was no surge of knowledge , no indication the damn thing was even on .
the float mechanism was supposed to be randomized so you had to work for the sweet spot , but she was hitting the damn thing like it was standing still .
before she could grab the thing to switch it off , it gave a low beep and fell to the floor as the grav thrusters cut off .
when this implant thing worked like it was supposed to , it was amazing .
` ` that thing 's kind of useful to have . ''
she wanted to punch the thing as far away from her as she could , but she could n't afford to put viktis in danger again .
light flashed in an electric arc from the motor , and the thing dropped to the floor .
the insides of the thing had melted together , the wires corroded and twisted .
the battery acid she used to buy from there had given her stomachaches for days , but it had been the only thing she could afford , beside the day - old rolls the barista kept for her in back .
when i close the door behind me , i reach into the box , take a caramel cupcake , take off the wrapper , and shove the whole thing into my mouth .
i drank the whole thing .
we both take a cupcake , and without thinking , i remove the wrapper and shove the entire thing in my mouth .
just as the baked sweet touches my lips , she launches forward , snatches it out of my hand , and shoves the entire thing into her mouth .
this was simply a comfort thing .
i told him to buy all the things to make ice - cream sundaes and have ceecee make them both banana splits .
max works at putting thing in the fridge and freezer , calling out , ` ` we got everything we need for a banana split , chips , dip , popcorn , and- '' a beaming ceecee cuts him off with , ` ` we got cupcakes ! ''
i lower my voice and utter , ` ` i ' m a sure thing . ''
i bought the first thing i picked up in the aisle .
i studied his face and wondered how it was that he could look so handsome first thing in the morning .
` ` it 's a hollywood thing . ''
` ` i expect to see you in the office first thing . ''
the only thing separating us from being completely naked together was his black briefs .
he 's a bloody titan , but he could n't do a damn thing to stop the cancer from spreading . ''
the same thing .
a vii would guarantee me riches beyond imagining , things that would make the perfumes and fruits and silks that were sold in the markets look like worthless trinkets instead of the treasures they were .
` ` i ' m not letting you push me around in that thing , '' i said flatly .
without an explanation , knox handed me a plastic thing that felt like a toy , and he unlatched the hole in the ceiling once they both looked satisfied with their choices .
worst case , i 'd take scissors to the damn thing .
apparently it touched a nerve for james as well , because he snapped , ` ` you ca n't do a damn thing to me , and you know it .
we 'll never get rid of the damn thing now , '' said lux , moving through the woods without making a sound .
but now , after the council had granted me immortality , the only thing i risked was my old beat - up car .
` ` the whole point of this is to get persephone to help us , and you being there wo n't do a damn thing to convince her . ''
it looked so picture - perfect that if i had n't known this was someone 's idea of a desert instead of the real thing , i would ' ve guessed it was a mirage .
i miss the sun - the real thing , not the one in my afterlife .
before it had been easy to tell the difference between the ceiling and the floor , but in here they blended together as if it were the real thing .
hell , i was imagining keying the damned thing as i was walking over here . ''
it was a plain - looking thing , military green and made out of a thick , well - worn fabric .
it was funny to think about it , but that muffin might have been the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
if she had n't seen alex tanner in towel just that morning , she would have sworn that this burger was the sexiest thing she 'd ever laid eyes on .
` ` i ' m not going to lie , this might be the best thing that i ' ve ever tasted . ''
` ` that thing has been going off practically non - stop since you fell asleep , '' alex said .
` ` like you 'd be seen in that thing , '' she said .
it would have made a bolder statement if she just slammed the thing down , but it tasted too damn expensive to waste on soothing her anger .
if she had half a brain , she 'd turn the damned thing off or chuck it out the window .
she was the tastiest thing he 'd ever seen , full and ripe and ready to be slowly savored .
except if she did manage to fire this thing , something a hell of a lot worse than someone getting wet would happen .
` ` three months ... okay ... three weeks of near starvation , just to fit in to the damned thing , and that son - of - a - bitch ruins everything . ''
let 's be realistic , '' she said , lifting up the heavy thing to get a better look at it .
she went for the only thing she could find in the confined space .
he 'd fallen asleep at the wheel and wrecked his truck - the only thing he had n't given his wife in the divorce .
i do n't owe you a damn thing . ''
` ` you 're gon na break the damn thing , '' he muttered .
` ` all right , i 'll fly out first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i can still smell perfume in the air , as if she sprayed it last thing , and those panties look as though she just stepped out of them .
` ` honey , that thing 's started more fires than you 'll ever put out , '' his aunt teased .
then she 'd try on the next thing and thank him again .
i 'll leave first thing in the morning , get her moved and be back on tuesday to effect your ' transfer . ' ''
` ` the strap it hangs on is the only thing i ' ve ever made . ''
she toyed with the twenty her last john had paid her , the only thing she had to show for her years with the crew - besides a debilitating drug habit and possibly , likely , an std or two .
the only thing he 'd have to steal would be his truck , but if they were going to do something that rash , they would ' ve tried to take his cruiser .
i hired , when i could afford that type of thing , '' he added sheepishly , ` ` told me she lived here .
he 'd put jake off , said he 'd do it first thing in the morning .
i did n't realize the damn thing was missing until this morning . ''
that thing weighed about twenty pounds and he did n't like lugging it around the house , but he had n't changed out of his uniform yet .
the bulletproof vest was n't the most comfortable thing in the world , but nothing had ever felt better than the tenderness he showed her by running his fingers through her hair .
alana had n't taken a damn thing .
they looked for that type of thing .
` ` one of us will find the damn thing eventually , '' joe added .
that was the one thing that did n't fit .
he fidgeted with that thing so often , wythe wondered why he bothered wearing one - or why he did n't get one that fit properly .
this thing weighs a ton . ''
he 'd drunk the whole thing while waiting for thornick , collingood , henderson and greenley .
the job ted had offered her was the only thing standing between her and complete disaster , the only thing that made it possible for her to fight back - because now she had a way to provide for herself .
the only thing he did n't show her was his bedroom .
she was eager for a few moments of freedom , a few moments when she was n't worrying about whether she was cleaning the right thing or cooking the right thing or if she 'd only end up disappointing ted like she had with her typing .
` ` this thing could put your eye out . ''
meanwhile , i 'll come over first thing in the morning and we 'll start decorating . ''
2 adelaide davies stared at the hole above her , the only thing she could see in this dark space .
` ` i ' m considering going into business with brandon lucero and expanding the shop to include snowboards , skis , that type of thing , '' he said as he flipped on the lights .
` ` and once you find his bike and get the damn thing fixed , send him on his way ! ''
she should n't have bought such a thing to begin with .
they ca n't keep that ... type of thing on ice indefinitely . ''
put on that sexy thing you bought from victoria 's secret while i have a shower . ''
` ` just about destroyed the whole thing . ''
i practically chased her into this guy 's arms , but he does n't have a thing to offer her .
` ` i 'll be here first thing in the morning . ''
i have to repair a roof first thing in the morning . ''
she could n't imagine that the two of them would want to come over and hang with her , not when they had to be at the inn first thing in the morning .
they 'd arranged for eve to watch lucky , and grady to take aaron to a rehab facility in sacramento , so they could leave first thing in the morning .
because it 's cold , and i ' m going to zip this thing up if you 're not . ''
i ' ve watched that damn thing so many times , trying to figure it out .
he was n't sure how , at five - two and a hundred and twenty pounds , she managed to haul that thing around .
so can we please get this damn thing out of the water ?
` ` that was n't the only thing in the bag . ''
besides , the things in that trunk had been put there twenty years ago , when clay was only sixteen .
` ` they found some things in the trunk , '' she said .
` ` i ' m the owner of the paper , the closest thing they have to an investigative reporter .
the damn thing would n't stop bleeding .
he 'd shown up at irene 's first thing this morning , asking if barker might ' ve been responsible for killing eliza !
get that thing away from me .
` ` as long as you keep that thing across the room , '' she muttered .
it was the only thing powerful enough to block the pain .
she 'd gone back inside and was hoping to get warm , poor thing .
but from what she could see , there was n't a thing out of place .
grace called her mother first thing the following morning .
but she did n't know where she 'd put the damn thing after shutting it off .
grace studied the fruits and vegetables and other things they 'd laid out for sale .
` ` the only thing we ' ve got is your father 's bible , '' he said to madeline .
i stopped by to tell you i went to the station first thing and used the databases there .
i ' ve been on this thing just about every minute since you wrote me .
kate chattered all the way home about horse , the dog at her grandma 's ( which was so big it looked like its namesake ) , the trampoline in the backyard ( her ` ` absolute favorite thing ever '' ) , her male cousins ( one of whom she called ` ` mean '' for teasing her about being a shrimp ) .
or was the poor thing just too scared ?
oooeee , what a feisty thing .
she 's a sweet thing , got a chance of being normal .
but even when the damn thing runs , the air conditioner is n't very powerful .
the only thing she had n't bought was a charger for her phone .
leanne ca n't find a damn thing . ''
she was trying to convince herself it was merely a coincidence that she 'd found this ... this thing in john 's workroom .
why would you take the one thing he- '' she caught herself , but owen finished for her .
frustrated by that random thought , she pushed it from her mind and decided to rent a car and drive to mamou first thing in the morning .
` ` he caught that thing at ten years old , '' he said , handing it to her .
his sister had called earlier to say she was coming to see him first thing in the morning .
she 'd been such a feminine thing , despite the engine grease on her hands and clothes and her insistence on doing everything he did .
she 'd tied it earlier , when she 'd been trying to get the damn thing to stay up .
she kept shaking her head , which made it difficult to get the darn thing on .
called them up first thing when i got into boise this morning .
he planned to leave a message saying he was on his way , to suggest a meeting first thing monday morning .
kenny had n't intervened when his little brother helped himself to a candy bar first thing , but no way was he going to allow brent to get hold of another p**n video .
she would never let her boys see her wearing such a thing .
` ` oops , i guess you need some brake lights on that thing , huh ? ''
i ' m sure he 'll call you first thing in the morning , '' she added .
` ` i guess i could ' ve dug my car out of the snow , but the closest thing i have to a shovel is a broom . ''
` ` i ' m leaving first thing in the morning . ''
but he had n't been able to burn the damn thing as he 'd originally intended .
harvey , the owner , had complained every day about the money she was costing him , until the part to repair the darn thing finally came in .
not exactly the kind of news i like to hear about my good friend first thing in the morning .
mike ordered eggs benedict and katie chose the cheapest thing on the menu - two eggs any style with two strips of bacon and a piece of toast .
poor thing might get hurt again .
they messed up the place , stole a few things , and- '' ` ` do n't tell me the police think it was booker , '' rebecca said .
` ` can we get this thing unloaded ? ''
` ` that thing is toast , man .
in her panic , she could n't remember where the damn thing was - but she managed to hit it before he could open the door .
she 'd also left a message with a locksmith , asking him to contact her first thing in the morning .
the only thing paris did n't have handy was the garbage bag hidden in her trunk .
these cards seemed to hold more significance to mexicans than the same thing did to americans .
the uhf transmitter camouflaged as an outlet adapter looked just like the real thing .
the logo on moreno 's t - shirt was the only thing they had to indicate he was from durango .
a taser was the only thing that might provide the force she needed without doing permanent damage .
` ` but now that you ' ve shot me with that damn thing , '' he went on , as if she had n't spoken , ` ` you can kiss my ass . ''
` ` you shoot me with that thing again and i swear- '' ` ` you do anything , anything at all to endanger me , and i will shoot you again , '' she cut in .
where could leonard have gotten hold of such a thing ? ''
the br**sts he 'd superimposed over her bikini top were gorgeous - for all he knew they were nicer than the real thing .
` ` that silver thing in the ashtray . ''
just tell me you have the code to shut the damn thing off before we get busted . ''
with some reinforcements , he could make the damn thing stand straight , no problem .
some damn thing .
epilogue this diamond was the real thing .
` ` the poor old thing .
elspeth plays at the thing .
sweet , another thing i could n't afford .
but this - this - is the tidiest thing in your entire apartment . ''
i decide not to take things out of the stockings , because i ' m worried i wo n't remember how to put everything back in the right place .
when he first married her , i was n't sure how things would be , but she was sweet and normal and not at all like my real mom , who 'd been fond of flying into rages and throwing things and who was off somewhere in new mexico , committing credit card fraud .
` ` my grandmother used to make these things ... not sure if you 'd call them sculptures or what , out of wood and sea grass .
the whole thing is still steaming .
` ` i have n't made a single thing she 's liked . ''
clint went to grab the old - fashioned suitcase , lifting the giant thing as if it weighed nothing at all .
is the whole thing filled with portraits like this ? ''
` ` watch where you aim that thing . ''
is that the thing you put on the end ?
` ` i did n't know what to do , so i took the whole thing . ''
` ` just wiggle your nose , your eyebrows , and your cheeks , and try to get that thing off . ''
` ` you look half - starved , you poor thing .
no symbols had appeared , and a handprint was the only thing that would reasonably fit in that square .
it was slimmer than mine , but still full of the same things - papers i could n't read , what looked like a copy of the test everyone in the country had to take on their seventeenth birthday , and certificates i did n't recognize .
she turned toward teddy , whose eyes focused on the thing she was holding for a moment before unfocusing again .
i suppose i 'll be able to stomach one meal with you in that thing . ''
` ` here - take that thing off .
` ` he sent me updates - pictures , reports , that kind of thing .
this thing is bulletproof . ''
two flames burn beneath it , and the whole thing hisses and bubbles and steams like a large , deadly viper getting ready to strike .
` ` you are a bloodthirsty thing , i 'll give you that . ''
he had access to this very trunk when he traveled with my things when they were sent from the convent .
the remaining members of the privy council will be meeting first thing this morning .
and suddenly , she is no longer my duchess or sovereign , but a young wounded thing , like those who arrive at the convent every year , and it is that girl that i try to speak to .
slowly , i maneuver the thing around until i can extract it from the hole i have made .
` ` what thing did you pretend to be ? ''
there was just enough room in seth and georgie 's office for one other chair - an uncomfortable hammocky thing from ikea .
it was a safety check , proof that they were both still in this thing .
` ` you know , naomi was watching tv on this thing earlier .
she was n't going to touch that thing again .
how terrible would it be to be that poor girl in nebraska - to know that your boyfriend broke up with you first thing in the morning , so he could rush off to be with somebody else ?
` ` it 's this thing they made when we were kids , kind of a lazy susan with crayons and markers and paints . ''
the thing in her mouth was moving .
i jerked the curtain closed , feeling slightly uncomfortable that the only thing keeping hunter from seeing me naked , was a shower curtain .
` ` you got me all hot and bothered , and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it while i ' m working . ''
he took out a bottle of water and drank the whole thing .
she was a tiny little thing , short and skinny .
she was a tiny little thing ; someone like me could break her in half , but she had these green eyes that drew you in and deep red hair piled on top of her head that looked like it weighed more than she did .
i picked up the first thing within reach , which happened to be the toothbrush holder , and threw it at the mirror , shattering it , right along with my heart .
we 're out of here first thing in the morning .
the only thing we share is the laundry room .
from almost every point in the hotel you can see the ocean ; this is the thing that sold mackenzie on it .
the only thing located in the hallway is a bathroom with a small stand up shower .
it 's my favorite thing that she owns .
` ` he picked up the first thing he could lay his hands on , which happened to be cordless phone , and threw it at me .
she closes her eyes and groans as if it 's the best tasting thing in the world .
we ' ve got places to go and things to buy . ''
eli nods his agreement , ` ` i 'll call her first thing in the morning . ''
kicking off my shoes , i stagger into the kitchen and go right for the only other thing that will calm this ache in my chest , my tequila .
it 's a pin striped halter top looking thing with ties in the front that has a matching garter belt and white stockings .
` ` how do you turn this thing on ? ''
the girl was cute , a tiny little thing .
he helps us get our things from the trunk , when everything is out summer wheels her suitcase inside and gives knox and i a minute alone .
i do n't know why mama always insists on taking this damn thing anyway ; we have a fridge in the camper .
i drop the stupid thing and stalk off towards his bmw .
` ` did you put snow tires on this thing before we left ? ''
this thing ?
i told calvin their plan is to get off the mountain and hijack a car , and he 's going to go out first thing tomorrow and patrol the roads .
four straight days of wearing the same thing was enough for me . ''
if on page 13 i wrote justin timberlake 's initials with mine in a heart on my sneakers , only to throw them out the next day when laura duke teased me for it , or if on page 98 i set up base camp outside roger lin 's locker just to see if he 'd notice me there , or if on page 154 i entered a milkshake - drinking contest to be able to stand next to mark tamlin for fifteen minutes , only to have him puke vanilla chum onto my skechers ... well , somehow i felt these pages did n't bear consideration as i headed to page 239 and bought a ten - dollar handm wallet for a boy because it was the only thing in the world i knew for sure he liked , including me .
jael did the heavy lifting , hoisting the thing , then he helped dred hide the tripwire .
it tried to hover up out of his reach , doubtless in response to vost 's orders , but jael used a wall to launch and snagged the thing in the air .
cook made a production of the retrieval , pulling it off the wall with great ceremony , then he lofted it a few times , just so the spectators had a sense of how bloody huge the thing was .
` ` this was the closest thing we had to a temple .
15 baiting the trap ` ` this thing is sodding huge , '' martine bitched .
as they worked , dred developed an idea how the thing would work once it was finished .
` ` there has to be a way to turn this thing off , '' martine said , pacing .
part of her wished she could find a good vantage and explode the thing with a rifle , but she could n't take the chance that the shot would echo , drawing the mercs back .
if fate was kind , the thing would explode in vost 's hands , solving the problem .
put the thing on manual .
the only thing back this way was the ladder to the next level .
she sucked in a shuddering breath and realized there was one thing he could give her that would shut off her brain for a while .
calypso took up her staff , an impressive feat of scrap engineering ; the thing did n't look like it had any smooth edges , so it must cut into the other woman 's palm , but she showed no visible signs of distress .
getting the thing up the shaft was a bitch , but for the work that would go on up here , they needed privacy .
` ` our love would be a pale , weak thing if it could n't survive privation as well as plenty . ''
the thing was beeping in sequence , but the lights and sounds made no sense to jael .
the thing went to work on his injuries , but the pain sent a raw shudder through him .
without ike to maintain it , if the thing was damaged in this firefight , dred was n't sure if anyone could put it back together again .
it was n't the sort of thing that made for a quick pitch .
jael fell into the spirit of the thing , leaning forward as wills dumped the fine bones into his palms .
` ` and it 's the last thing to go .
this thing had three of them - a rifle so powerful it was known as a shredder , an actual cannon mounted on its chest , and an energy gun that could fry you like a side of meat .
what they thought they could do when they got to the thing , though - jael leapt , answering her question .
then he opened up on the peacemaker , emptying the chambers at the thing 's head .
with his added force and the peacemaker fighting every inch they drew it back , it was n't long before the laser bent until the next shot would probably make the thing explode .
` ` wills , can you strip that thing , now that it 's inert ? ''
ike delivered the whip ; it was a ceremonial thing fashioned of leather made from rodent skin and tiny metal barbs .
the thing had engine codes for equipment jael would ' ve guessed did n't work at all .
at the moment , he was helping einar load the thing up .
this time , when wills ordered the unit to accompany them , it beamed the deck 47 destination straight to the lift controls , and the thing lurched into motion .
furthermore , the thing was piled so high with salvage and parts that it obscured vision for anyone shorter than the big man .
come to think of it , the thing served as a functional portable barricade .
` ` is this thing packing explosives ? ''
her extra weight did n't slow the thing , which hovered so that jael and the big man moved it along as they walked .
the men would riot if there was no grog when the thing breaks down . ''
all the men would need to be trained in that , but before it was necessary , they had to get the thing working .
given that the droid had accompanied wills everywhere since they found the thing , she was surprised he had n't been using it .
on his knees , he peered at the thing , and the rest of the squad called out suggestions .
the thing was huge , like he could behead three people in a single swing .
from what she could tell , he had the thing about half put together .
the damned thing wo n't even turn on , let alone function as intended . ''
` ` if einar and jael do n't turn on you , then pull the thing apart for your enemies . ''
you 're a thing .
jael tried on a smile , but he could n't quite fasten the thing properly .
one hit from that thing would cleave her in two .
maybe if you cared less about the look of the thing , you 'd have been in her bed sooner .
consequently , the thing ran only half the time , and at the moment , it was a big paperweight .
it was a white , diaphanous wisp of a dress , all chiffon and flutters , not the sort of thing i 'd usually wear , but it was enough of a nod at flapper - style that i was willing to try .
it was the closest thing mount albion had to a hipster bar , where students and townies could mingle .
it was too early to say goodbye in person , so i 'd bought this silly thing at the dollar store : orange and russet ribbons , twining around a tiny cornucopia with plastic fruit spilling forth .
the kitschy thing looked thanksgiving - ish and was n't too heavy to tie around the doorknob .
once i had plaid flannel , his favorite thing , apparently , i went into the kitchen to swap shirts .
that was the last thing my dad bought for me before he left , and i 'd taken a dorky pride in writing down all my friends ' contact info .
it was too late for me to do anything tonight , so i went to bed and checked first thing in the morning .
it was pretty close to the best thing i ever tasted .
my mom wore a frozen , slightly desperate look , as if she 'd noticed that the conversation was a beached and dying whale but she did n't know how to shove the unwieldy thing back into the ocean .
` ` but i promise i 'll think you 're beautiful - with or without makeup , first thing in the morning , whenever .
well , maybe pretend to look at cars , and shake his hand too hard- '' ` ` i 'll be there first thing .
also , if i started gaming first thing , i knew myself , and i 'd likely end up calling in sick .
back when i bought it , i thought it was the prettiest thing i 'd ever seen .
shrugging , i ate the fried thing and settled in a glider chair on the deck .
i got the potholders and delivered an egg casserole thing to the table .
` ` i do n't want to brag but i can take pretty much any broken thing and get it going again . ''
he 'd likely had the thing since freshman year , but it suited him .
why did that thing adam was holding look so familiar ?
adam apologized for springing the mac thing on me , then offered me some of the money .
he scowled at me and took a seat on the doctor 's wheelie chair , dwarfing the thing .
unfortunately my anger added force to it and my aim sucked , so it smacked into one of the neon beer signs that decorated the wall and shattered the thing into a million pieces .
i would n't even fit in the thing .
chapter 8 rome i was sprawled out under the pool table , trying to get the stupid thing level , when several pairs of worn motorcycle boots were suddenly the only things i could see through the legs i had jacked up off the floor .
by the time we got around to dinner , it was ice cold but it was still the best thing i ever ate because she made it and because soon i was going to have her all to myself in a place all our own .
rule had the same thing on , only he was wearing a black jacket over his with a pinstripe pattern running through it .
she 's a sure thing , i bet . ''
he collected my hair up in both his hands as i started rolling , sucking , licking the thing in a way that had his abs contracting and his thighs quivering .
that damn thing was a tiny hand magnet .
she had on a red lacy top that was cut low over the swells of her br**sts and it looked like if she leaned in just the right way , the entire thing would fall down and expose her entire chest .
her body was the kind of thing i used to think never really existed outside of a sports illustrated swimsuit issue , and if all of that was n't enough in a supersexy package , she was also really nice , superfunny , and just quirky enough to make her approachable and engaging .
` ` to a ten - year - old boy you were the prettiest thing i had ever seen .
my hands were so tense on the steering wheel that i was surprised i did n't break the damn thing in half .
the leaving seems to be the thing that sticks . ''
` ` i could n't figure out how to turn the little stove thing on . ''
she told me if i could get nash and rule to agree , as well as the other guys , jet , rome , and asa , the thing would fly off the shelves .
as it turned out , she had purchased an old victorian in governors park and the thing was in absolute disrepair .
` ` i think anything with a heartbeat and a vagina might be your thing . ''
that thing had to have been somewhere secure , somewhere expensive .
i scrambled to my feet and put on the first thing i could find , which happened to be bax 's hoodie .
even though he was leaving for school soon , he had n't packed a thing , apparently .
there 's a little thing down here where you pour something in and then the heat makes it aromatic . ''
` ` i ' m not an invalid , and you 're sucking up at least half the hudson with that thing , '' she says .
louis shoots out of his chair and leans his hands on my desk , a giant thing made of my favorite wood , walnut .
` ` how do i get in this thing ? ''
` ` the cashier 's check will be on your desk first thing , fairchild .
confident that there is n't a white powder risk , steve slits the envelope open with his hk knife , a large wicked - looking thing .
` ` put that thing away ! ''
jake calls first thing .
her lips are lush , ripe fruit that beg for my teeth , and her tongue is a swift , darting thing inciting lust with every caress .
she smiles at me , a wicked thing full of naughty promise .
i mean , the home i live in is pretty fucking big , but this damn thing looks like it has three stories and a basement .
i completely forgot that this morning , when my mom woke me up freaking out about the photo , i just tugged on the nearest thing and did n't bother putting on a bra .
` ` i know i need to relax , but it 's a hell of a lot difficult , '' i draw a line up the side of my thigh , ` ` when i have this thing strapped onto me . ''
ca n't cook a damn thing except for the sweet stuff . ''
i ' ve probably read the thing a thousand times since i found it over two years ago .
they start banging on the door , like they 're going to break the damn thing down .
` ` you see this f**king thing right here ?
nancy asks , glancing up at me with starvation in her eyes as she searches her backpack , looking for the one thing that can feed her hunger .
sit - in dining has never been his thing .
` ` and i do n't want him to sell the house ... it 's the only real thing i have left of my mother . ''
` ` and twister was that thing ? ''
` ` no , the whole thing got trashed during a fight just barely ... damn drunk assholes landed on it . ''
i get up from my bed and head in the direction of the thing i ' m unfamiliar with .
but nope , the only thing fastened to my lips is a filter .
two years later , the damn thing still looks like a piece of shit with its mismatching doors , a dented in hood , and an engine that backfires as the car bounces over a speed bump .
` ` you can see through the entire thing . ''
foreplay was never my thing .
then he lifts his own glass and chugs the whole thing down in one swallow .
the next day after we 'd left the police station , i 'd taken her to the hospital despite her protests because she was in so much pain she could barely move the damn thing .
' this thing is a pain in the ass and not going to hold all the water out if i submerse it completely . '
i ' m not sure what that chick 's problem is but she bumped into me and then tried to act like it was my fault , so i replied with a nice knock in her side with this thing .
what the hell did greyson put in this thing ?
but the damn thing would n't play . '
' fine , i will kick this damn thing a few times , but only if we can stop talking about me , my brain , and my anger issues . '
' this thing is anything but ugly . '
i wonder , taking a sip of my coke , the one and only thing i recognized on the menu .
the thing barely covers her ass making her long legs look nearly endless .
violet would blend in with the darkness , but seth , callie and her decided to take this weird lipstick - looking thing and draw all over the skin showing , which means violet is glowing with designs and patterns on almost every inch of her body .
i walk over to the thing that looks like a flying saucer with bars on the top of it and hop on .
the faster her runs the faster the thing spins until everything around me is a blur of shapes and colors .
' come with me , beautiful ; i think i have an idea for the perfect thing for you .
' so what 's the naughty thing you wanted to show me ? '
the only thing nearby is the old - looking brick entrance to the main office of the university of wyoming that 's surrounded by trees and a few benches .
' nah , i kind of want to see you shaking your thing solo . '
and then the moment was over , kann opened the door , and with a sonic boom , the entire thing exploded into flames .
since the only thing other than the book that lucy had given me in recent memory was a throwing knife barreling toward my face , i dismissed my ` ` multiple sources '' theory and flipped through the pages again .
` ` that 's the other thing we managed to pull off the disk .
` ` noah just sent this email thing around , '' lucy explained .
it was like he suddenly realized he could make a lot more money off of this thing underground than above .
ross may be able to tell the difference between the target and our decoy , but nobody else will , and if he 's willing to double - cross peyton to sell his technology to the highest bidder , i seriously doubt he 'll balk at swapping a decoy in for the real thing . ''
i got bubbles on voice mail , which was somewhat amusing , because she 'd had technical difficulties programming her phone , and the whole prerecorded message was just her going , ` ` is this thing on ?
` ` there 's a reason that so many terrorist groups wanted this thing , '' amelia said , ` ` and there 's a reason peyton , kaufman , and gray was funding the research .
` ` and there are four seniors nominated , even though none of them are here today , because they 're ... posing for seventeen magazine ... . '' the lie seemed like the kind of thing everyone would buy , and by the time the magazine actually came out , another rumor would have jumped to the forefront of the gossip mill .
` ` turn that thing off , '' chloe said darkly .
` ` look , i ' m turning this thing off so i can eat , but for the love of gucci , flirt with chip .
` ` we 'll get this thing , tare , '' our captain promised .
` ` you just plug this thing into that thing , and then it does its thing . ''
` ` you just plug this thing into that thing , and then it does its thing . ''
` ` did n't we use that for the , like , thing with the thing ? ''
that guy we had to take out who 'd stolen that nuclear laser thing ?
` ` is there any way to turn the volume down on this thing ? ''
the same thing that let her hit a target a football field away meant that even from our vantage point , a block away , she could still make out the details of the scene .
what if this thing was n't a werewolf ?
` ` you 're not making this thing kill , maddy .
chapter thirty - eight it took us an hour to get to the closest airport , a tiny little strip of a thing that did n't fly commercial .
the bond that connected us to each other was the same thing we 'd used to mark the land .
` ` you could n't just give us that thing and walk away . ''
it was the kind that had geographical information on it as well as official boundaries : rivers , mountains , that kind of thing .
` ` and out here in the real world , when you need answers , we have this wonderful thing called google . ''
` ` but if it is something big ... '' nix got a taste of the thing she was offering him , and it warmed him more than the coffee .
it was a glint , a glare , a flickering aura - the kind of thing that could n't be seen from outside the fade .
most people would n't enjoy ap chemistry first thing in the morning .
we came out and everything was missing , including her hidden things in the trunk .
i focused on packing up my things and prepared to move into my new place .
he finally had to put the thing on silent because we were tired of hearing it ring .
` ` we 're twins , so my baby would be the closest thing she 'd ever get to having one of her own .
in no way was i going to let him stick that used thing inside of me without covering it up .
you keep that thing in your pants and i 'll keep mine on . ''
the whole thing was covered in this red shiny shit that i knew would shine from the lights above the stage .
after that things fell into place .
she 'd grabbed the buckle to my belt and ripped the whole thing out of the loops of my pants .
i grabbed the thing away from him and maneuvered my body behind the door .
she 's just a petite little thing , with curves in all the right places . ''
she 's a little spitfire , and her voice is the prettiest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
it 's overwhelmingly huge , but still the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever laid eyes on . ''
in the past six months , they 'd set things on fire , broke a full - sized tractor , took a farm truck for a joyride , and shaved their cousin 's head .
we should have suspected that something was wrong when they had n't called or had come beating on the door first thing .
colt did the digging with the machine , probably needing the time inside the little thing to gather his thoughts .
by dinner , the guys had the whole thing framed out and the roof on .
you know they promised they would , and that 's why i agreed to let them get the damn things in the first place .
you poor thing .
we 'll leave first thing in the morning and meet you at home . ''
this chair is n't the most comfortable thing to sleep in . ''
when he finally fell asleep , i took the thing and went through his songs .
i hung up the phone and turned the damn thing off .
we were waited on hand and foot and even had this hut looking thing that had rooms in it ..
she had the same thing .
` ` you planning on spanking me with that thing ? ''
amy hated the damn thing .
chapter 5 conner denying myself a piece of that little hot thing was hard , but i knew she was n't ready .
the only thing i had to worry about now was getting my things and making sure he did n't come after me .
his mattress was the only thing left on his bed .
we still had a bunch to get , including new decorations for the tree and a bunch of things for the kids .
they started walking toward the house without grabbing a single thing .
ca n't you hang the f**king thing upside down or something ? ''
she was wearing one of my college t - shirts and her belly filled the whole thing out .
i swirled the ice around and took down the whole thing at once .
since ty could n't have van , he picked the closest thing to her .
my family took that as a go ahead to buy her every single thing that you could buy that went with the doll .
the only thing that we still had was savanna 's dress .
` ` give me that thing before i shove it so far up your ass you ca n't find it . ''
it worked out better because i had no idea how the thing was originally put together .
i know you are worried , but if he is at your place he does n't have access to the things he has here .
ty and miranda were leaving first thing in the morning to go home , so after everyone except for them left , we sat down and talked about our idea for conner .
i loved that thing , but colt said it was a cb pillow , because it always blocked him from getting any .
you were the prettiest thing i think i ever laid eyes on . ''
the ride home was quiet , with the exception of colt and van telling me i needed to pack up my shit and leave first thing in the morning .
the thing had n't been usable in at least ten years and was filled with random farming equipment .
` ` i think we will just take our things to your parents place . ''
` ` okay , are your things in the trunk or the backseat ? ''
she looked down at izzy who was already trying to get the thing to keep moving .
he had put so much work into that thing .
we took turns hitting the bottle of wine until the thing was empty .
holy f**king shit that is the hottest thing ever !
he jumped up and wrapped a blanket around his waist , but before he could make it out of the bedroom , she was already noticing things out of place in the living room .
when it really started to get dark , we gathered our things and made our way back to the farm .
her toothbrush was one thing i had n't packed .
` ` you two are the closest thing to brothers that you are ever goin ' to get . ''
we can pick up all of your things and stop by the farm to get daisy .
if he talked to me like that i would have bit off the damn thing .
did he really just spend days f**king my neighbor only to come home and want to stick that dirty thing in me ?
an hour later , i 'd gotten my things from the motel and we were pulling up at the farm .
the only thing i could grab was the bouquet of roses .
she looked like a little grown - up , while being the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
i ' ve got to fly back to fort jackson first thing in the morning to report back for duty .
it was the utmost comfortable thing i 'd ever laid on .
she hated the idea of me having the thing , but i liked the power between my legs , especially when i had a chick on the back .
my mom had made it clear that i was to stay and show everyone my new place , but i was too curious not to check things out .
i grabbed the first thing in my drawer and tossed it over .
instead of sitting on my couch and drinking the whole thing , i had six before noon and decided to work on the exhaust of my car .
i 'd missed our talks and the way she smiled first thing in the morning , even when she was extremely grumpy .
` ` i do n't want the damn thing .
i waited for the thing to stop beeping before i tried to talk .
since i 'd lived in the apartment before , i knew where to find all the things to make coffee .
ryan covered his ears and began laughing , while i fought to get the damn thing to shut up .
her little pink bra was the only thing standing between me and those supple tits .
aside from her being upset , she was still the sexiest thing i 'd ever laid eyes on .
luckily , this pretty little thing who was working the event had someone cancel .
much to my surprise , jammer had set the darn thing to record every single billiards competition that was televised .
the damn thing was on its side and sliding right for my car .
` ` when i originally got this place , it was the only thing i brought from my old house .
as hot as the gun looked on her , it was the first thing that had to come off .
the screaming was louder and we could hear thing being thrown .
there was no way that thing could be a disappointment .
since he never put a damn thing away , he never assumed that i would have done so .
ford my dad had to end up helping shayne carry the sofa bed outside , since i could n't use my broken arm to lift the thing .
` ` you sure i do n't look like a penguin in this thing ? ''
i could always count on him being a total dick first thing in the morning .
an hour later , after i watched a long dick looking thing go underneath the sheet , we were looking at two blobs on the little monitor .
wow , guess you never get action in that thing . ''
i bought her things and took her places a lot actually , when it was just us , and we were n't fighting about stupid shit , i actually enjoyed her company .
you were fine with stickin ' your thing in me to shut me up .
i changed my outfit three times before putting the first thing back on .
while gathering my things i say goodbye to ash and the twins .
carson callahan might be a band geek , but he had money , too , which was why the bracelet was a heavy , expensive thing loaded down with a dozen charms that jingled together .
things in public places that lots of people used or that had a simple , specific function .
for some reason , the dagger was the only thing here that was n't covered with blood .
` ` the bowl of tears is exactly the kind of thing that the reapers would love to get their hands on .
i did n't know how every single thing worked at mythos academy , but i was pretty sure that dead people could n't make statues topple off buildings .
despite the fact that i 'd almost been turned into catnip , it was seriously the coolest thing that i 'd ever seen .
it was the only thing i 'd swiped from the valkryie 's room that i had n't looked at yet .
as for why , well , i thought that it might be good to have the real thing handy since your spartan boyfriend killed my illusion last night . ''
it 's the latest thing on the menu . ''
i took my sweet time stuffing my things into my messenger bag , so that everyone else had left by the time i was done , leaving me alone with metis .
it was exactly the kind of thing i 'd expected to see , exactly the kind of thing i had seen hundreds of times before when touching someone 's clothes .
not this - this useless thing . ''
everything was smashed , stomped , and broken , like someone had taken great glee in destroying every single thing he could .
a second later , the thing on my back slid off and clattered to the floor , and i realized what had happened - someone had thrown a plate of food at me .
thanks to nickamedes and his obsessive need to organize and label every single thing in the library , i was able to pull up a file of all the books that were supposed to be on the shelf above the ruined artifact case .
to my surprise , it had folded up quite easily , and i 'd looped it over and over again , until the whole thing was no bigger and not much thicker than a belt .
this thing had so many rows of teeth that it looked more like a torture device .
the gryphon must have stepped on the trigger , causing the trap to snap shut , and the rows of sharp metal teeth had dug into the poor thing 's leg .
another thing i could n't let the reapers get their hands on .
then , i wrapped the rest of the cloth all the way around logan 's waist and tied the whole thing together as tightly as i could .
i thought i had to find a spear or something - that mysterious shadowy thing that 's on the fresco on the ceiling of the library of antiquities that you showed me . ''
i fiddled with the leaves on the bracelet for a few more seconds before tucking the whole thing back under the sleeve of my purple hoodie .
i touched first one thing , then another , systematically going down the table and two rows of artifacts , and spending a few minutes with each item .
i rolled my eyes , but i knew there was nothing i could do but go along with him and his obsessive need to catalog every single thing in the entire freaking library .
` ` the candle is n't the only thing in the library with magic .
not the sort of thing most warriors would look at for more than a few seconds .
grandma frost and i raced over to the adult gryphon , and i threw the net over his back , looped it around his neck , and tied the whole thing together .
the only thing that was n't here was sol 's candle , which i 'd handed over to linus before the guards had led me away .
i also belted vic and his scabbard around my waist again , which meant the only thing left on the table was sol 's candle .
once she made it into the boundaries of my room she slipped it down revealing the tightest , skimpiest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` i ca n't get on that thing .
i shook my head , realizing how stupid i must look with the large thing on my head .
the thing was hard as a rock when i found it still stuck in the roller tray .
we pulled up to the bar , and my motorcycle was the only thing in the parking lot .
i ca n't wait to get that thing on your finger . ''
` ` yeah , got some body scrub thing to remove it . ''
` ` dammit , i got another shock from that thing . ''
` ` i swear the thing is enchanted .
` ` did you snap up that pretty little thing already , con ?
i ' m not putting that thing on . ''
what does this thing do anyway ? ''
` ` oh , can i put the ball in that pretty beach thing there ? ''
the tennis dress thing was different from the last one she wore .
i rip the thing out of gomes ' hands .
two more swift motions and the barrel is separated so the entire thing looks like a dissected animal in pieces on the pavement .
the american strides forward from the far end of the alley and gives me an irritated look as he reloads his gun , a long , skinny barrel - looking thing on the end of it .
sad how quickly daniel has become the only safe thing in my life .
or was this the only thing he could find ?
i shove the gun into the back of my jeans , grab a bunch of toilet paper , and remove the damn thing .
not so good with the comforting thing . ''
maybe we 'll have sex first thing when we wake up , and i can eat her out in the shower .
` ` a squishy black thing ? ''
my car , the one thing in my life that has n't been shit on , is being ruined and i want to scream .
i always felt ridiculous giving them the apple , but my mother is very big on being ` ` generous '' to everyone and is always giving out things , even hugs .
i duck my head in caution and continue walking straight ahead , not even caring about the puddles anymore , only intent on gripping the hanger , which may be the only thing i can use to ... to what ?
i squeeze her wrist and notice how sleek and small it is in the circle of my fingers , then i realize she 's the only thing i allow myself to touch without a glove .
i reach into my bag , nicely tucked under my poncho , and grab the first thing i find .
` ` i am a sure thing , and he 's my sure thing .
` ` i am a sure thing , and he 's my sure thing .
why slap me in the face with the first thing you could find ? ''
` ` a button i found on this thing here called a phone .
` ` careful with that thing . ''
she almost took him out first with the damned thing . ''
the damn thing was broken again .
` ` i ' m thinking i have to take this damned thing off . ''
she smirked as she walked , still clothed in his top , to the odd white thing in the corner , flicked a knob , and stuck her hand under the water rushing out .
` ` you 're good with that thing , '' she said .
` ` damn , i ca n't wait to see where the hell this thing is going . ''
` ` where the hell did he get that thing ? ''
now that your father is dead , you do n't owe the organization a damn thing .
the weight of the thing together with the enforced darkness had made her feel claustrophobic .
` ` i ' m not the only one working on this thing .
probably tear the thing to shreds and eat the plastic raw .
she would be delighted to tell him that the carrot - stick thing was n't working one damn bit .
the real thing ? ''
she 's got a drop - dead , sexy black dress and a simple but elegant beige thing with long sleeves and a knee - length hem .
she put aside the photograph she had been about to stuff into the carton with evident relief , and crossed the room to the table that held the coffee things .
` ` i know you want to be on the road first thing in the morning .
` ` i ' ve got to get back to portland tonight to catch a plane to california first thing in the morning .
` ` all right , i dropped by her house that day , but i swear i did n't take a damn thing .
after i closed down the cult , i used them to make money in a variety of ways - blackmail , investment scams , that kind of thing .
the little statue had passed for the real thing since it had been created .
not the kind of thing you put on display in the living room .
she was in the bedroom , throwing a few things into a small carry - on bag on the off chance that she might have to spend the night in vegas , when rose shouted from the landing on the second floor .
the thing just has to be made of some kind of modern alloy . ''
i told you , the damn thing has a habit of disappearing . ''
the computer was not the only thing in the case .
` ` the energy leaking out of that thing will probably make the passengers sitting around us a little edgy . ''
i can light the thing , or at least i can stir up enough energy to make it glow , but i ca n't access its full power .
` ` there 's just too much power in the thing for any one individual to handle . ''
there 's just too much energy in the thing . ''
can you work this thing or not ? ''
` ` you 're really going to give that thing to arcane ? ''
` ` here 's the thing , '' she said .
check out the financials , ownership , that kind of thing .
` ` remember you said that you were pretty sure the energy in this thing was meant to do something besides stabilize my dream psi ? ''
` ` i ' m sorry , i do n't think i can walk and carry this thing at the same time . ''
i can light the lamp , of course , but only jack or someone with his particular psychic genetics can access the deep power in the thing .
` ` how can you write that kind of thing ?
` ` letting him out first thing in the morning is n't exactly a favor .
` ` i 'll get back to it first thing in the morning , '' she assured him .
i watched saiman load bananas and milk into a manual blender and crank the handle , cutting the whole thing into a coarse mess .
and now we had to properly dispose of the cursed thing , because dealing with corpses of magical creatures was like playing russian roulette .
more likely a sober , long - sleeved flannel thing that fell to her ankles .
the last item was the real thing , not caramel - colored sugar water , he noted .
do n't you dare touch a thing until i get there . ''
she was gon na leave first thing in the morning and never come back . ''
` ` i ' ve known for a long time now that my claim on dreamscape was the only thing i could use to hold you .
` ` he loves that thing .
it 's all over town that you walked into incandescent body bakery with her first thing this morning . ''
` ` must have left the damn thing in the house . ''
you 're trying to slip and slide around this thing .
` ` maybe his sudden appearance on the doorstep first thing this morning did help to put some things into perspective .
` ` this thing really puts out some wattage , does n't it ? ''
` ` i do n't read that sort of thing . ''
is this thing valuable ? ''
` ` what do you think this thing 's worth ? ''
` ` you really think this thing is worth a quarter million ? ''
` ` all the same , i think i 'll give octavia a call first thing in the morning and warn her .
sooner or later , someone would be bound to notice the damn thing . ''
works like this , see , she hides the picture , pretends it got stolen and later , when the heat dies down , she leaves town , maybe goes to seattle or some place like that and sells the damn thing .
pierce was willing to burn down a building to get that thing .
i put the phone with the picture of the jeweled thing next to it .
emmens must ' ve found this artifact on one of the statues of shiva , and it turned out to be the real thing .
` ` considering its worth , it 's probably the real thing . ''
the thing cleared the small sedan in its way and landed on the street , out in the open .
i 'll cancel the gym membership and drop the insurance on the furniture first thing in the morning , but that 's not going to be enough to bail us out .
` ` because from what i ' ve seen of ellis cutler , there 's not a damn thing you can do to keep him away from isabel . ''
i did eventually go to her apartment to help mom and dad pack up her things but by the time we got there the place had been cleaned . ''
` ` salad dressings , among other things , '' she explained tartly .
the only thing i lost was an earring . ''
the thing was packed with resonance .
no doubt about it , the pull of the thing was getting stronger .
no doubt about it , the thing was genuine .
no reproduction would be screaming silently at him the way this thing was .
all he had to do was drop the damn thing .
i ' ve lived in a lot of places and i ' ve seen a lot of things .
with its unrelenting near - black surface and its wide , heavy base , the thing reminded her entirely too much of someone 's idea of a witch 's altar .
they could n't turn up a damn thing on her prior to the moment when she hit the art scene in a big way .
here in the darkness the thing looked amazingly real .
you must not touch that thing . ''
` ` you mean she believes in channelers and crystals and that sort of thing ? ''
` ` who can afford the taxes and upkeep on a thing like hazelhurst 's horror ?
old digby always had to have his coffee first thing in the morning .
i think of you as the sexiest thing to come along since black lace underwear .
trouble was , women were the only ones who read that sort of thing .
quarrel has n't found a damn thing for us .
maybe you 're onto something with that crystal thing . ''
i can feel the sense of warning emanating from this thing .
` ` you 'll have to be close to the vision to read the manuscript , and we 'll probably have to watch the thing recycle several times .
she thought about telling him that the only thing that really worked for her was a vibrator and she had not brought one with her .
` ` here 's the thing , '' deke said .
there 's money in this thing , though .
what was it going [ _ to _ ] be like , aiming that thing at another human being ?
it was a chain - link thing and it snagged the blade for a few seconds .
you 're going to learn to fly this thing if it kills me .
` ` i ' m not taking any chances with something that has as many teeth as this thing does . ''
it 's the best thing at the fair .
in the full glare of a noonday sun , sariana decided , it would be impossible to look directly at the thing because of the intense reflections .
` ` by the lightstonn , you feel good first thing in the morning . ''
the only thing that could stop prisma was more prisma .
` ` i wish i had paid more attention yesterday when gryph showed me how to operate this thing , '' sariana admitted to lucky as she fumbled with the sled 's propeller mechanism .
the mechanics of the thing had to be the same , gryph had reasoned .
the whole thing was lit from inside with a soft , pulsing glow .
it was the closest thing available . ''
who the hell ever heard of such a thing ?
a tiny thing , skin and bones , narrow face , pale hair .
this thing 's heavy . ''
` ` it 's also the kind of thing for which they 'd charge more credit than a miner could pull out of qed in a year .
` ` i do n't know if i disarmed him or if he simply dropped the thing in his terror .
` ` too bad this thing has n't got a longer range , '' overcash remarked , stowing the machine .
the only thing working on that damn boat is the communication equipment .
the whole thing was twice as big as racer .
it was a graceful , airy thing .
i wonder what it was about that slice of eggshell that could screw up the signal on this thing . ''
` ` whatever was once in this thing is long gone , cidra .
` ` between this thing and the safehold , i ' m going to make enough credit to launch severance pay , ltd . in a big way . ''
that one must have thought he 'd found a really nifty home when he came across this thing . ''
` ` hey , up there , '' he yelled to the man in the driver 's seat , ` ` if you ca n't operate that thing properly , someone 's going to show you how it 's done the hard way . ''
he was the closest thing that scargill cove had to a homeless man but he was not , strictly speaking , homeless .
` ` that thing .
` ` have you told anyone else in town about finding that ... thing , whatever it is , under the blanket ? ''
just the kind of thing a black - ops project would use .
` ` i take it you have the key to this thing ? ''
` ` do n't know what they made this thing out of , '' henry said .
nevertheless , the energy that had been infused into the thing originally was human in origin , she reminded herself .
` ` we 're leaving first thing in the morning . ''
` ` this thing is definitely hot , '' she said softly .
` ` i did n't know you were after the quicksilver mirror until i saw the damn thing , '' fallon said .
i do n't suppose you have any idea what that thing was worth in certain quarters ? ''
this whole thing had ` ` mistake '' written all over it in bright neon marker .
i thought you had a survival kit in that thing . ''
` ` this thing is big .
it was hard to believe that he was the same man who threw her against a tree and whispered naughty things in her ear .
` ` she better not fall asleep in that thing , or she might hurt an elbow , too . ''
really , really sweet things .
` ` you going up there drunk as a skunk wo n't do a damn thing to help your cause . ''
you could put your eye out with that thing .
he had to show me how to use the thing ; his was an iphone and all i 'd had any experience with was mom 's old blackberry , but i was getting a little too freaked to be embarrassed now .
by the time the rescue team arrived in zodiacs , the poor thing had been struggling for hours to stay afloat .
as soon as my old man retired from the board of directors , i sold the damn thing and made more money than god .
this thing rewinds and i see the button to erase everything , but is there some kind of search function ?
i want you to call the tow truck first thing in the morning , and then i want you the hell out of this house . ''
` ` sadly , i was pretty much the furthest thing from a cheerleader . ''
how much she tortured him by making him stay in the same room , when he could n't do a damn thing to ease his hunger ?
when he went to zip it up , he realized he would never get the damn thing closed unless he actually folded the clothes .
try to jog her memory by showing her places and things that might remind her on her own .
the damn thing just rang .
the whole thing smelled of a big fat trap , but graham would trip it and to hell with it .
one of diego 's security team had taken the shop 's van , the only thing intact , out to make the remaining deliveries so paul could stay safely in shiftertown .
so the human woman must be a passing thing .
his c**k started rising , and graham cleared his throat , moving in his seat , willing the thing to go down .
` ` you want to watch yourself with this mate thing , '' sean said to graham as he went .
misty cleaned , rinsed , and dried the griddle and rested the heavy thing back on the stove .
charlotte had frozen the whole thing as it was , in the wrapper .
the human skull was such a fragile thing .
only a lowlife would take advantage of that , and he would n't be the mistake she regretted first thing in the morning .
` ` your sword thing is a flash , is n't it ? ''
i did ridiculous things like pick wildflowers and leave them on her balcony , so when she woke up , she would see them first thing in the morning . ''
jace had brought a hoodie for cooler nights , and liam had pulled the link where such a thing could hide the traces .
` ` fix this damned thing .
the human woman , the cute little thing called maria , stepped forward .
the only thing that would hold him . ''
ellison lowered the man to the ground , plucked up the frightening - looking automatic sidearm , and hoped he could figure out if the thing had a safety .
she reached for his belt buckle and popped the big thing open .
something about some thieves from the edge stealing a magic thing from west egypt and trying to sell it to the hand .
she could walk outside and find ten men wearing a variation of the same thing .
i did n't make the thing , i did n't know what it was when i stole it , and i do n't give a damn what the hell it does now .
` ` so the question is , who around here would buy such a thing ?
the stupid thing was huge and likely full of ice .
judging by the mineral crust on the lower edges of the disks , this thing has been used a lot .
a twisted thing of jagged metal and melted rubber lay on its side on the right - one of the broken 's vehicles , destroyed beyond recognition .
we substitute the replacement for the real thing . ''
what heaven it would be to get this thing out on an empty highway and really let it go .
the customers tended to be upbeat , laughing with each other over the zany thing they 'd give whoever for a birthday , retirement , anniversary , bridal shower , bachelor party .
the thing was huge .
` ` and where would i be getting time to craft such a thing before morning ?
he could craft such a thing , but it would only be good as a trinket .
she would gather them up , paste the thing back together , try to find its beauty again .
it reminds me of you , this thing does . ''
the last thing cat 's mother had given her would be precious , not to be touched .
you told curry he need n't have bothered sticking the damn thing back together , as beth asked him to .
but i said i 'd keep it ... '' ` ` and i want to break the bloody thing over your head .
you and mac are one thing , but mr . franklin himself was at the garden party .
the last thing steven remembered was a card game ... no , a cold london street , someone throwing things ... green eyes , red lips curving into a little smile , and a scent like roses .
a respectable young woman at my side will be just the thing . ''
he 'd probably trusted that his son would feel an obligation to take care of rose and had n't worried - reasoned he 'd live a long while and buy her plenty of things along the way .
steven had n't wanted her to wake to find he 'd already sold the bloody thing and had it carted away while she 'd slept .
it was an old thing , apparently , built at the beginning of the century , when every gentleman had to have a summerhouse or folly to simulate roman or greek ruins .
the farmer came panting up , stared in amazement at the dead branches covering a piece of broken furniture , then joined steven in pulling the things away .
steven came to examine the thing with ian , steven half - bent with his hands on his thighs .
jack killed himself a deer and left the bloody thing on the dining room table , because he 's a cat and he thinks they 're lousy hunters .
adrian doubled over , the wheel spun left , the dune buggy careened , and the whole thing toppled onto its side in a huge splash , sliding through the sludge .
he was so proud of the damn thing , he 'd named it .
the damn thing was bigger than the boat .
the damn thing had legs .
do n't make yourself the thing i choose to shrug off my boredom .
soft chairs stood in the corners , a large table waited to the left , and at the opposite wall by a window , a woman sat in a chair working yarn into some sort of lacy thing with a metal hook .
her lacy thing rested on a rubber apron , and her yarn came from a bucket filled with liquid .
the yarn thing was a complicated mess of waves , spiked wheels , and some odd mesh .
he had been meaning to mount the thing up on the roof for ages .
the first time he 'd seen the thing , complete with a hood and a face mask covering everything except his eyes , he 'd told nancy that as far as he knew , he was n't a ninja .
the thing had regenerated before his eyes .
it was a round thing , about two inches wide , made with braided twine and human hair .
it was hard not to notice the thing - it was fourteen feet long .
the damn thing was two inches wide .
` ` shattered the thing to pieces .
` ` blasted thing .
` ` because that thing in your pants looks painful . ''
maybe wearing that little wisp of a silk thing she 'd been in when he 'd rescued her tonight .
` ` the thing you said you could n't be wearing ? ''
the cub was a tiny thing , no threat , but it was the offspring of another shifter .
that 's why the thing was so fast and so good at tracking , liam thought .
kim had no idea how the thing fastened , but as he touched the bare end to the celtic knot , she heard a loud click , and then liam screamed .
from the feel of the very firm thing lodged against her backside , sean was good and ready now .
it was an ancient thing , made by the best swordsmith in the old kingdom of kerry , a shifter called niall o'connell , and passed down through the generations .
` ` while you 're standing there all pretty , '' sean said , grunting with effort , ` ` will you come down here and grab on to this stiff thing for me ? ''
he started to reach for the next thing he wanted to yank off , but andrea touched his shoulder .
better get this thing blessed , or you 'll be challenging every male who even looks at her . ''
but only guardians know how to use this thing , and the codes are pretty intense . ''
it did n't ; the damn thing only kept whispering musical words that she could n't understand .
her fake collar had expanded and stretched when she 'd shifted , almost like the real thing .
to get the real thing , she 'd have to go to the mall in savannah , and she had to save every drop of gas or she could n't get to work .
the thing did n't move .
elsie pointed with her shuddering fingers at the dark thing .
she had tried to sell it before , at a swap meet and at a yard sale , but hardly anyone bought a thing .
we should bury that damn thing . ''
she threaded the three needles , poured water into a pot , put the needles , thread , and a pair of small tweezers into it , and set the whole thing to boil on the stove .
for all practical purposes , it 's pretty much like having the real thing at your disposal . ''
the whole thing would simply go dark .
the thing in the membrane wriggled .
it 's the only thing that 's going to open the gate for me .
` ` sure this thing 's safe ? ''
they did n't try to stop it or grab the men inside , they just tipped the damn thing over .
the thing smelled like urine .
diego dragged his satellite phone out of the wreckage , relieved when he found the thing undamaged .
she leapt from her chair so fiercely that the heavy thing fell back , then she stepped from the porch and moved across the yard in long - legged strides , not looking at the playing cubs .
finally , he managed to pull the damn thing off him and drop it over the side .
give the damn thing back to xavier and tell him to keep it out of shiftertown . ''
` ` the thing is big and has too many entrances , too many windows .
the other thing on the table was a tiny stuffed leopard , black and gold , like kirsten .
his collar gleamed in the moonlight through the windows , the band of silver and black the only thing he wore .
and he 'd told her he 'd been in a fight with the thing on him .
the wooden thing crashed into the wall , smashing desk , wall , and computer .
` ` it belongs to a two - timing , gutless , son - of - a - bitch - bastard - asshole , and i wish you 'd steal the damn thing from him ! ''
the floor was littered with black detritus that carly could n't place at first , but then she saw they were pieces of automatic rifles , radios , and other things too broken to identify .
carly had thought it the coolest thing when she 'd first seen it .
` ` this thing really stinks . ''
if the collar tiger had been wearing was fake , and still he 'd stopped himself from killing walker and the assassin , not to mention ethan , then obviously tiger did n't need the damn thing .
i do n't call that thing in the garage transportation . ''
carly dragged the thing back into the studio from which cubs were still straggling out , spraying what she could .
he ca n't tell the difference between the real thing and a fake . ''
i promise you , i have n't stolen a thing since you caught me when i was fifteen .
the woman in this picture was a thing , a curve of colored flesh .
ian continued to stare at it as though he 'd never seen such a thing .
hart overpowered every single thing in the room - except ian .
she 's not a thing to be used .
from where did you steal the damned thing ?
she started to tap the ball back , not wanting to pick up the mud - caked thing , but lord cameron 's body was in her way .
the only thing i have from her , really .
i have just the thing . ''
they 'd tear the cloth and exasperate hart 's housekeeper , but replacing the damn thing would be worth having ainsley .
cameron slapped his hand to her open trunk lid , and the thing clattered shut .
only cameron had not said a word or done a thing .
he grabbed the chest of drawers and overturned it , the thing crashing to the floor .
` ` you kept tapping the confounded thing to your lips and looking coy over it . ''
` ` get rid of the thing . ''
eleanor , on the other hand , simply looked at the picture and said , get rid of the thing .
` ` i 'll just burn the entire thing . ''
he could feel the warm folds of his kilt around his legs , but the only thing covering his torso was the thin linen shirt he wore under his garments .
not a hothouse rose , no , but the sort of thing a man who was hiding for his life might be able to obtain and leave for her .
` ` oh , the poor thing , '' juliana exclaimed .
a chandelier , a giant of a thing , all its candles gone , hung from a thick chain down through the middle of the open staircase .
juliana closed the door and looked at the bed , a monster of a thing crouched in the middle of the room .
his weight had jerked the cloth free , and he 'd sprung clear , but the breakfront had overbalanced and the entire thing had come crashing down .
she 'd calmly dipped her hand into her pocket , released the poor thing into the grass , and walked away , giving elliot a superior look over her shoulder .
more often , the magic weakened parts of the building , causing a partial collapse until the whole thing crashed , toppling on its side .
the freaking thing must ' ve weighed three hundred pounds , and i had to drag it one - handed .
they had this thing where only priests were allowed to say the god 's name , so they just ba'aled their gods .
the clay body of apep wound about the structure , and i finally realized why the entire thing was n't collapsing under its terrible weight - steel beams and the edge of concrete poked out from beneath the clay .
and now we had to properly dispose of the cursed thing , because dealing with the corpses of magical creatures was like playing russian roulette .
we had to get that thing off of him .
i ' m going to look at the thing on your neck , okay ? ''
` ` i ' m going to see someone today to figure out how to take that thing off . ''
of course the thing had spelled out mackenzie .
he could n't see a damn thing , and his first step led him smack into a table on which things clattered and clinked .
` ` a cute thing like you will have lots of men wanting to be your husband . ''
the blasted thing is so heavy . ''
` ` what was the damned thing made of , eh ?
and you 'd keep all your things in one place , would n't you ?
if you do n't want to let the thing out of your hands , you can come with it . ''
` ` i ' m not going up in this thing !
i did hear you went off ballooning and wrecked the thing .
a wide , cushioned window seat was the only place in the room not covered with things .
the engine box ca n't be too big , or the rider wo n't be able to keep the thing upright .
he 'd break down the whole bloody thing if he had to .
most of the costumes were for fanciful dramas , comedies , or operettas , plus some very skimpy things violet assumed were for the fairies in a midsummer night 's dream .
` ` and another dozen on hand to give you brandy , cigars , coffee , and stand by to hold things for you because you have only two hands . ''
that hard thing you 're feeling against your thigh goes right inside you .
juliana , rose , and ainsley said that champagne was the thing for a london soiree .
not the only thing that 's been stiff .
` ` miss margaret was a pretty thing .
a small thing , but too large to be lodged in andrew 's little body .
bertie gestured to her gown , a lovely thing , but she 'd spent all the time she 'd been in it so far worried she 'd tear or stain it .
if cat had been any other little girl , an ordinary child bertie did n't know well , she 'd have told cat to sod the bloody thing and have her rich father buy her another .
hell , the thing had had to penetrate five layers of cloth .
there was a door at the end , a large thing , bolted shut , but the bolts were fairly new , and a key rested in the lock .
a stall to the left looked richer than the rest : the table was sturdy and the cloth on it was red silk , the real thing , not a cheap imitation .
you ca n't even cut straight with that thing . ''
though the last thing she 'd ever stolen was a pack of bubble gum in the third grade , and though most of her plans had a habit of fizzling out along the way , emma had already known with a kind of solemn certainty that as soon as the sun was fully up , she would slip on her shoes , tiptoe out the door , and drive off in patrick 's car .
` ` i ' m probably too old for this thing anyway , '' patrick said , turning back to the car .
` ` this thing would be toast in under a week . ''
peter knew it would n't have been terribly hard for him to put out some kind of alert , the kind of thing that would come over every crackling radio in every worn - down cop car from upstate new york straight down to the very tip of florida , a warning to every fellow man in uniform that the son of a sheriff had stolen an impounded car and was now fleeing to who - knew - where .
emma watched as he got the fire started , touching the lit state of north carolina - which was quickly collapsing in on itself - from one branch to the next , coaxing the flames to life and blowing on the kindling until the whole thing began to burn in earnest .
it looked like a great sticky shish kebab , and he thrust the whole thing over the fire with a frown , all the while shaking his head .
peter helped gather her things from the trunk , and when they finished , she slung her backpack over her shoulder .
i mean , there are huge stars in this thing .
those two little words , she knew , would inevitably set off a chain reaction : first google , then facebook , then twitter , and on and on , mining the twists and turns of the internet until all the mystery had been wrung out of the thing .
there 's no way i ' m filling this thing out , she 'd replied .
the whole thing teetered for one horrible , endless moment before crashing to the floor , the packets falling heavily and one of the containers splitting wide open , sending pale green mints skittering in all directions like runaway marbles .
her eyes followed the lines on the page , the whole thing a study of geometry , with arrow - straight edges and precise corners .
the clock above them says 6:48 , and just beyond the window the plane sits like a hulking metal fortress ; it 's clear from the looks on the faces of those around her that nobody else is getting on that thing .
` ` how old is that thing ? ''
somehow , despite their uneven parting , hadley suspects her mother 's voice might be just the thing to make her feel better , and she wishes for nothing more than to hear it right now .
the candles at the front of the church make everything look slightly magical , and the sophistication of the whole thing , the stylish elegance of it , is in such stark contrast to dad 's old life that hadley 's honestly not sure whether to be confused or insulted .
it does n't look all that far , but then , it 's hard to get a feel for the scale of the thing , and for all hadley knows , it 's just as likely to be miles away as blocks .
` ` you can use that thing to teach me geography . ''
the cheese had lost its battle with gravity , slumping off to one side , and the whole thing was shiny with grease .
as he tiptoed past his sleeping father - the thatch of light hair the only thing visible beneath a pile of covers - he was n't thinking about tomorrow .
` ` what smoking thing ? ''
finn kept hitting things , and stuff was going all over the place , and something went flying ... and bounced off my cheek .
` ` we 'll be there first thing in the morning for christmas breakfast . ''
if i did n't immediately text him first thing in the morning , i got at least three texts before i could finish my coffee .
maybe some day i 'd teach her how to drive this thing .
` ` you know how much they love this stupid thing .
if the receptionist sighed and clicked her mouse one more time , i might throw the damn thing out the window .
he could take the freaking thing with him as long as he came home safe and sound .
i get cranky before my coffee and say stupid things to beautiful women i ' m supposed to be flirting with . ''
i tried to pull back , not wanting to wear the ugly thing in front of him , but he did n't let me .
the thing barely covered my butt .
i tugged the wetsuit past my hips , but stopped when i realized the wetsuit was n't the only thing i was removing .
` ` i have this thing , '' i mumbled .
` ` i created a beast with that thing , did n't i ? ''
a pretty little thing like you ? ''
` ` how the hell do you open this thing ? ''
` ` i 'll take whatever wave i want , whenever i want it , and you ca n't do a darn thing to stop me . ''
then i fingered my kevlar vest , the only thing on me that had n't been chewed or ripped to shreds .
` ` yes , the catch , cost , downside , or thing that will make me say , ' oh , shit ' tomorrow when it 's too late .
i thought the thing in the bird 's beak was a twig , but now i see that it 's a little hoop . ''
that charbroiled thing was tolvai ?
he held out his towel without the slightest hesitation that it was the only thing covering him .
` ` but you sure are a sexy thing , '' the vampire continued .
he 'd never seen such a thing before , not in all his centuries .
to her surprise , bones went across the bedroom , flipped through the channels , and stopped on some thing p**n ographic , turning it up .
web ordered , some thing sharp digging into her neck next .
i figured carter did n't recognize that it was a parody of a prom theme rock ballad , not the real thing .
it was soft , salty , and full of butter , and it might have been the best thing i had ever put in my mouth .
i did n't like to look at the thing .
then i explained who the other people at the party were according to the senior superlatives titles they were likely to get - best car , most athletic , that sort of thing .
as i left the stands , hit the grass , and hurried past the majorettes tossing their batons in a bored fashion , angelica asked , ` ` is n't that the same thing you were wearing last night ? ''
demarcus must be announcing the winners of the senior superlatives titles we 'd voted on first thing that morning .
so my parents are like , if you ca n't be drum major , be the next best thing .
but we 'd had way too much stuff to store in this tiny house , and over the months , the laundry room had become the place to stash things .
a tv was the first thing she asked for from her boyfriends because she knew i loved it .
it was also the first thing to get pawned because it was worth so much cash and was easy to carry .
first , for safety , we have to make sure only one of us is trying to fly this thing at a time .
` ` the poster is the only thing i took , but i already had this . ''
the plane had come to rest against the trees , almost like i 'd parked it there on purpose , except that the prop was mangled , the wings were torn , the tail was torn , the left gear was gone , and the whole thing listed to the side .
instead of dashing its contents across the patio like it was supposed to , the table kept going , and the whole thing fell into the pool .
owen asked , ` ` how long are you going to milk this ventilator thing ? ''
five seconds later , it was the hottest thing sarah had ever put in her mouth .
the whole thing was emeralds .
` ` you use that thing like a chinese throwing star . ''
a ride in that thing would ' ve shocked anybody back into consciousness .
it 's bad to have the thing i have , the disabled - what did you call it ? ''
all wendy had to do was tease out what that thing was , and then yell at lorelei until the sinking starlet realized she was throwing that thing away .
all wendy had to do was tease out what that thing was , and then yell at lorelei until the sinking starlet realized she was throwing that thing away .
as they both sat , he signaled the waitress - who was wearing a teddy - and ordered the silliest thing he could think of .
` ` but here 's the thing , '' wendy said .
` ` here 's the thing , sauter .
the only thing i had actually purchased there was an outfit for my belly - dancing class .
you never take that thing off , i whispered , hoping my voice did nt sound shaky from crying .
` ` put that thing away , '' holly said quickly .
he eased onto the bed again and drank from his own glass , the whole thing , down to the ice .
that thing would wake the dead . ''
the whole thing shook when i slammed the metal door behind me .
` ` he used his official police door unlocker hook thing to bust in .
i flipped the stupid thing right side up .
i knew the men had to be wearing some kind of cup , but she had probably broken the damn thing with how hard she had nailed him .
my editor could finish proof reading the damn thing .
the damn thing was huge with tiny little bruises of teeth marks around it where he had bitten me before sucking .
` ` how many times a day do you bring that thing out ?
the statistics were undeniable about people accidently firing a weapon that it was bound to happen with how many times he brought the damn thing out .
chapter 33 skylynn drove to the bridal shop over in grover first thing in the morning .
she was a pretty little thing .
we have coffee and doughnuts and talk about books and things .
chapter 7 needing some semblance of reality , kadie went to visit marti first thing in the morning .
if there was one thing he had , it was time .
the thing weighed about forty pounds .
biting back an oath , he withdrew the thing and tossed it away .
she held the mask by the edges and lifted it in front of her face , peering through the slits cut for his eyes as she tried to imagine what it would be like to wear such a thing day and night .
` ` surely a wizard who can conjure such a wondrous thing will be able to help us . ''
after twenty years or so , he had dragged the damn thing outside and set it on fire , and then he 'd bought a king - size bed with a firm mattress , silk sheets , and a feather pillow .
she was just a little thing , hardly more than five feet tall , and could n't have weighed more than a hundred pounds soaking wet , but she 'd held him down with one hand , and when he had gotten desperate and drove his fist into her face , she had laughed at him .
` ` that old thing 's been taking up space in the garage for three years .
he swore under his breath , wondering if the damn thing had stopped .
` ` not that old thing , '' cara said .
i could n't imagine why anyone would want to see such a thing , all that blood .
i 'd hardly touched the darn thing .
i 'll call my folks first thing in the morning . ''
a handy thing to know , she mused , should a vampire ever come calling .
she was a pretty thing , in her late twenties , with blue - tipped blond hair and green eyes lined with black mascara .
the books were n't the kind of thing a mother usually passed down to her daughter , but one of them had been written by her mom and that , more than any other reason , made it important to her .
` ` i barely hit the thing . ''
savanah had packed her things earlier in the day ; her suitcases were in the trunk .
you do n't owe me a damn thing , '' he said curtly .
it was amazing to remember the things she had seen , the places she had been , the advancements and inventions that everyone in this era took for granted .
he ate the whole thing , savoring every bite , and wondered what was happening to him .
when he shape - shifted , the creature he became was a handsome thing , fur thick and black , eyes gray , body perfectly formed .
it took only a short time to pack the few things they had brought with them and lock up the place .
just point the damn thing and pull the trigger .
i had no clue what the thing looked like .
moments later , he rose , holding something i could only describe as a half - amphibian , half - fish thing .
i had never seen such a thing before , but evidently it was also meant for cold weather .
and are you sure this thing is n't going to sink ? ''
they 're not exactly the type of thing you find in charleston . ''
it was the lightest thing imaginable ; it really felt like an extension of my hand .
you could get killed riding that thing at night . ''
i glanced down at my emerald green sundress , wanting way more clothing if i was riding on that thing .
colin 's flashlight was the only thing lighting our way up the hundreds of steps in the spiral staircase .
i wanted to see , feel , and touch every damn thing she had to offer .
we 're going to eat a romantic dinner on that thing ? ''
i pulled out a few articles we had to read for history class and noticed that reed was reading the same thing .
now i knew why rob had held onto the old thing after he got his new truck .
i guess that was one benefit of driving the thing .
i spent so much time on the phone with him , i ' m lucky the thing did n't fuse with my face .
dressed in dark jeans and a bright pink shirt with white lettering that said keep calm and pledge delta mu , she was wearing exactly the same thing as the other forty - five girls in the room .
chapter twelve my mom called first thing in the morning .
first , i get outed for hooking up with a pledge , on a farm no less , and now i was going to have to break things off with a senior .
i opened the rusty door of his old camry , glad that the thing did n't fall off .
she was kind of attached to the thing .
we 'd spent more time fooling around in that thing than i would ever admit .
` ` he razzed me so bad when he found out i had a thing for you . ''
there 's no way i ' m spending more time in this thing . ''
first of all i wanted it , and besides , i 'd end up having to pay for the darn thing if it was n't returned .
` ` dude , you tried to put the thing on backwards . ''
` ` now , bill , you ca n't tell me you ' ve been getting everything you need from that little thing , '' diane said .
` ` oh , i ' ve had this old thing forever , '' i said mockingly , and he laughed .
she was carrying this kind of wand thing , with something on the end of it .
there was a little refrigerator well stocked with pureblood , but this evening bill would want the real thing .
who wants an imitation when the real thing is under the roof ?
which meant the taupe knit thing i 'd worn to the vampires ' headquarters .
` ` i wish i 'd never seen that thing , whatever she is .
` ` you did n't owe me a thing , '' i said .
bill 's eyes went from the thing on the floor to me .
` ` do the vampires have such a thing ? ''
` ` put it through the bank , first thing tomorrow morning . ''
he has heard that dracula will only drink royalty or ... the real thing . ''
a shout went up from the crowd when the thing was completed .
halleigh is just trailing along in portia 's wake , poor thing .
we could have watched hadley hide the thing .
` ` up to your room , please , '' i said , because otherwise amelia would want us to admire every single thing she 'd bought .
bill had always enjoyed it , though he 'd remarked more than once that flavor was n't the thing ; it was the sensation of biting into flesh , feeling the heartbeat of the human , that made being a vampire fun .
` ` if you can call a thing on a lanyard around your neck a badge , yeah . ''
` ` and here you are , selling your own little computer thing that lorena was trying so hard to get from you .
i bent over to pick the darn thing up with my free right hand , intending to toss it into the first available garbage can .
for that matter , i was n't sure the stupid thing was even hers .
he was thin , had a beard fringe along his jaw , was decorated with a few tattoos that looked like home jobs to me - jail tats - and he was carrying a knife strapped to his ankle , a thing that had n't been too hard for me to spot once i 'd heard in his mind that he was armed .
told me the story , more or less , and asked me if i could look at the car first thing in the morning .
then i walked quickly out the back door and through the dark to hang the damn thing back in the toolshed on its designated hook .
you still see yourself as a pretty , young thing of twenty - five , and you still think some man will come along and recognize that in you .
while i could , i smiled at thing one and thing two .
in the course of wriggling into the thing , i found out the descending strip velcroed to the bottom of the costume .
toward the last , when she could barely speak , he visited her in the hospital , changed his face and hair back to what he 'd been , changed into the costume , the whole thing , the mask , the green cloak .
that thing in the box , portable cabin .
he thought about getting an ax and chopping the damned thing down .
he wanted to bolt from the room , to pretend he 'd never seen this thing , but he knew he would never erase it from his mind .
i closed my eyes , tried to make the thing disappear .
every last thing was in amelia 's car .
or maybe he 'd put a ` ` destruct '' code on the paper for fools like me , and the whole thing would blow up in my face .
i twist off the cap and down the whole thing in a few large gulps .
i have been keeping to myself most of the day with a run first thing this morning and then studying in my room .
` ` i do n't care who the f**k is downstairs when the only thing covering your wet body is that towel . ''
hookups are kinda my thing .
when he slides one to her , she starts chugging the damn thing and turns around in her seat .
i swear , i was about to piss my pants when she laid that thing face down on the demonstration table and began giving that doll , with its ass all exposed , a thorough body massage .
she always calls first thing sunday morning - predictable .
i go into the bathroom to get her belongings , but i keep a few of her things , including her bottle of perfume .
` ` it 'll give me something to do today , figuring out how to use the damn thing , '' i joke as i sit down .
she does n't need much since i have everything she could possibly want already at my place , but we picked up a couple of boxes , and now we are shifting things in my room so that all of her belongings have a place .
` ` i know it hurts , babe , but i also know that you have n't done a thing wrong here .
yep - she and delores made like homeless people and incinerated the freaking thing in the dumpster outside kate 's old building .
she grabs the nearest thing she can reach - a picture of us on vacation two months ago - and flings it at my head .
i ' ve traveled more in the last two years than i had in my entire life before - the cherry blossoms blooming in japan , the crystal waters of portugal ... ... all things drew had already seen , places he 'd already been to .
the only way this thing 's coming back out of the closet is if i ' ve got a funeral to go to . ''
from the fridge i grab a bottle of breast milk , which kate filled this afternoon with that weird dairy - cow pump thing she got from delores at the baby shower .
whimpering , he gives it a few sucks before opening his mouth to screech because he realizes it 's not the real thing .
there 's an excellent chance i 'll end up strangling him with the damn thing .
and i have brown hair , '' i add at the end , since i do n't know how many women might be wearing the same kind of thing i am .
i doubt nico could even fit on the thing .
the thing is not only bright purple with sparkles , but it has to be at least a foot long and three inches across .
i sat there with her in the bathroom , refusing to leave even when she peed on the thing .
cash smiles , and i laugh when i hear my mom yell to get the damn thing out of her face .
` ` i did n't want a car to begin with , and i do n't want that thing . ''
i ask , knowing that was the only thing left in our freezer .
` ` if you keep up the attitude , little miss thing , you wo n't be going to the zoo for a very long time , '' lilly says , and i bite the inside of my cheek to keep from laughing at the look on ashlyn 's face .
the colors of turquoise and blue that run through it are so vibrant that the whole thing looks like a painting .
` ` i ' m asking you , so tell me why my phone is off , i no longer have an e - mail , and even my facebook is gone ... and i have n't gotten on that thing in over eight months ! ''
it used to take daemon less than five minutes to unravel the thing .
think of not dealing with the little beast first thing in the morning as a reward for sincere effort in the training .
hell 's fire , he could burn the damn thing to the ground and no one would challenge the choice .
* * needing to pee first thing in the morning does n't mean i ' m ill . and being in the bathroom does n't mean my moontime has started yet , so back off , sadi .
you threw that damn thing hard enough to hook into someone 's gut . ''
but that other one did n't want her things touched , wanted birdie to be using craft all the time to lift or move every little thing . ''
` ` wait until i set this thing down , '' daemon snapped as jaenelle started to rise from her seat .
we 'll take the women and children and as much of the household goods as we can pack into the thing . ''
the tail was n't the only thing that needed to get washed .
saw the thing in darkmist 's jaws beat once , twice .
` ` if i ca n't get it cleaned sufficiently , i 'll burn the damn thing . ''
we have n't figured out how to cleanse the frame or vial after it 's been used , so the whole thing should be put in a shield and burned with witchfire , then buried so the ash does n't drift on the wind . ''
` ` here 's the thing , '' talon said .
but they both knew rhea 's court was going to break under the weight of sadi 's temper , and that the friendship was just the first thing to break because of her mistake .
an awkward place for the thing , which made him think it had been placed there so that no one would have to cross the room under that feral gaze .
what would it take to clean that thing ?
he hesitated a moment , then set daemonar down near the side door that opened onto the part of the yard that could withstand the rough - and - tumble play of an eyrien boy and a litter of wolf pups - and had a domed shield around the whole thing to keep boy and pups from tumbling down the mountain .
it was the only thing she 'd found that would serve her purpose , so she did n't drop it , did n't throw it against the fireplace .
she could scoop up a head that had been ripped off by a pissed - off cat and dump the damn thing in a bucket while the warriors around her would n't even touch it .
she had n't been sure she 'd ever use the thing , but now the shelves held little trinkets that warmed her heart - a pretty stone daemonar had found for her ; a seashell lucivar had kept for her during a rare overnight stay he 'd arranged with the dragons who lived on the fyreborn islands ; and other things that reminded her each day that she was more than she 'd thought she could be .
she had n't been sure she 'd ever use the thing , but now the shelves held little trinkets that warmed her heart - a pretty stone daemonar had found for her ; a seashell lucivar had kept for her during a rare overnight stay he 'd arranged with the dragons who lived on the fyreborn islands ; and other things that reminded her each day that she was more than she 'd thought she could be .
eighteen the only thing behind the door was a dining room that was n't the same as the one they 'd seen last night .
those spells ca n't do a damn thing to any craft that 's donebefore entering the house .
there would be plenty of time to get the thing made as a winsol gift .
` ` and hesaid he understood why we felt we needed to be standing on the thing when we put it in the river to test it . ''
the anger that shimmered through him was a sly thing that had twined around memories he 'd pushed aside so long ago he 'd felt only the echo of them as he 'd watched marian over the past two days .
so she showed him how to build a rosebush out of powders made from pastel chalks , dried rose petals , thorns , and a few other things .
` ` and let 's hope this is the only thing in amdarh that burns tonight , '' lucivar growled , using the mug to point to the carriage and riders slowly moving up the street .
even during her moontime , the one thing a witch continued to channel power through was the controlling ring linked to the rings of obedience .
` ` if , for whatever reason , my father turns down the request , i 'll steal the damn thing .
by tomorrow evening , his cousin or the young warlord whose training he 'd been overseeing would look like that quivering thing .
pausing at the table , she selected a knife and looked at the quivering thing .
` ` i gather you wear the same thing to bed as every other male here , '' jaenelle said dryly .
when they just looked at her , she huffed and said tartly to lucivar , ` ` were you planning to tuck that thing under your arm to take it to the high lord ? ''
` ` i sent him first thing this morning , '' hallevar said .
the trunk was beside it and held a few changes of clothes , a couple of the books jaenelle liked to read when she needed to snuggle up and rest for a day , her favorite music crystals , and some grooming things .
the only thing to throw at him was the tray with the tea and sandwiches on it .
` ` put that thing down before i do something we 'll both regret . ''
at least then there would be a way to hide the damn thing since jaenelle had put some kind of neat little spell on the cup that prevented it from being vanished .
the formal fountain had been the first thing to go .
the only other thing in the room was a table .
then he noticed she was going to eat the same thing .
banard studied the sketch for several minutes , wondering what he could say , wondering how to refuse gracefully , wondering why she , of all people , would have the thing she held in her hands .
she was a scrawny little thing , about seven years old .
chapter eleven 1 - terreille the only thing in the cell besides the overflowing slop bucket was a small table that held a plate of food and a metal pitcher of water .
for a long time , while guards pounded on the locked door and zuultah screamed , he stared at the small thing his teeth had found to ease the hunger .
he kept stroking the bush until the whole thing was coated .
we had bryan come to the house and check things out , increased the security system , that kind of thing . ''
` ` can you bring it to me in that red silky thing you wear for me sometimes ? ''
she 's making sure you have one and do n't blow the whole thing like that idiot adam kasen !
but then it became a regular thing , and my god , do you know what it 's like to have people just bend over backward to get things for you ?
i giggled , peering over his shoulder and slapping at his hands as they tried to raise up my sarong skirty thing .
the one that had the thing with no body hair ? ''
we decided to go to my place so i could show him where i was living and pick up some things .
she has a movie she 's promoting , and our managers are milking this thing for all it 's worth .
she did n't get the joke , poor thing ( she was n't even a blonde ... ) , but after that , the buffet line was the most - downloaded sound bite on the internet for three weeks straight .
leaning on it , sunglasses firmly planted on face and wearing a huge grin , was the cutest thing i 'd ever seen : nick .
it soon became too ridiculous even for us to have this thing on my head , so we managed to get it off before we got off .
she smelled like coconuts , and that reminded me of you , but they were awful coconuts - synthetic , and syrupy sweet , and not at all like my girl , and i just - i did n't , i mean , i did things , but i did n't ... '' he rambled on , so torn up inside .
these l.a . parties are just not my thing , but it was pretty cool , i guess .
` ` i do n't know why you 're laughing , miss thing , '' nick said , turning his gaze to me .
` ` you have only as much time as it takes me to pick something out , and you better have some good shagging music on this thing , '' i heard him say as i shook my head in amusement .
` ` he 's stopping by his place to pick up a few things and then he 'll be along . ''
i put a travel mug of coffee next to his bag while he gathered up the rest of his things .
that bucket of balls in the garage from when you tried to take up tennis is exactly the kind of thing dog shelters needed , and would be put to immediate use .
i could also see my mom looking around and taking note of every single thing .
one thing you ca n't get anywhere but back home was a cheesesteak .
` ` his exact words were , ' you ca n't change a thing in this house without going through me .
i smacked the damned bannister with my hand and the whole thing wobbled .
` ` and i did n't say i wanted to tear the whole thing down .
it caught in the chandelier and damn near ripped the entire thing out .
` ` what wattage is that thing ? ''
` ` no dimmer on this thing , sorry , '' i said , trying to cover it up a bit .
jessica and i oohed and aahed as we looked through it all , squealing in delight when we found some new shiny thing or perfectly darling bit .
spying a buffalo nickel at the bottom of the jar , he upended the entire thing all over the kitchen table .
i went out one morning still in my nightgown , a wispy cottony little bit of a thing , with a jar of peanut butter , saying that i simply could n't get the top off and could he please help me ?
can you believe how wretched this thing looks ?
` ` let 's get some of that shortcake before your brothers eat the whole damn thing . ''
he made things sizzle all right , and i was so caught up in watching his fantastic butt that i overpoured and spilled the coffee .
` ` if you stop now i 'll kill you with this egg timer , '' i managed , grabbing for the only thing that was nearby .
i 'll read it tonight and we 'll talk first thing tomorrow morning , i promise , '' she replied , sailing down the stairs and out the front door , calling back over her shoulder , ` ` and congratulations on your first intern ! ''
and benjamin sat on my dad 's favorite fishing pole , almost broke the damn thing ! ''
i left notes on all the remotes with instructions on how to use everything - it took me forever to learn how to just turn the damn thing on ... let 's see , oh !
the last thing i need is someone throwing things .
i love this thing , '' she announced when she got to the bottom , opening the door and climbing out .
` ` see , this thing is actually useful . ''
after dinner we walked around the room and i saw more yearbook pictures on the wall , including senior superlatives : class clown , cutest couple , that sort of thing .
orange carpet , multileveled with a scratching post and a bouncy ball on top of the entire thing , it was hideous .
` ` you mean , ride in that thing ? ''
and he had the power to move that thing with his hips alone ?
this is now officially the single best thing i have ever had in my mouth , '' i announced , closing my eyes and moaning .
keep bringing me pretty things from faraway places , and this girl has no problem with your we , okay ? ''
as i concentrated all my attention on the tip of him , he stroked himself at the base , something that was quite possibly the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
she 's the closest thing elle has to a mother now , and she would have been the person she turned to when she found out about all of this .
looking back up i realize i definitely ca n't complain about his ass - that thing looks firm enough to break glass !
i send shay a text first thing in the morning , asking him to meet me at the campus cafe where i first took elle .
then my worst fears are realized when i read the text he 'd sent me first thing this morning .
` ` this boxy thing is burnham national bank , '' scout said , pointing at the building , which looked like a stack of glass boxes placed unevenly atop one another .
this one was a small , squat , squarish thing , the kind of old - fashioned brick building that looked like it had been built by hand in the 1940s .
` ` i ' m going to rail on you in a minute for following me , but in the meantime , help me close this thing ! ''
` ` hey , i could have beaned a pursuer on the head with this thing .
` ` do you have any idea how much it hurt to get this thing ?
when i found east erie , i realized there were two symbols nearby : the four - circle thing on michigan avenue and , more interesting , the enclosed y only a couple of blocks from st . sophia 's .
the air pressure in the room changed , and something flew my way , some thing he 'd created with that flick of his hand .
the only thing you ' ve got right now is a symbol of nothing . ''
` ` help me off this thing , '' scout muttered , grasping my arm .
funky designer watch , square - toed shoes , that kind of thing .
you 're all clearly going to be a huge asset to getting this thing off the- '' ` ` field museum . ''
where does that thing lead ? ''
` ` can you do something , or do we need to have paulie rip the thing off its hinges ? ''
i wondered if those were the clothes she 'd worn when she died - if she was doomed to wear the same thing forever .
the entire thing was edged in rivets , and a huge flywheel took up most of the middle of the door , as did a giant steel bar .
when we were both on the other side , we used all our weight to push the thing closed again , muffling the sounds of cursing that were coming from the other side .
` ` what about the missing thing ? ''
fancy gold balconies ringed the floors above us like architectural bracelets , and the entire thing was capped by a pillow of frosted glass .
you ' ve been working on that thing for , like , an hour now . ''
where could you wear that kind of thing ?
` ` how can you like this thing ?
somebody at some fancy store convinced her it was the latest thing and she picked it up .
otherwise every time a bit of dust hit the circle the thing would explode . ''
but when it came time to pick the projectile - the thing we 'd actually use to break the spell - we were at a loss again .
` ` i want you to turn this thing off and give our magic back . ''
` ` i was sure that thing was in the handmaiden deck . ''
` ` you think you can get the giraffe away from him long enough to get that thing on his head ? ''
` ` everyone from louisiana to minnesota who wants the damn thing ? ''
the rest of the vampires are basically his minions - we have to take an oath to serve him , swear our allegiance , that kind of thing .
this was the thing - this complicated arrangement of steel and silk and ray skin and lacquered wood - that was supposed to keep me safe for the next few hundred years , the thing that would enable me to do my duty , to keep ethan and the other cadogan vamps alive .
this was the thing - this complicated arrangement of steel and silk and ray skin and lacquered wood - that was supposed to keep me safe for the next few hundred years , the thing that would enable me to do my duty , to keep ethan and the other cadogan vamps alive .
the only thing beneath was snug leather band , which left my abdomen and hips bare to the top of the leather pants .
she always wore the right thing , looked like she 'd stepped out of an ann taylor catalog .
` ` i - uh - ` ` ` ` i ' m not sure about your experience or interests - modeling , acting , that kind of thing - but we could definitely find a niche for you . ''
it was this whole ' ballerina chic ' thing . ''
catcher reminded me that i was scheduled to practice with him first thing tomorrow evening , and mallory and i teared up at her transition to apprentice sorceress , at the fact that my time with her for the next six weeks would be largely limited to phone calls .
black silk , this ball gown thing . ''
that 's not the kind of thing that would have normally been picture - worthy , except for the fact that it almost perfectly mirrored a trib picture of us from six years earlier .
my cadogan suit had been shredded ; i wore the fanciest thing still in my closet at mal 's house .
we ' ve heard about meetings in eastern tennessee , but it sounds like they 're still rural , publicized by word of mouth , handwritten flyers , that kind of thing .
once we 're sure this thing 's a go , i 'll send directions to the location , some interior maps in case you want to think about protocols , exits , whatever .
areas that snipers could sneak into , parson 's holes , that kind of thing .
` ` work your magic , sentinel - and close this thing down . ''
if this thing was actually sold - i mean if money exchanged hands - it was an off - the - grid sale .
` ` wel , i need to get some things in place for mal ory 's work tomorrow .
let 's see if we can get our things out of the trunk . ''
a katana was intended to slice ; this thing looked like it was intended to pummel .
if there was one thing i had in ful supply , it was books .
he was raised from the dead by a witch who wanted to control him , to make him a thing to be used in the effectuation of her magic .
but it was n't just a thing .
even if i were n't in love with him , and even if i did have a thing for jeff , i was not about to cross a shifter , much less one in line for the pack throne .
i want them reviewing the documents first thing in the morning . ''
she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden and she was going to pick some things .
it 's a handy thing , though .
a big gold thing .
` ` damn it , i just washed the road salt off this thing , '' i gritted out , grabbing the middle of the bat and thrusting it backward into the gut of the woman who 'd tried to take my head off .
here 's the thing - production is still running .
that 's not the kind of thing that just disappears . ''
` ` so , grandpa , you ' ve managed to get this thing pretty wedged .
` ` chuck , '' jeff said , ` ` we 're going to lift this thing off you .
` ` just give me the damn thing , '' i said , bowing to their expectations and snatching breakfast .
only then did i recall the fact that i could have simply jumped over the damn thing .
a way to say , ' look at this amazing thing i built , this family i made from scratch .
` ` you 're a pretty little thing , '' he said .
it 's supposed to represent anticonsumerism and remind folks to donate to food banks , that type of thing .
` ` whoever spelled that thing used it to coerce a very powerful vampire and steal a whole lot of coin .
shakespeare had been right : ` ` eye of newt '' was really a thing , as were toe of frog , wool of bat , and lizard 's leg .
there was n't time for keys , so i grabbed the closest thing i could find - a candleholder made of antler - and stabbed it into the top of the case .
` ` that thing has rung three times since i ' ve been home , '' harlow said .
instead of driving myself crazy over the things i could n't have , i started getting things in place .
` ` that yellow thing is not a tank top , '' i growled .
` ` i ca n't drive that thing , '' she said .
` ` some red sports car - looking thing , '' i replied .
` ` do you know how to work this thing ? ''
` ` i will bring it in first thing in the morning in the bag you gave me .
` ` because it 's the only thing i ' m wearing ? ''
he just scooped one up and shoved the entire thing in his mouth .
i was n't touching that thing ever again .
we ate the entire thing .
i could n't really afford to shop right now since i was unemployed , but i could look ... and maybe buy myself one thing .
i demanded , horrified , as he pulled out this long , black thing .
` ` i ' m sorry , but i do n't want to watch you dig that thing out of my skin . ''
i watched as he wrapped the nasty thing in a napkin and then slid off his glove and created a ball around the napkin .
the thing never lit !
` ` i should n't have brought that thing out here . ''
i was so glad to get that thing out of my hand .
i tried not to think about all the different kinds of nasty bugs and creatures that were likely living in this thing .
it was ripped and dirty and , frankly , just the kind of thing i expected to see in this place .
so far i saw no signs of renewed bleeding , but she needed things that this place did n't have .
` ` there room on that thing for me ? ''
` ` how do you work this thing ? ''
brody ate the entire thing , and i thought it would be a good idea to have another one ready to go into the oven for tomorrow .
and you seem to be just the thing to take away . ''
he lunged forward and i grabbed the closest thing within reach , the bowl of egg mixture .
the black dodge was the first thing i bought myself after making it through training and being stationed in north carolina when i first joined the corps .
the only thing on the tables was one lamp each .
and judging from her actions just seconds before , if i had been any slower on the uptake , i 'd be sporting a rash from that thing and a headache .
` ` better keep that thing in your mouth unless you plan on using it , '' i quipped before i could stop myself .
finding the only thing i thought might help , i ran back over toward the men , who were know grappling over the gun .
i replayed that laugh over in my head so many times in the past few weeks , but nothing i ever heard in my head sounded near as good as the live thing .
i loved that thing .
macgyver would have a field day with this thing .
i could n't understand why sometimes the stupid thing worked and sometimes it did n't .
` ` you 're just a tiny little thing , '' i told her .
` ` i ' m not riding in that thing . ''
` ` that thing is n't even fit to fly ! ''
yes , but fruit might not be the only thing on this island .
` ` does that thing ever go down ? ''
` ` so you actually going to get on this thing ? ''
it was the softest thing i think i 'd ever touched , yet it was the hardest .
it stopped working and i am not driving that thing around in this heat with no ac . ''
that thing weighs like fifty pounds . ''
i skidded forward , tripping and sliding across the top of the coffee table , and then the whole thing tipped over and i landed on the ground .
i hated that stupid thing .
and then he threw the entire thing into the trashcan .
i 'd rather be bored than driving that thing over curbs .
i wandered into the home section and caught myself picking out things that would look great in holt 's place .
she 's a timid little thing , but i think time will fix that . ''
i usually shoved the whole thing in my mouth at once .
if he was out there with that thing , i would n't want him to get distracted and possibly hurt .
it ended with me dumping the wrong thing into the wrong bottle and a volcano of blue foam erupting all over the table and oozing down onto the teacher 's shoe .
` ` your head is n't the only thing that 's coming off , '' he replied .
` ` how do you use this thing ? ''
` ` uh - huh , 'cause if this thing hits you in the face and leaves a mark , gran will have my ass . ''
my hand closed around the closest thing near me , the vase of wildflowers on the mantle , and i hurled it through the air .
she came closer , appearing to float because the thing she was wearing was so long .
` ` what 's a little girl like you doing carrying around such a thing ? ''
` ` why do n't you put that thing away before you hurt yourself ? ''
` ` and he never would have allowed you to carry this thing . ''
the scroll containing the treasure map was the biggest thing in my bag .
` ` i 'll get rid of this thing . ''
what could be more important that getting that thing out of her ?
` ` is there a way i can get this thing out of me ? ''
` ` but first we have to get that thing out of you . ''
i did n't know what to do , short of finding hecate and begging her to get this thing out , but i knew it would n't do any good .
ana came in the room carrying a small fabric bag and one of those mortar set things to grind down the dried petals .
` ` it turns out that thing and i did n't get along very well so i got rid of it . ''
did i mention what a pain in the butt that thing was to clean ?
` ` what was that thing ?
` ` you are and having this thing puts you in repeated danger .
i did not want sam carrying this thing around .
but , it is nice to know you are n't carrying that thing around today .
gemma said nothing as heven slammed the lid closed and tossed the thing into the trees .
` ` you might have that thing strapped to you right now , but if you piss me off again you wo n't even be able to reach for that thing the next time you need it . ''
` ` you might have that thing strapped to you right now , but if you piss me off again you wo n't even be able to reach for that thing the next time you need it . ''
he grabbed up a slice of roast beef and shoved the whole thing in his mouth .
` ` how do we get this thing out of heven 's head ? ''
i had no choice but to get that thing out tonight .
when it opened its mouth , i remembered exactly what this thing could do .
` ` yeah , you know that thing you helped hecate steal ? ''
she would get that thing out of logan once she saw all that i had been through .
but first , i wanted to get that thing out of my brother .
do you see the size of that thing ? ''
i did n't want the stupid thing .
the liquid splashed and splattered , and i thought it was annoying , but then heven laughed at the silly thing , clearly pleased .
` ` i could come first thing in the mornings , '' sam told her , ` ` before i go to my other jobs . ''
` ` i carried this thing around for months , thinking that i might need it for you - praying that i would n't - but wanting to be prepared if i did .
i do n't think that thing even works . ''
i looked up toward the apartment wondering what this thing would do if i screamed .
as i climbed onto the seat and strapped on my helmet , i knew soon i was going to have to park this thing for the winter .
for the first time in a long , long time , i was n't grabbing the first thing my hand closed around .
ivy produced a large wand - looking thing that was plugged into the wall and started wrapping my hair around it .
` ` look at this bitch 's hair , '' she said , stepping back and pointing at me with that thing in her hand .
after what felt like forever , she put the curling thing down and made me flip my head upside down .
i held his gaze as i reached up and pulled each strap down one by one and then tossed the entire thing off into the darkness .
if i could figure out a way to tow this thing home , i would so do it .
` ` charming place you have here , '' he said , ignoring me completely and walking around my house , looking at all of my things .
the back seat in this thing is worse than a porta potty on a hot day . ''
it was n't lost on me that the only thing separating me from him was the very flimsy fabric that made up those shorts .
i 'd never seen such a thing before .
they were cheerful - a spot of sun in the gray winter - and the only thing in the place i could afford .
` ` is that thing any good in the snow ? ''
i was the furthest thing from a tattletale he would ever see .
` ` you could n't have known that thing was going to fall ! ''
part of me wanted to see what he looked like first thing in the morning .
` ` you know these things are really easy to use , '' i said , pointing at the coffee maker .
the only thing in the fridge was a container of creamer and i dumped about half in his mug .
i do n't know how to use this damned thing . ''
he cut a slab of cheese , laid it on a slice of french bread , and shoved the whole thing in his mouth .
as she rose to her feet , she watched him slap another slab of cheese on yet another slice of bread and stuff the whole thing in his big fat mouth .
even if he could find the damn thing , though , how could he ever turn a machine like that over to daniel , the vampire without a conscience , the one who would sell his soul for just one more brick of gold ?
she stood across the room , next to eve 's table , an ancient wooden thing polished to a gleam through the years .
he 's kept him all this time , without my knowledge , when i thought josh was dead , so that when daniel wanted to use him to get to me , to create this '' -she touched the chain at her neck- '' he 'd have the tool he needed , the only thing that would have ever persuaded me down this road with you . ''
` ` to help me find the damn thing . ''
` ` and this group uses this thing ? ''
` ` it 's probably the most important thing you will wear tonight .
i made up a braided cloth toy and i must have thrown that thing a thousand times , all in secret , of course . ''
how sweet it tasted , the exact thing she needed to fill up her reserves .
he shrugged , then he laughed , that thing she could make him do .
` ` the same ventilation flaps , same color , but the whole thing has an additional black section on the bottom . ''
maybe because she was feeling so low , she thought this might be a good time to see the smallish thing he 'd given her as a going - away present .
and if leto knew one thing , it was how to build an army .
he 'd built the damn thing as a private space , something he could only fold in and out of , but it had become a prison .
as hot as that damn thing was it gave me more comfort than i realized . ''
the damn thing was genius .
the zipper could have been a little longer , but it made wiggling out of the damn thing the right kind of show to put on .
luken jerked and emitted a faint groan indicating the damn thing hurt , but he hung on .
as her gaze roved him once more , she slid the straps off the long , red gown , letting the whole thing fall all the way to the pavers .
the mess went everywhere and she had n't even been able to call on her vampire speed and keep the thing from spilling .
she turned to flop down on her chaise - longue , but there he was , stretched out as pretty as you please and not wearing a damn thing .
-collected proverbs , beatrice of fourth translation into the modern vernacular chapter 4 at eleven thirty in the morning , thorne held his tumbler of icy ketel one in his hand and tried to keep the damn thing from shaking .
the thing was bristly as hell but she loved it .
` ` open your eyes but hold on to this thing . ''
glancing back at seriffe , she said , ` ` so you know i ' ve got this thing called obsidian flame , the gold variety as endelle calls it . ''
thorne did n't do the blast first thing , though .
he gathered energy from all around him , let it sing through his arm , and in a quick flying bolt blasted the damn thing off the hinges .
but what she really hated were the thick calluses on the woman 's leg from having worn the damn thing for so long .
one more word and i ' m not taking the ankle guard off because it 's getting pretty clear to me why sister quena put it on in the first place and why stanny added his own level of security to the damn thing . ''
once the wound eased up then disappeared , she flipped around in her seat and stared down at the two halves of the guard , at the thing that had kept her bound to both the creator 's convent and the superstition fortress .
she 'd become a sun worshipper since she 'd seen the damn thing so infrequently during her prison term .
like everyone else on second , he had thought the mate - bonding ritual a thing out of ascension mythology , something written in fables to charm the feminine heart and to make men strong and lusty with their women .
rith demanded exercise first thing in the morning , so i flew . ''
when i kept my house in boston , i had my housekeeper bring me a cup first thing .
he watched elise lift the smaller boulder higher still , then with all the strength she could muster she crashed the damn thing down on the death vamp 's head .
the whole thing was one large piece of whimsy in what was otherwise a dull room of white walls , a green comforter , and black sheets , a room that never enjoyed any activity other than sleep .
he folded the damn thing back to his vault deep within his villa .
she folded a brush and some kind of ruffled thing into her hands .
she took a few swipes at her long blond hair with the brush , swept the mass into a ponytail , and used the ruffled thing to hold it in place .
he wanted to bust the damn thing down and drag havily back to bed .
she torched the whole thing although i will admit my timing was atrocious .
maybe in time this stupid thing will fade , dim , release me , us , both of us . ''
havily wore an emerald - green flying halter , boned to support her br**sts and tight around the waist to keep the whole thing from sliding around while she maneuvered through the air .
the whole thing looked ready to fall over .
his chest felt like he 'd strapped on a boulder then carried the damn thing around day and night .
so what exactly was this thing with the porcelain skin that hung in the air without any apparent cable support ?
he released his strangled grip on the phone then hung the damn thing up .
` ` it 's rare but the damn thing exists .
grunting , he gave one hard jerk , which flipped the damn thing onto its side , breaking two of the four legs supporting the heavy table .
i bet santiago we would n't go another month without having to replace the damn thing . ''
before endelle could blink again , the proposed military - admin complex lay before her , on top of the report she was reading , the portfolio as the base , the entire thing an architectural pop - up .
she could n't seem to make sense of what was happening to her , the mind being a limited thing and only able to absorb so much .
once he had her bra exposed , he used a fang and sliced the damn thing in two , savoring the cry that broke past her lips .
he swore that if his heart were any weaker the damn thing would give one hard jerk and stop pumping altogether .
` ` i have my gallery and i teach classes on assimilation for ex - pats , currency , lingo , that kind of thing .
maybe wait till the whole thing collapses ? ''
he 'd pulled his hair back in a clasp but that was the only thing he wore .
` ` i ' ve heard of this thing , it 's some kind of rose , but ... aw , hell , never mind .
he slammed the door shut with his foot , turned , and locked the damn thing .
it 's just a little diner thing .
she 'd had nine centuries to practice the blasted thing , she 'd better not hit bad notes .
she was a pretty little thing , i 'll give you that .
then as he was reaching for the glass , she suddenly and inexplicably dumped the whole thing down the sink with a flick of her wrist .
sam pulled out his palm and clicked on a few things .
the thing was on crooked and did n't look pretty , but it was snug and should hold .
` ` just adjust the little white clip thing and make the straps shorter .
she was n't touching that thing if her life depended on it .
complain about men , that sort of thing . ''
he slammed his shoulder into the couch he had just stood up and his hip knocked the undersprings , rocking the whole thing precariously .
but what stopped him dead in his tracks , robbed him of all breath and all coherent thought , was the thing lying in the middle of her bed , like she 'd tossed it aside negligently after getting up .
i ca n't find a damn thing ! ''
kelsey walked in , wearing a red bikini and a shawl - type thing that covered a one - inch strip across her pelvis .
tossing her head back , she drank the whole thing , trying not to gag .
yet she was pretty sure such an idealistic thing did n't exist .
this side - by - side suite thing was perfect for herconvenient to ethan , but still a locked door away if she needed time to herself .
` ` did you bring your little kit thing ? ''
she could not let corbin near her with that thing .
a shiver ran through me despite the heat , and i focused on his other tattoos , the screaming skull that marched down his flank and the weird thing on his chest that may or may not have been a winged werewolf .
but after realizing it was gone i found the stupid thing in the coat closet , and then tucked away in the bathroom vanity , so while he was at work i put it back in the living room , front and center on the coffee table .
maybe food related ... just like a big piece that says ' eat , ' or ' yum yum , ' that sort of thing . ''
` ` oh , geez , that poor thing .
this is the first thing that tastes like food and it 's awesome .
` ` now do n't throw that wig thing at me .
` ` wig thing ? ''
his wrist was n't the only thing that gave a flourish .
his relationships such as they were had been like origami , full of little folds , then when he tugged one piece the whole thing collapsed .
` ` i want this thing off of me right now !
` ` i think i found the most authentically french thing in the quarter , '' he told her .
i 'll dry - clean the damn thing and return it . ''
` ` get that thing out of here .
the damned thing pecked him again , but just like before it then climbed up his sleeve to his shoulder .
no one would take that damned thing even if you paid them . ''
the darned thing was narcing on her .
shake your groove thing , '' the bird crowed , and the dancing vagrant did .
i loved that thing and it was n't cheap . ''
no sense in riding this thing all the way to the ground floor again .
it was impossible to type when the thing was rocking back and forth , destabilized by his massive erection .
she had brought it , knowing she had to read the thing sooner or later so she did n't miss the early signs of labor , or make an ill - informed circumcision decision .
he picked up mandy 's beach bag to set it on the table , marveling at how heavy the thing was .
he 'd be better off just reading the whole damn thing .
patty had been a flirty little thing , who had zeroed in on rob after he 'd beaned her with the football on accident .
he could barely see her around the damn thing .
personally , she thought it was really romantic , sort of a maid in manhattan kind of thing , only mandy was n't poor .
` ` put that thing away !
suddenly he did n't want a ten in her bootybook log , he wanted the whole damn thing deleted off her phone .
` ` but i might know a thing or two about angry exes . ''
she did n't know why , only that she remained silent , groping around for her shorts , her sandals , staring out at the shadowed trees as she slid her shorts on , trying to lift her butt no more than was absolutely necessary to get the damn things on .
you can have a gang shooting with seventy - five witnesses and they 'll all claim they did n't see a thing . ''
he pushed the bag over to her , wanting her to see her the way he did , as a work of art , a thing of beauty , a woman with a lovely smile , and a cheerful approach to a thankless job .
this is the third thing i ' ve seen , though it 's not as ugly as that bench downstairs .
` ` well , you know this thing has to have a secret compartment somewhere . ''
` ` i have just the thing for you .
i had this thing put away in the nightstand and when i came in , it was sitting on my bed .
it was just a thing .
i did n't ever walk around in my panties in front of him , and after a night together , if i slept naked , i always pulled on pjs first thing .
but more to the point , i did n't understand why devin would want that thing around .
` ` oh , shit , that thing ?
it was a modern design and the whole thing seemed to be tilting forward towards the street in a way that was both cool and terrifying .
` ` i wonder why devin keeps this thing . ''
geez , did he wax that thing ?
` ` how do you turn this thing off ? ''
good gravy , that thing was rocking .
where was the damn thing ?
since boston and i got locked in his room , no one 's seen a darn thing .
there was no way she could be wearing a bra with that thing , and as she leaned against the porch post , her br**sts thrust out seductively , beckoning him .
the way boston looked at her , like she was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen in his life , made her feel willing to do just about anything .
` ` if you 're still functioning after the eyelet spread incident , i think it 's time for you to take your jeans off and put that thing to work . ''
if you 're into the antique - y thing . ''
nothing above the elbows was showing , and he could n't even get a good shot of her cute little backside with that thing hanging down over her dingy gray shorts .
` ` we would like to conduct a series of interviews with the people who witnessed the ghost sighting , run some footage of the house , that sort of thing , but mr . macnamara does n't seem interested in cooperating . ''
she never should have borrowed the damn thing from her cousin heather .
` ` well , are n't you a pretty little thing , '' he whispered , because it was true .
the stupid thing was broken , obviously .
` ` whoa , is this thing accurate ?
` ` this thing 's huge !
` ` well , she 's a sad - looking thing .
amanda could n't believe danny was still letting her wear that nasty thing .
danny looked over to where she was shifting a lace thing on the end table under the lamp .
he was perfectly content without one , like every person in america had been before the things were invented in the first place .
it stung like hell , but she jerked harder until the thing came free .
it was good coffee , the real thing .
willie pushed her rocker back and forth on the front porch and wished the damn thing creaked .
* * * hitting various buttons on the dryer , not really sure how the ancient thing worked , brady tried to get a grip on himself .
` ` this thing is a thousand years old .
` ` oh , i can think of a thing or two . ''
it 's crap , but at least on this thing i can make the print huge .
she was by far the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen in his entire life .
he might want his toothbrush back , the only thing still left at her place after she had sent the rest of his things home with shelby a few days after their breakup .
he might want his toothbrush back , the only thing still left at her place after she had sent the rest of his things home with shelby a few days after their breakup .
` ` and i ' m real sure it 's the sexiest thing this side of the atlantic . ''
the only thing we have they do n't is the high school , which both towns share .
` ` anyway , she was wearing this little string bikini thing , and the guy she happened to fancy was climbing with us . ''
feelings might be developing , but it does n't overlook the fact she 's still the sexiest thing devon has ever f**king seen .
` ` rub , or any variation of the word , is a dangerous thing to use around my brother .
` ` that ... thing , your brother used to sleep with . ''
` ` that thing could block out the sun and cause the next eclipse , mason . ''
what you need is a pretty little blonde thing with an ass worth a million bucks . ''
` ` i thought i heard something about a pretty little blonde thing , '' heidi says from behind me .
you definitely got your mama 's looks , you lucky thing ! ''
i do n't need a thing in here .
` ` i hope you got a strap on that thing , because if it ai n't out of my face in the next ten seconds you 'll be pickin ' it up off the floor , '' i snap .
we have like twenty million likers on that thing .
` ` try anything with her and a bottle wo n't be the only thing getting f**kin ' broken . ''
maybe we could redo the coffee thing ?
` ` and put that thing away . ''
` ` you say that e'ry week , boy , and i 'll keep on saying the same thing back - i wish you 'd stop goin ' on about me smoking these ' damn things ' . ''
` ` well if you 're smokin ' now , put the thing out .
your gran went with her to the scan , and you were this tiny little thing on screen .
you know - the paved thing ? ''
~ ` ` you could have warned me the damn thing was n't stationary , '' blake grumbles , shuddering .
` ` lit the damn thing by accident . ''
but i ' m the closest damn thing you have . ''
it 's just the wrong thing you 're using - i think of you using that and i wonder what the hell cam would think of you .
i want every single thing i threw away .
and she 's just about the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen , and she wants me .
i 'd be too tempted to drive the bloody thing and no one in their right mind drives a 458 italia .
by the time we reach the fourth store , i have n't tried a single thing on .
the only thing he set on fire was my clit .
` ` the only thing you should ever threaten to rip is my panties . ''
i grab the nearest thing to me - a can of hairspray - and throw it in his direction .
the lump in my throat is the only thing stopping bile coming up - i know it .
that 's a stone thing . ''
so i got the damn thing out and switched to the pill .
he carefully puts his things in the trunk of the car .
` ` it 's like pandora 's fucking box in that thing ! ''
i used this thing called a brain .
i need this thing removed .
now , if you are n't doing something about it first thing on monday morning , i ' m tacking your pregnant self with an iou arse - kicking . ''
careful not to dislodge my iv or the pulse thing on my finger , i rest my cheek against his chest .
forcing herself to chew slowly , she swallowed down the first bite and resisted the urge to gobble the thing whole .
the last thing he wanted to do was inadvertently open the things .
` ` we 'll go back to base first thing in the morning . ''
if he did get this thing off the ground , she certainly did n't want him crashing the plane .
` ` it 's just physics that makes this thing work .
heavy footsteps sounded in the hall , jerking them both alert and upright until hugh franco rounded the corner in uniform , although it looked like he 'd slept in the thing .
` ` as long as the thing does n't erupt underneath us . ''
but all i could think was this beautiful , quirky , brilliant kid - the most miraculous thing i ' ve ever seen - would always know her mother did n't want her . ''
` ` my father wants me to go back to dallas first thing in the morning . ''
and even if she could pry the thing open ?
while continuing to sip , nuzzle , suckle along her heated core , he reached for his pants , dipping into the pocket , searching for his wallet and the one thing he 'd made damn sure not to be without since the first time he 'd put his lips on jolynn 's .
what a way to field - test the thing .
jolynn studied the fiat 's engine for at least the third time , still unable to figure out why the thing would n't crank .
they 'd charged and recharged the battery , only to have it drain in a second , almost like the thing was draining juice .
she slapped at the end table , desperate to silence the damn thing before it disturbed rex- and their time together .
mason stopped by the table of instruments and picked up that thing doctors used to look inside ears .
put down that , uh , thing .
they had checked and rechecked data and flight tapes and any damn thing they could think of .
if tentacles wrapped around that iron portal , she was feeding the darn thing agent barrera .
how long before that thing went off ?
he 'd gotten through the thing undetected , and that 's what really mattered .
` ` stop running away , or i 'll blow this thing and half a city block right now .
for that matter , a death twitch could set the thing off .
now she could n't see the thing , much less strap herself inside .
` ` you can really see through walls with this thing ? ''
i would say this thing has already proved it was worth the money . ''
nunez twisted the camera button on his jacket , praying like crazy the thing would n't explode into flames .
nunez had plotted this next phase carefully , putting himself in line to be drawn into the underground network if kutros had access to such a thing .
either the two men were n't talking , or the thing had malfunctioned .
` ` the thing was probably freaking ginormous . ''
first thing in the morning , she intended to make her hands - off edict clear .
if he was playing mind games with her , that was one thing .
technically , the security fellow was n't groping around inside her satiny camisole thing .
` ` this poor secret service fellow 's so worried about copping a feel he ca n't get the damn thing secured to save his soul . ''
good lord , the man was never without the thing .
a quiet humming noise while she filled the dresser drawers relayed that she liked the flowery smelling pillowy things they 'd put in there to scent up the clothes .
` ` no one will think it 's odd if i ' m using the thing .
the bed in the corner would have been optimal , but she figured it was better to ditch the thing fast .
` ` that ride looks far better than that bullet thing you lured me into trying . ''
damned if the thing did n't smell like her now , a light flowery perfume and something unmistakably her .
` ` i ' m starting to hate that damn thing . ''
` ` it 's just a thing , '' he answered without hesitation .
` ` i could n't open the thing without getting turned on . ''
the vibration increased , harder until he wondered if the whole thing would shake apart in his hands before they left the ground .
` ` he always bought the sports picture package , the big one with the team shot and individual in a banner thing .
time was ticking away and he could n't think of a thing more to do .
the damn thing was every bit as unstable as the cartinian security forces had warned him .
as long as he takes the car and not the truck 'cause the car does n't have a- '' she moved her right hand where that stick thing was in the truck , then grabbed hold of the chain again real quick .
i want to keep my other hand out of a cast for a while anyhow , only just got the damn thing off .
if only he could identify the damn thing and trace it .
and he knew just the thing to romance her with , the last thing he would have expected to use .
and he knew just the thing to romance her with , the last thing he would have expected to use .
god , how many hours ago had he put the thing on ?
where he could give her an air - conditioned room and bed , if not roses and candles and all the things this woman deserved .
talk about a freudian slip in buying the thing in the first place .
a tiny gasp thing that said maybe this was okay and she was n't saying no or pulling back .
he 'd have to take the thing off sometime , damn it .
yet right now he could almost feel the pinch of a bandage being ripped from an old wound only to find the whole damned thing had festered under the protective covering .
of course she picked it up and made tracks to hang the damned thing on the rack .
what a damned fine thing , because otherwise we 'd always have to worry about it being taken away the first time we screwed up .
he 'd flung it away more than once , but the thing kept sticking to his flight suit .
` ` that pull - up thing is leak proof , right ? ''
the thing was dry .
she swung her feet over the edge of the bed and arched up to stretch out sore muscles , vowing to visit a clinic first thing in the morning .
` ` hey , darce , '' max called , hitching his technicolor swim trunks higher on his hips as he strode toward the kitchenette , ` ` do n't forget to pack some of those juice box things , grape - blaster flavor .
` ` hey , crusty , is this thing working right ?
` ` is it some kind of protection thing ?
` ` i was too busy shaking the thing off to do a scientific classification , but i guess it was about the size of a fifty - cent piece .
he even slept with the thing .
did the man ever go anywhere without that thing ?
julia had been the one to take shelby shopping for prom dress , the one to twist ivy 's hair up into that ball recital hairnet thing .
do n't ever say you owe me a thing .
damn thing did n't fit right anyway .
` ` i ' m not sure what 's in that other thing there .
would his feet find ground before the whole damned thing burst into flames ?
things she 'd left at his place .
` ` okay , let 's put this thing together . ''
not a darn thing .
she 'd been so fixated on a silly little dream house she 'd almost missed the real thing .
` ` but we need to leave monte carlo first thing in the morning so you really should get some sleep . ''
` ` actually , i do n't owe you a thing .
he did n't owe her a damn thing .
` ` we 'll rectify that first thing in the morning , '' he promised her grandmother .
somehow , someway , she needed to get around his walls , or else she feared his body was the only thing he 'd ever make available to her again .
but to keep his life interesting , he lived in albany , twenty minutes from work and the closest thing to a real city he was likely to find in upstate new york .
the poor thing was starving .
four w hile ty loaded her last - minute things into the trunk , lacey sat digger in the back seat for the car ride to hawken 's cove .
` ` i 'll be gone first thing in the morning , '' he muttered , shaking his head at the ironic turn of events .
` ` so much more comfortable than that hard leather thing pete calls a couch . ''
another thing in short supply growing up . ''
` ` hey , are you coming or am i riding this thing alone ? ''
though he 'd been unwilling to look at the damn thing up until now , an afternoon in the sunshine with carly provided a not - to - be missed opportunity .
` ` must have made for a bigger target than a small jeep , because mortar fire hit the back tires and sent the damn thing careening down the side of a ravine . ''
` ` i ' m the next best thing to a journalist .
` ` what do you say we go check out the real thing ? ''
fifteen kevin hit his father 's doorstep first thing in the morning , hoping to find max sober , or at worst , hungover .
` ` one thing before we check things out . ''
` ` i can put the tray on the terrace and we can eat there , we can eat inside , or i can put it on the dresser and leave you in peace , but have pity on me because the darn thing 's getting heavy . ''
and one glance at how she looked first thing in the morning shifted his focus .
the one thing that was in order was the makeshift bar the older man had set up on the counter .
first thing in the morning , cole sanders was even more sexy than ever .
cole said it was a surprise , and since she 'd had to pack what she could of her personal things and toiletries , she had n't been privy to his phone conversations to set up a place for them to go .
` ` can you head over to nick 's place where i was staying and pack up all my things ?
he reached into his pocket for the other thing he 'd taken care of in manhattan and pulled out a small jewelry box .
` ` the carrying thing , then . ''
i need to f**k you and i ca n't do it on that flimsy thing . ''
but he had the scary feeling that the only thing that mattered was the fact that it was nicole selflessly giving him all those things , at a time when he should have remained focused on her .
okay , so it was n't the best question first thing the morning after , but she 'd spent the night in his arms .
` ` what can you expect when the poor thing 's been left alone all night .
` ` this thing looks like it 's seen better days . ''
but if the cops had n't arrested him by now , they did n't have a damn thing on him .
` ` i want both of you downtown first thing tomorrow morning , you understand ? ''
ben loaded the last of his things into the trunk of the mustang .
a man 's ego is a fragile thing . ''
kayla had finally gotten the dial to move , but the darn thing continued to pump heat .
` ` it 's the closest thing to homemade you 'll get from me .
` ` there was n't a damn thing she could have done about anything .
he worked at the buttons with shaking hands , reminiscent of his first attempt as a teenager in the backseat of an old beat - up thing his uncle had called a car .
the next thing he heard was the sounds of her moving around , picking things up , putting them down .
` ` there was no news before i left , but i 'll follow up first thing in the morning .
one touch by ethan would mess up the whole thing .
i 'll call him first thing in the morning . ''
he bit the bullet and called the cleaning service he occasionally used and arranged for them to come first thing monday ; then he went food shopping on sunday .
thinking back to the schedule his secretary had handed him first thing this morning , he figured they had time .
the money , the country club , all the things that at the time , trevor could never be sure he 'd be able to provide .
` ` you also mentioned something about serving coffee and you literally paled when it dawned on you that you 'd have to buy new things .
` ` give me the damn thing , '' he said gruffly .
subdivision of land and things resulted in the smaller parcels and homes in the downtown area .
lanie rose from her seat and walked around the store , her fingers trailing over things as she moved , her walk graceful , serene .
i 'd think you could use the same thing , '' faith pointed out .
` ` i should have burned that thing when i had the chance . ''
` ` what are you doing with that thing ? ''
she kissed him as if she knew him inside and out , yet still had more places to find and things to learn .
he 'd decided to obtain jujus - objects made from something that had once been alive , tree bark among other things - as protection .
he 'd hoped to forget the damn thing ever existed .
unfortunately , he had to be in court first thing monday .
` ` for the love of ... get that thing out of here . ''
he 'd organize it and take it to the bank first thing in the morning .
king bobby stared at the phone in the office of his dealership , willing the darn thing to ring .
` ` and you made sure i did n't have to deal with you first thing this morning , either . ''
you can take my car first thing tomorrow .
` ` put that thing away . ''
` ` i 'll get the holes patched first thing in the morning , '' he promised .
but i ' m determined to get this thing finished and sold on time . ''
` ` why did n't you put that thing on silent ? ''
considering she had no idea where lauren had put the damned thing , they 'd need time to search .
the one thing he did n't need was the gun .
` ` same thing i always wear to bed .
the one thing guaranteed to kill any erection .
she 'd liked the flirty sensation so much , it had been the main reason she 'd picked the first thing elizabeth had shown her .
` ` i do n't care if sarah bernhardt wore the damn thing .
i ' m grateful you protected me from your uncle even when i had n't done a damn thing to deserve your faith . ''
` ` okay , this red thing is the on / off switch .
` ` good thing you 're anal and afraid of running out of things , '' micki said .
` ` i was just testing the thing by wearing it '' he muttered .
she lifted the first thing she could find , a block of sticky notes , and leveled it across the room , but the lightweight object dropped uselessly to the floor .
tell mother i 'll call first thing in the morning . ''
ask him to come down and see what he thinks of this thing before the police take it away . ''
my sophie is not in need of a man , so you guys out there can stop sending her flowers and plants and chocolates and things to the office . ''
the television station went to commercial at the same time roper yelled aloud , ` ` somebody shut that damn thing off before i rip the speakers off the wall . ''
damn thing had a knife stuck in the shoulder . ''
` ` wipe the frown off your pretty face and look at how old this thing is . ''
if this was the best life had to offer , roper did n't need another damn thing .
` ` normally , i would argue with you , but i ' m afraid you 'll decapitate me in my sleep with that thing , so i 'll let it slide .
19 when audrey modeled the little pink lacy bits of fabric for me that night back at her place , it was all i could do to not rip the thing off her .
i worried about her driving aud in the thing , but if she got stranded anywhere , she 'd picked up enough auto maintenance from stryker to know how to fix anything that might go wrong .
hell , i barely let my sister drive this thing , and she 's my twin . ''
i might still have the thing in my wallet .
damn , the thing was jammed .
not even for a cute little thing like you . ''
i let him layer the noodles and sauce and then it was time to shove the thing in the oven .
` ` you ever take that thing off ? ''
it 's the only thing that works . ''
you 're lucky a busted jaw is the only thing she gave you , '' dusty said , getting right in the guy 's face .
too bad my ugly thing was n't a vampire i could stake that would just turn to ash .
that i deserved to have this thing that i wanted , so much , dangled in front of my face .
if there was one thing we always had at yellowfield house , it was nutella .
i gingerly climbed over dusty and grabbed the first thing i found to cover myself with , which turned out to be his shirt .
hannah choked a little on her frozen caramel starbucks thing , and i banged her on the back .
` ` i swear , if you take that thing off , you will receive zero birthday sex . ''
i sighed and left the damn thing on , and he laughed .
` ` can i take this thing off yet ? ''
bitsy wainwright must have deemed them unpotluckable , even though the woman behind the deli case at the supermarket had assured michael they were just the thing .
and , somehow , knowing that this was the sort of thing she wore underneath them made michael itch to learn more .
but he said nothing more than that , only smiled in a way that was even more predacious , a development that reinforced selby 's certainty that he wanted that thing she was saving for someone else , someone she had n't met yet , granted , but someone else all the same , someone to whom it would mean something , someone who would take care of it , and cherish it , and never mistreat it at all .
` ` just the thing to go with the dress .
the adorable little thing .
not the fact that her attire was the sort of thing normally worn by people who 'd sustained a severe head trauma .
she 'd shown up as a stray kitten outside the gates of the rupert halloran women 's correctional facility during the final month of avery 's term , and after much urging and cajoling from the inmates , one of the guards had brought the scrawny little thing inside for the women to fuss over .
whatever kind of identification he was trying to show her , it was in a folding case , with some kind of photo and writing on the left side and some kind of badgish - looking thing on the right .
the badgish - looking thing on the right was a rendition of a badge with a symbol on it , if not an actual badge itself , though it was one avery had never seen before .
and every other damned device engineered to keep people hooked up to every damned thing in the universe every damned minute of the day .
and right when things had been getting steamy , too , tanner had been sorry to see when he went to prepare the transcript first thing next morning .
funny thing was , she was n't sure she really wanted her old things back .
finally , ` ` i have an old green thing that might work on you , '' she said .
she withdrew an opaque , zippered garment bag , something that told avery the dress was n't such an old green thing after all .
the old green thing carly had offered her had turned out to be a simple emerald - green cocktail dress fashioned of exquisite watered silk that , although none too tight , still managed to hug her curves from the strapless bodice to the fitted hemline just above her knees .
because that thing suddenly stirred to life in a way that had never happened in a public venue .
she was going to have to clean that thing out soon .
she plucked a laminated menu from the napkin holder and began to inspect it very carefully , even though the two of them had eaten here often enough that she should have had the thing memorized by now .
` ` there are some deep files hidden on this thing under nicole 's desktop , but they 're locked tight .
because the first thing he showed her was something called a mac-10 pistol , the product , evidently , of some weird mechanical eugenics , in this case splicing the dna of a tommy gun and a calculator .
finally , she took the gun from him , her arm immediately falling in response to the surprisingly heavy weight of the thing .
when she finally managed to insert all six bullets in just over thirty seconds - a new record noah told her , since even newbies in training for the first time could do it twice as fast - she strode to the nearest range to actually fire the damned thing .
no way was she going to test that bazooka thing .
it was always better to have the real thing than a pale substitute .
lots of student - type apartments , coffee shops , clubs , student - friendly retail establishments , that kind of thing .
a shriveled little thing like that ?
even her eyes seemed alive , darting from one thing in the bedroom to another ... though never quite settling on joel .
musta come as a huge surprise to the lady when she got a look at the real thing . ''
she was n't that tall , but a swift glance at her bodice assured him she was quite mature , thank you - was only a slim bit of a thing , dressed foolishly in a green velvet gown , richly over - embroidered in red and gold .
lily jumped , whirling , her hand on her heart , which surely had stopped , poor , worn thing .
her heart , that silly , mercurial thing , was beating in double time .
she sank into the old settee , seemingly not noticing how the thing rocked unsteadily beneath her .
unless penelope decided she no longer needed a lady 's companion after she we d. artemis 's fingers tightened about the thing the ghost of st . giles had left in her hand .
the duke plucked the thing from lord featherstone 's hand - making the younger man flinch - and held it up to the light .
he tossed the box to penelope , who simply blinked , forcing artemis to dive rather ungracefully for the thing .
she 'd worn the emerald pendant for months now - too afraid to leave the damnably expensive thing alone in her bedroom - but yesterday she 'd added something else to the chain .
he 'd take the thing away and beat the guard with his own weapon , by god .
` ` naughty thing , '' the elderly duke breathed .
he still wore his white wig and she snatched it off , flinging the expensive thing aside .
break off the thing and set her free .
he thumbed the head , pressing it toward her until he rubbed against her pretty cunny with the base thing .
came back from the hols with the thing and was showing all the boys and the next night after i got it off illingsworth , well , then i went to play a game of dice with several of the boys and that 's when i lost it to kilbourne . ''
the whole was simply sublime , and artemis thought wryly that she 'd never worn such a lovely thing in all her life .
he shoved the thing into his boot and took megs 's elbow .
his erection , silly thing , did n't know the show was over .
ugly and gnarled as the tree was , it seemed a lonely thing out here in the garden by itself .
she yanked overhard on the tassel and the thing came off in her hand .
she looked up again and drew the whole thing over her head , leaving her in the chemise , wrinkles pressed into the nearly transparent fabric from the stays .
megs stood there , her glorious hair tumbled about her shoulders , a hand at her throat holding her wrapper closed , and godric immediately wondered if that was the only thing she wore .
` ` i 'll look like a veritable indian prince in that thing . ''
still godric lost the carriage twice and had to scramble over sliding tiles to keep up , cursing under his breath until he caught sight of the thing again .
even so , the hellequin took her hand and dismounted , leading her to stand with him before the thing .
she drew it out as pinkney eyed her askance and put the heavy thing across her lap .
carefully she lifted the thing over his head and was surprised to find underneath a thin black silk scarf covering the upper part of his face , from the bridge of his strong nose to his forehead .
a pale thing lay among the dog 's dark fur , like an exotic starfish lost from the sea : a child 's hand .
it was a silly thing , and yet ... oddly adorable and utterly fitting in lady beckinhall 's sitting room .
` ` she 's still abed and not speaking , poor thing .
how do you suppose a small boy in st . giles found such a thing ? ''
underneath was her night rail , a frivolous thing of lace and silk .
quietly he rose , dressed , and placed a few things in his bag .
isabel reached the pistol and grasped it in both hands , lifting the heavy thing and pointing it toward the fighters .
but , see , she 's a soft thing , is mrs . ' ollingbrook , though she ' ides it be'ind a sharp tongue .
she was obviously terribly near - sighted , poor thing .
she was a pretty little thing , there was no doubt .
he spat on his palm and took the thing in his hand .
i was n't going to be that thing .
it might seem easy to her , but his money - his pirating - was the only thing he had to guard himself against want .
` ` for i can not imagine a thing more sweet than me cock in yer cunny .
` ` that 's not the only thing he 'll show you at his estate , i 'll wager . ''
` ` lady pimbroke has torn a ribbon or lace or some such thing , and you ' ve kindly consented to help her . ''
he 'd found the thing under the settee and had meant to give it back to lady perfect before her tart tongue had made him forget the trinket altogether .
nick usually sent word first thing in the morning .
the thing had been rickety in the extreme .
the hair there was thick and black , and his penis rose ruddy and dark from it , a strange , foreign , male thing .
the thing in her hand was her diamond earring .
mother heart's - ease gestured to an empty chair , a rickety wooden thing .
the thing was lost now .
he did n't need to look at his bare shoulder to know that the thing was gravely infected .
he swore an oath he 'd normally never utter in her presence , and took the thing off , throwing it to the table .
lazarus glided to her side and plucked the ragged thing from her fingers .
for five long years , she 'd mooned over a painted man , a thing of dreams and fantasy .
i ' ve watched you moon over that thing for years . ''
when he 'd lived with the indians , the only thing he 'd covered his head with was a blanket , and then only when the winters were especially cold .
` ` i wore him out , poor thing .
he 'd left off his patch again - the damned thing was a nuisance - and his face was no doubt going to inspire nightmares in her sleep tonight .
and she saw that the thing in his arms was a big silver platter .
mysterious , feminine , and the most erotic thing he 'd ever seen in his life .
the girl actually sang rather well , but the poor thing wore enormous panniers and a floppy bonnet , and she carried a pail of all things .
the fireplace was a pretty little thing , tiled in cobalt blue and surrounded by a white woodwork mantel .
where had she gotten such a thing ?
that thin line of hair leading from his navel was the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen .
it 's a massive , portfolio - sized thing , but the engravings are quite lovely .
the door was a massive thing at least ten feet high and bound with great iron hinges .
other things had been added to the little cache in place of the violet : a tiny sprig and a few hairs curled together .
it was part of the reason tommy was so proud of the thing . ''
and i know that you try to hide all that , as if you were like every other lady , a pretty thing made of meringue - sugary sweet and nothing but air . ''
hot bod aside , ethan hayes was a kid , not to mention the furthest thing from her type .
the guy had n't stopped gushing about the damn rifle , but juliet could n't deny that he definitely knew how to use that thing .
` ` target the building supports and the whole thing will cave in with a few strategic blasts . ''
he loves that thing almost as much as he loves his boat . ''
` ` holden could scale that thing in his sleep . ''
our team could n't check the house , damn thing was still in flames when they got there .
the thing flew right off its hinges and went crashing to the weathered wooden floor in the house 's tiny entryway .
right leg seems to be broken - the thing is at a scary angle , dragging on the ground .
he strode over to the sliding door , plucked luke 's cigarette out of his hand , and hijacked the thing .
she could probably sell this thing for a huge chunk of change .
she nearly dropped the thing , then took a breath to steady herself and dialed vince 's number .
eyes snapping open , he lunged for the phone , the way he 'd been lunging every time the damn thing went off .
d would n't do a damn thing without getting something back from olivia .
how on earth had they transferred her contacts into this thing ?
and the damn thing collapsed . ''
a lucky absconder might succeed in driving the thing for half a mile before the rims collapsed , but there 'd be no permanent getaways .
` ` if i choose to go after devlin , you ca n't do a damn thing to stop me . ''
it had a funny - looking pipe thing attached to the end of it , but she did n't care .
how the hell do you sleep on this thing ?
erika sighs and gathers up her things before saying , ` ` do n't forget your scripts , '' and leaves .
` ` was n't this the best thing you ' ve ever seen him in ? ''
i stand there for a few seconds , contemplating my possible impending public humiliation , and i realize there 's only one thing that can help me stop freaking out , and he 's upstairs , maybe shirtless .
after i read that damn thing , i had an erection for over a week .
a girl is answering her son 's phone first thing in the morning .
` ` crap ... '' ` ` cassie- '' ` ` how the frack does this thing work ? ! ''
i had to get out of this building and somehow lose that thing .
the thing was brought up short by the fact that one of its creators was standing in the doorway staring at it with murderous intent .
` ` stop pointing that thing at me , '' he informed him coldly .
i forced myself not to glance at bishop who had assured me his concoction of every deadly thing he could get his hands on would be ready to go tomorrow .
i wished i could see through the damn thing to what was going on inside .
` ` there has to be an emergency way off of this thing . ''
my hands grasped the control stick , the only other thing within the small container with me as i fumbled to control it .
that thing , which i now recognized as being eerily similar to the tentacles that came from the larger monsters that hunted us , slid down sarah 's throat as the hideous girl knocked her to the ground with far more force than i would have expected from her small frame .
before this war with the aliens i 'd been reasonably fit , but i certainly would n't have been able to handle hauling this thing through the woods .
bret and i carried the thing toward one of the back rooms .
even in the dim light i could clearly see the excitement that filled his gaze as he stared at the thing we held .
` ` where do you want this thing ? ''
i breathed a sigh of relief as i dropped the damn thing on the counter , grateful to be rid of the weight of the hideous creature .
goose pimples were beginning to break out on my flesh ; i could n't tear my gaze away from the hideous thing on the counter .
` ` damn thing is acting up . ''
i held my breath , hoping like hell the damn thing finally worked .
someone had survived the freezing , whether it was jenna 's aunt , her parents , or other survivors i did n't know , but the only thing left in the cabinet 's were a box of baking soda and a thing of vanilla .
i stumbled , nearly fell , but the thing slammed into my shoulder knocking me back as it pierced my body .
after what i had just experienced , with that thing , i was fairly certain that nothing could truly hurt again .
now i did n't care that the only thing covering me was a bra , a bra that was white , tattered , and dirty .
the pharmacy was the first thing we came across .
i hoped it was enough to fight off whatever microbes might be multiplying in my body right now due to that hideous thing .
` ` this thing 's going to be a pain in the ass to carry , '' he mumbled as he studied it from all angles .
it did n't fit well , and he was n't able to completely zip it closed , but it was still better than having his hands occupied with carrying the thing .
i was n't sure if this thing would be that detailed , but it did have gleaming onyx eyes that seemed to penetrate straight to my very soul .
i should take this thing down with me .
grabbing hold of the closest thing to me , i lifted the microscope and swung it at him with the full force of my might .
her face had n't gone slack , her hand had n't dropped to her side , she had n't fallen to the ground but simply become freaking frozen into this strange mannequin - like thing standing behind the counter .
the thing was smaller than a mac truck but there was something about it that reminded me of a semi without its trailer .
the piece of glass within her hands had been driven through my original impact area , severing the thing in half .
gratitude filled me ; i pulled the limp thing away from me and dropped it onto the floor as i rose shakily to my feet .
the red color in it was blood , human blood , and this thing was not full yet .
looking at this thing , i was pretty sure that they just might be .
i never saw the thing until it slammed against the side of my face .
that thing had been stuffed like a fat tick , ripe with all the blood of the people we knew .
i turned away from the hateful sight of that awful thing .
it would n't be long before the whole thing toppled in on us .
i drew on all the things i had learned as a child as i pulled myself up the tree .
strange , twisted things were wrapped in circles close to the monstrosity 's hideous mouth .
i did n't know what i was going to do against that thing but i did n't care .
i dug into the bag and pulled out a thing of peanut butter crackers .
i agreed that we had to try , or at least they did , but i was fairly certain that i was n't going in that awful thing .
where did the damn thing go , and would we be able to get through it ?
` ` how long will it take you to read that thing ? ''
so pull the damn thing out and be ready . ''
` ` take this thing out of my arm , lily . ''
he 'd never seen such a thing , a mere child dissected like an insect .
` ` so the damn thing snapped . ''
they have that chocolate volcano thing i love . ''
a pretty little thing .
if she gave him a hard - on all the time and he had to walk around with the damned thing , she could just deal with it .
i need to get you little earmuffs in case we have to fire this thing .
because if there was a book floating around , he was going to read the thing .
he did n't want the whole damn thing to flip over .
` ` damn thing .
` ` i ' m signing the damn thing over to you .
a bank of computers was built into the far wall , the only thing completed .
` ` who wants that tiny little thing ? ''
` ` unplug the damn thing now . ''
someone looked you up and studied you , tried to find the perfect thing to scare you with .
does n't this thing have cheese in it ? ''
sergeant major says to cut the damn thing out of him regardless .
can you stitch up your hip while i try digging for this thing ? ''
he was glad they had n't gotten rid of the twin - sized thing she 'd been sleeping in .
the signature was really the only consistent thing i had to i d him with , so i ran it against every single person that had a past with whitney .
you should be able to move through the two of them if you watch each lens , and use that weirdass teleportation thing you ' ve got .
` ` drop that f**king thing . ''
tansy sank into a chair and studied tucker 's mug from every angle before cupping her hands around it , palms not quite touching , hoping she would n't have to actually touch the thing to gain impressions .
if i tell you to drop that thing and you do n't , i 'll be in a better position to force it out of your hand .
` ` take it or leave it , but you are n't touching that thing without me surrounding you with as much protection as i can give you . ''
drop that f**king thing now .
i tried opening her hand to get her to drop the thing , but not even using pressure points helped .
sex with a scrawny thing like you is no fourth of july .
` ` it will be my luck the stupid thing is broken .
saber , on the other hand , definitely could rip the thing right out of my body , so she damned well better not be whitney 's spy . ''
` ` the damn thing 's dead .
brought him food even , some little thing he 'd found and thought fred should try .
` ` what else does that thing do ? ''
hell , just because his c**k was hard did n't mean the damned thing could work anymore .
if they 're too big , they 'll slide over that lightweight thing the doc put on her leg . ''
` ` i can move things , and i can even make suggestions , have a guard look away , that sort of thing , but i ' ve never seen anyone else with the power to control another person 's movements .
i do n't have a damn thing to use as protection and this is bullshit , taking you here .
i 'd want things from you ; i 'd want you to learn to have the kind of sex i need , and that 's not the best thing for you .
they put nails in the damn thing .
chapter 19 ken 's home , situated deep in the montana wilderness and surrounded by national forest on three sides , was the most beautiful thing mari had ever seen .
you know how to use this thing ?
` ` are you going to stab me with that thing ? ''
i had no idea the birth control pills were n't the real thing . ''
two separate masculine scrawls , one stating in very crude terms that ken could shove the computer somewhere impossible to shove and jack was n't opening the thing .
wait until the damn thing is clear of the house .
i told you to park the thing in the shed .
she began to shake , the pain streaking through her , clawing at her stomach , but she was determined to cut the thing out .
i ' m tempted to cut the thing out of you myself , just like you did the tracking disc . ''
darn thing lurched to one side and spoiled my shot .
when he 'd thrown his body over hers , her skin had been the softest thing he 'd ever touched .
if you stick me with that thing , make it somewhere not important to me . ''
` ` he was bragging about what he 'd do with a little hot thing like flame . ''
` ` you do that again and i 'll break that thing over your head . ''
i would n't have to do a damned thing to take you down , but you killed my boy . ''
it is n't the same thing i use out in the field when i ' m working .
watching her take comfort in a silly piece of cloth , as if the damned thing represented her family , her past ... ... and it did .
when i shine my light on it from this angle , i 'd swear the thing had gems in it .
joie stared at the hideous thing .
who could have carved such a thing ?
it had not occurred to me to check there , but if we find such a thing , are you volunteering for undercover work ?
` ` the darn thing fried my favorite knife .
this thing is going to blow . ''
` ` maybe we should be a little careful with this thing , '' he said .
` ` i hit the thing instead of you , did n't i ? ''
` ` look at that thing .
i ' m close to cracking the entire thing .
` ` can you get this thing off of me ?
skyler used the one thing she knew would get through to him .
` ` just who is this girl who managed to construct this thing ? ''
she 's not the little submissive thing you thought , is she ?
those fighting the rogues had run into the same thing he had , a thin plate of armor that seemed to be under the skin .
that thing has no target .
eventually , the darn thing went down , but it took about ten arrows and five full buckets of the stuff .
rather than hurling the thing away , as instinct might demand and running from the creatures bearing down on him , fen stood staring at the pebble as if mesmerized .
` ` how so much comes out of such a tiny thing is beyond me . ''
about half the people on this thing do n't have their privacy setting set up , giving me access to just about everything .
` ` and cubic zirconia looks just as good as the real thing .
if it was n't the only link they had to a possible suspect , she 'd delete the thing now .
emergency lights were the only thing working , giving very little light to a space he 'd only ever seen filled with people .
i do n't want to attempt to drive this thing in the dark . ''
` ` she 'll probably put the new couch in our room and keep this lumpy thing out here . ''
i think i ' ve marched in this thing at least a half a dozen times , '' rena said .
` ` i seem to remember there being some kind of trick to turning this thing over . ''
` ` i remember the first time you got on that thing , '' she told mike .
` ` i ca n't believe dad still has that thing , '' mike told them .
neil macbain paused the audio feed , shook his head , rewound the damn thing , and listened to it again .
` ` it 's the closest thing to a spanish villa this side of the border ... well , that i ' ve found anyway . ''
damn thing was pink .
he felt a genuine smile on his lips when he looked at the thing .
neil just could n't find the damn thing .
he also remembered blake saying he thought his personal phone line was bugged but that none of the men he 'd hired found a thing .
` ` they have this thing ... '' ` ` a thing ?
we know whoever this guy was he had the ability to hack into this system and take off with a car , then return the damn thing without question .
look at the thing , blake ... all those guys were young .
with her hands behind her back , she could n't reach the thing anyway .
not that she knew how she would fire the thing at him from behind her back , but she damn well would if she had to .
god only knew what awaited him when he turned the damn thing back on .
` ` i want a report first thing friday morning . ''
what man would n't love that kind of thing ?
only he could open the thing , or a criminal would have to pry the collar off the deadly dog 's neck to gain access .
big mistake , the thing moved .
he 'd loaded it with silver bullets , the only thing known to slow down and possibly kill a werewolf .
saying she saw such a thing would land her in the nut house and joey in a foster home .
` ` okay , that worked , but i still want you to get over here and fix this damn thing . ''
` ` my place , to pick up a few things .
he blew out a breath as she moved to the rack of house balls and picked out one that fit her hand and was n't so heavy she 'd lose control and toss the thing behind her .
he 'd noticed her finely polished nails the night before as she picked up the bowling ball and rolled the thing down the lane .
damn it ... need to fix this thing .
damn thing cost more per night than a month in her college dorm .
the whiskey was the only thing walt identified before emptying the glass .
walt left her bedside for nearly an hour before he returned to remove the stupid thing in her nose .
` ` it 's a terrible idea when sis has just the thing , '' louise said .
mary donned a white doily thing that looked like part of a french waitress fantasy for men .
how the hell did the thing actually fly ?
` ` you ca n't fly this thing on your own ? ''
` ` shandee assured me the only thing under the debris was a storage room . ''
crazy how such a small thing lit a room .
` ` she 's a sassy thing . ''
` ` remind me to kick your ass when i get this thing off . ''
i ca n't fly this thing . ''
all that silly crying on the airplane wore the poor thing out .
` ` who else has worn that thing ? ''
` ` yeah , shiny thing i put on your finger before i ask .
he 'd search out the perfect ring first thing in the morning .
` ` i ' m not getting in that thing .
if you 're against costume jewelry , mitch over in fine jewelry has the real thing .
i ' m telling you , the guy bought the dress for someone and then never picked the thing up . ''
but the fact he saw through her messy state first thing in the morning was a huge plus .
jessie had made monica promise not to buy her a thing and to spend anything she wanted on her son .
danny shook the thing for dear life .
the damn thing was probably sitting in her purse , purposely turned off .
holding the damn thing took too much energy and the end - result was anticlimactic and messy .
` ` that thing work ? ''
` ` you mean the plastic thing that goes over ... well , you know . ''
she did n't even know what the thing was made of .
i wore the darn thing all the time .
` ` i know all the materials used to make the thing are virtually useless .
while she slept i put it in her hand , and the thing lit up like a goddamn star .
i 'll make this damn thing work if only to wring his f**king neck .
maybe you could give me a name of someone who can create such a thing . ''
now our time is running out and i need to know how this thing works . ''
i do n't have a death - wish or anything , but unless you can use this thing as a laser pointer to philip 's brother , you do n't have a choice but to take me with you . ''
maybe slender was quite the in thing during the sixteenth century .
you ' ve watched your mom working on that thing for years .
she did n't know how long their connection would last and did n't want them all looking at the same thing .
` ` i 'll call first thing in the morning .
a large , dark - skinned woman shuffled her way into myra 's room first thing in the morning .
what does he wear under that thing anyway ?
at first , he could hardly hold a sword in one hand , let alone use the thing .
i wo n't have my son living life thinking women are the weaker sex just because we do n't have that thing dangling between our legs . ''
a small dagger on his bedside table was the only thing available .
the thing was so large , it could have held seven others .
she agreed to leave first thing in the morning with the contingency that if things got crazy that night they would go after dinner .
` ` the chain thing you wear helped keep this from being worse , even if it contributed to a bit of the damage . ''
` ` how do i get up on this thing ? ''
it was loaded with everything from medication , to seeds for every plant available , and books about how things are made in the future .
i rolled into the ditch and did n't break a thing .
and he is messing with the little black thing in his hands .
it 's a heavy thing to shoulder , but if finn can carry his cross , i can certainly carry mine .
the thing you rent , it has a shower and a bedroom , usually ? ''
i have to laugh , but i do n't want to explain how my father is sliding , how we 're out of every imaginable thing in my house .
` ` do you have sunscreen in that thing ? ''
so when he walks through it , he 's the sanest thing in the room , aside from me .
i look around , hunting for a feasible answer , but the quiet forest does n't give me a thing .
` ` you have n't taken that thing off since you got it , because mom liked the idea that you 're protected when you wear it . ''
` ` what is a pretty thing like you doing out in the dark alone ? ''
a pretty thing like you should n't be out and about on your own right now .
with each thing that i place on the pile , i feel my heart breaking just a little bit more .
` ` i ' m not using that thing . ''
because i have this thing ... '' he shrugs .
jeans and t - shirts were n't the thing here .
this type of elaborate ruse was just the sort of thing voss reveled in .
maia said , leaning forward to latch the half - open thing .
the poor thing had been left in the country for the past seven years with hardly a visit or communique from her elder brother .
between the several inches of added height , and the mask , along with the fact that dark horsehair curls had been interwoven with her chestnut hair , it was impossible that she would be recognized ; especially since no one would expect prim maia woodmore to wear such a thing .
although whatever she 'd donned would be an improvement over the transparent pink thing she 'd been wearing earlier .
and twice , the poor thing had awakened from nightmares .
but he dared not chance leaving them unattended in the carriage , and so he climbed into the blasted thing .
he 'd pull her down to the ground and use his weight to hold her until he could slam the thing into her black heart .
it never ceased to amuse her that , despite them being armed with the one thing in the world that could weaken her , there needed to be two strong , burly dracule who escorted her back to her chamber .
he used his sword to slice down blindly and cut the bloody thing from his waist , taking a chunk of clothing and skin with it .
` ` look , just put that thing down- a small smile twisted her lips .
ben set it up three times because the damn thing kept falling over .
the tree was still sagging , but now it was also covered in dozens of ornaments and sparkling lights , and the thing just glowed .
` ` you know how to hot - wire this thing ? ''
her sweaty hands could n't lift the thing up .
she could n't get the thing to budge .
so fast she thought the thing would rip out of her chest .
` ` now i do n't see a f**kin ' thing , '' came another voice .
the thing was so flimsy that he doubted it would keep anyone out .
heather should really try playing this thing cooler .
the damn thing did n't open .
he forced marna to sit in the wobbly chair - the thing always wobbled and irritated the suspects , a nice bonus , usually .
he had n't kicked it in the way tanner had done upstairs ; instead , sam had pulverized the thing .
she just said , ` ` then i ' m gon na rig this thing because we do n't have time to waste .
i 'll get my men to change the locks here first thing .
he just cleared that thing in an instant .
gwen climbed right over the thing .
` ` do n't point that damn thing at me or her again . ''
she 'd taken a motion sickness pill a few minutes ago , but she did n't know how long it would be before the thing kicked in .
probably because they realized solitary was n't doing a damn thing to him .
the collar on his neck burned because the damn thing was still pumping silver into him .
he grabbed for the cell door , and he yanked the thing right off its hinges .
someone would have to look very closely to be able to see that he 'd moved the thing .
should have been in a big bed with f**king rose petals or some damn thing like that spread around her .
she had that motorcycle roaring to life two seconds later and she wobbled on the thing as she tried to steady it and get away .
probably a bar , and from the sound of things , the place was n't too far away .
they were so close , but how was connor supposed to drive that thing ?
it 's such a handy thing you 're good at kicking ass . ''
he treated her like a woman and not some broken thing .
then she scooped up a clipboard and pretty much buried her nose in the thing .
` ` why wo n't the damn thing open ? ''
the man sure was a delicious site to see first thing in the evening .
` ` they said i had to go out in this thing . ''
trace would n't have been able to do damn thing to save her .
the damn thing sprang forward , so eager for her that moisture already beaded the tip .
so tightly that she was afraid she might just shatter the thing .
` ` not with this thing .
on the fourth try , the thing finally sputtered to life .
she still had on a bra , a black , lacy thing that pushed up her br**sts .
he 'd been so intent on getting in jasmine that he had n't exactly been paying much attention to the thing .
i found it when i was six and ... when i was fifteen , it was the only thing i took with me when i left her . ''
tried to floor the suv , but that was then the thing died on him .
just play the damn thing . ''
the door was shut - not fully , because the lock had been smashed , but someone had tried to close the thing .
` ` saxon ... '' ` ` i do n't have this thing down yet , okay ?
saxon had to loosen his hold on the phone because he was close to splintering the thing .
` ` in case there 's a fail - safe on the thing . ''
he 's wearing his cooking uniform : black and white checkered pants and a white t - shirt , the entire thing covered in a white jacket .
i reach out and grab the closest thing i can find as bright specks of light swim before my eyes .
something goes around my neck and does n't quite choke me , but it 's not the most comfortable thing i ' ve ever worn .
he sent me the mp3 of it last night and i listened to the whole thing .
she fills the vase with water and moves around the kitchen getting the things she 'll need for the flowers , pretending she does n't notice his intense gaze and the unspoken words behind his big smile .
` ` you listen to me , you stubborn little thing ... you ca n't tell me what i think about you , okay ?
` ` see , this thing here is called a roller bar .
she stares at the thing in his hand for what feels like a long time before she answers .
wrapping his hand with an old work rag , he punches out a pane of glass on the back door and has the thing unlocked in less than a minute .
` ` someone should just burn the whole thing down , '' says helen , walking into the living room .
` ` and if you want it to go back , you push that thing there . ''
you ca n't help but snuggle that thing every time you touch it .
` ` i really hated that thing .
this thing is as sharp as a razor . ''
candi grabbed the dirty sock they 'd taken off one of the guy 's feet and stuffed the whole thing into his mouth , using a bit of extra lamp cord to tie it in place around the back of his head .
` ` assuming someone knows how to use the thing , '' said sarah , the wind out the window taking away some of the volume from her words .
park over there , in front of that shed thing .
` ` damn , that thing 's heavier than it looks .
` ` does that thing even work ? ''
but his plans were foiled when her weight hit the mattress and the whole thing collapsed , a big poof of dust flying up into the air to surround her .
after digging around in the trunk , she was halfway from the car to the cabin with two small things in her hands when she heard the guys yelling back in the trees .
we should bury the damn thing . ''
jonathan 's scooter was one thing , but a real motorcycle that could go fast enough to be on the highway ?
but i ' m more worried about being killed by a crazy russian mafia assassin , so i 'll just pick the less dangerous thing . ''
this thing has to be gone , like , today or my old lady 's gon na make me sleep in the garage . ''
do this , '' she chanted to herself , now seeing the bike as a living breathing thing ... challenging her to try and take it under her control .
` ` the little chip thing under the battery .
jonathan got up and went to the drawer , taking out the only thing linking them to the outside world .
he yanked and pulled and twisted all over the place until he got it free , not giving up until the stupid thing was sitting at sarah 's feet .
` ` why are we going all spy novel on this thing ? ''
` ` where is that friggin thing ? ''
she watched him move back and forth , grabbing things from different places .
` ` where is that thing ?
she turned back to watch as sarah took the leopard print thing , which turned out to be a very thin mini dress made out of something shiny , and slipped it on over her head .
` ` does this thing have an engine ? ''
` ` okay , i ' m going to hold onto this cover thing .
it was weird seeing such a big thing looking so ... well ... wrong .
` ` would you get rid of that thing ? ! ''
` ` that black thing is a flint , for starting fires .
sheez , how was i supposed to know jonathan was going to let the thing go like that ? ''
you have this purple fuzzy sweater thing you wear sometimes ... ` ` his eyes went off into the distance as if recalling a particularly fond memory .
the whole thing looks the same .
sarah was slowly walking around , envisioning how to arrange their things in the tree roots so that they could maximize the space and be comfortable .
the girls , in their explorations for cloth and other items that could be used to make things for the treehouse , found a group of plants in the jungle that came from what jonathan thought might be hemp .
i saw some berry looking things in the trees that might be good , but i 'd be afraid to try them . ''
` ` i do n't know about running water , but we could probably rig some sort of water in a pulley system kind of thing , '' suggested jonathan .
` ` i can make a shell shakey thing with little shells and coconuts tied together , '' said sarah gamely .
the tree she was standing next to had several of the same things still attached to its branches .
and we 'd need lots of both dry and damp wood , and things that smoke a lot when they burn . ''
i just washed this thing two days ago , so if you use the corner of it , i ' m sure it 'll be fine . ''
` ` well , i thought about stealing the boat , but then i realized : one , we do n't know how to drive a boat ; and two , even if we could drive it , we have no idea where we are , so we wo n't know where to point the damn thing .
where is the friggin ' power on this thing ?
his eyes were scanning the console when he noticed a white and fluorescent orange , miniature buoy - looking thing hanging from the console ; attached to it was a key that was sitting in a keyhole .
we need to tie this thing closed . ''
i should have thrown that thing overboard with the radio . ''
` ` hold on , guys - i ' m going to push this thing as fast as it will go ! ''
` ` ca n't this thing go any faster ? ''
i ' m really beginning to hate that thing .
my prayer that the thing will slide out from under him goes unanswered .
i need a priest or something to confess to , but ian is the only thing i have at hand .
` ` that thing actually works ? ''
` ` this thing is fugly .
i ask , pointing to the smaller thing .
the cow stands when i think it could n't be possible because she has this giant thing hanging out of the back end of her , and then this big blob just slides out .
` ` here , '' ian says , bumping me on the arm with a big white plastic thing that has a giant brown nipple on it .
i have a lot of memories wearing this thing .
` ` that 's what you were doing before you pulled that thing out . ''
that thing saved our lives today .
after crumpling the entire thing up into a ball , she throws it on the counter , covering half of boog 's plate .
she glares at me as she bounces the baby , trying to get the little thing to close her eyes again .
as soon as i ' ve got sarah imprinting on me , i ' m going to google that baby blues thing and get you all fixed up . ''
i spend the rest of the drive pointing out exits or places of interest , things i want him to see before he leaves .
` ` god , all i had was a stupid salad and i feel like i ' m going to bust a seam on this thing . ''
that 's some kind of magic , the way he somehow fits that thing into those pants .
i was about to give her a serious guilt trip , even though it was pretty much my fault for leaving the stupid thing on the back of the toilet , but the reception guy came back on the line so i just frowned at her sternly and waved her away .
i 'd stared down at the thing in my hand , its ridiculous blue and purple hair sticking out in all directions , and almost shut it up in my desk when she turned around .
i arched my arm back , ready to launch the little traitor out into the dust , but at the last minute i held back , thinking about how ruby had looked up to the heavens when talking about the damn thing .
what 's that thing in her hand ? ''
lots of branches and things for them to catch on , and then we get maggot problems .
i grabbed for the curtain when he pulled out and came back inside , and managed to yank the whole thing down on top of our shoulders .
when are you going to throw that thing in the shredder and get on with your real life ?
come on in with me and we 'll grab a few things before we head on over to the party supply place . ''
` ` i think when i finally get off this thing , i ' m going to kill you .
reaching behind me , i unclasped the only thing keeping my naked br**sts from being exposed to the whole world .
i tried to use pure brain power to tip the thing out of her hand and onto her head , but apparently i have zero psychic connections because nothing happened .
it was bitter , i remember that , but charlie told me i had to drink the whole thing or the toast would n't come true .
i do n't say out loud what i ' m thinking , that the dang thing almost made me pee .
i ' m impressed at the shape the thing is in .
she tries to smile but it quickly disintegrates into more crying and her face scrunching up into the saddest thing i think i ' ve ever seen .
i sigh , knowing i either need to slink around in the shadows or just own this thing .
thank god i never figured out how to put it in my speed dial and memorized the damn thing .
some idiot put the damn thing on backwards .
` ` i ' m going to burn this thing as soon as i have my own clothes back . ''
i want to punch something but the only thing available is air .
fumbling around , i get the thing to turn in my direction , but then it snaps off in my hand .
i make sure to stay back a little , just in case the thing comes crashing down .
i have no idea what could possibly be inside this thing , but it could very well be the last words my father will ever share with me .
` ` so i just lay this thing in here and mud the shit out of it , and that 'll fix it ? ''
shuffling through all the other stuff , i realize there 's nothing in this damn thing but the customer 's last name and some prices and receipts .
i grimace , imagining that thing touching my body .
i could get trapped and then i 'd have to break the thing down to free myself .
and i ' ve been to a lot of places and seen a lot of things . ''
` ` god , why do you have that thing hanging in here ? ''
` ` i got the futon from a guy i went to school with and he 's a total d - bag chick - user , so i just assumed that the thing has all kinds of ... you know ... residue from his life on it . ''
i know it pissed me off that my father sent it to me in the first place , but it 's the only thing i have left of him ; and now the damn thing is broken .
if it had a lock , i 'd engage the damn thing , but it does n't .
` ` great , '' i say , shoving the thing into my mouth .
i knew i should have put that thing on ebay . ''
the thing 's so dirty you ca n't even see through the plastic window the tape sits in .
the damn thing would n't give .
and found the damn thing locked .
` ` instead of pointing that thing at me , you should be saying thanks .
` ` is there a way to get sound on that thing ? ''
she was the only thing he could see in that growing darkness .
the stake was slippery in her sweaty hand , but she was n't about to let that thing go .
why give them any f**king thing at all ?
like the thing had n't already been straight .
the thing that wyatt took .
the damnedest thing he 'd ever seen .
the thing looked like what she 'd seen inside a crematorium once .
and from the sound of things , they were tearing down the place .
you 'd better- '' the damn thing disconnected .
you know , that thing that opens . ''
it was the weirdest damn thing he 'd ever seen .
the tox screen was due in first thing this morning .
` ` it 's not like i can scan the thing and get fingerprints . ''
cara was damn well the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen , but that still did n't mean- ` ` i ' ve been doing research on succubi , '' colin said , eyes hard and intent on todd .
knew what she looked like first thing in the morning when the sunlight trickled through her blinds .
darla 's story would n't have done a damn thing to my career because the story would never have run .
being accused of ripping out a reporter 's throat first thing in the morning had sure screwed up her mood .
no , he yanked down that closet 's door ; the old thing just literally fell off its hinges .
he had to get it out , but every time he tried to get a hold on the thing , he just made the wound bigger .
the weapon was the only thing she had .
his legs would dangle over the end of that thing .
his legs dangled off the end of that thing .
i thought you might need me so i grabbed the first thing i saw . ''
no , the damn thing seemed to break in his chest .
the thing could explode when the ignition turned , the same way it had with dylan 's car .
he 'd just yanked that thing right out of his ankle holster , and he had it aimed at the door .
rachel got the sizes for gabrielle 's clothes and she promised to be back first thing in the morning with the items .
now that i ' m not delirious from pain , i bet i can find something here to get that thing off you . ''
if it had n't been unlocked , he probably would have broken the damn thing down .
he tossed the thing across the room .
and if the man was armed with just that rifle , he would n't be able to aim that thing well as he ran down the stairs .
as far as juliana knew , the only thing her father had ever kept in that bedside safe was a gun .
people were dying outside because of this tiny thing .
his c**k was so heavy and hard that the damn thing ached .
the last damn thing at night .
not like the thing had been in mint condition before her flames got to it .
she wanted that damn thing off .
no , she slammed the damn thing hard enough to make the framed commendations on harold 's wall shake .
cut the thing off .
she 'd begged him to put the thing up before vince arrived .
her dad never loaded the thing so it had n't done him a bit of good .
not like he wanted to hide the thing anyway .
at least she did n't have to worry about digging the thing out .
` ` i 'd been to so many places , seen things people wanted to pretend did n't exist .
the only thing that separated the two of them was nina 's small line of flames .
of course , the cops had n't seen a thing .
i see the thing every day .
she yanked , but the thing would n't open .
jude sat at his desk , eyes on the computer screen before him , but not really seeing the damned thing .
no , no , she did n't want that ass**le to see a thing .
erin had called to check on him first thing that morning , but there had been no improvement .
` ` you did n't do a damn thing to help my girl !
too much paperwork on her desk and the thing did n't look sturdy enough .
ruined every f**king thing .
she grabbed his jaw and had to pry the thing loose with hands that shook .
the damn thing is still twitching .
` ` you 're a pretty little thing , are n't you ?
the damn thing did n't budge .
the cell phone would have been the first thing cadence reached for .
it was n't a f**king good sign the thing had been locked .
` ` we 'll get you to your mother , but christa , we 're going to need you to talk with some cops first thing in the morning .
i 'll do any damn thing necessary to make sure you 're never in his sights again . ''
the damn thing was still half erect , and growing more so by the moment .
he 'd called kyle down first thing , all so he could get attention .
i did n't want that damn thing anywhere near me . ''
i was with her , we were heading to a party and she pulled out the box , and the freakin ' thing was there . ''
screw that thing .
he 'd filled the thing up a day ago , so it should have been able to go for miles .
i was just trying to get things in place ... '' ` ` in place ? ''
` ` load the damn thing , kat - katherine .
the techs had n't thought to check the security box - hell , it was the one thing most folks would assume was safe .
` ` he 's timing this thing , working it so that- '' ` ` wh - where 's ...
` ` ca n't you drive this damn thing faster ? ''
` ` i ' m not getting a damn thing from that will . ''
because he had n't done a damn thing wrong .
the damn thing was n't opening .
he 'd grabbed it and sent the thing slamming into the fragile balcony door .
he 'd bought the damn thing online .
that cold air whispering over your skin when you could n't do a thing to stop it .
` ` he set the whole damn thing up , '' kenton said , voice low .
` ` and he came in knowing that he did n't have to bring a damn thing to start the job . ''
one of the uniforms sat by the phone line , almost on top of the thing .
a real strong fist must be hitting that thing .
shit , the freaking thing had made her jump .
yanked the batteries out and threw the damn thing across the floor .
no echoes , no triangulation ... the damn thing is gone . ''
she should have gotten the thing removed years before .
` ` i thought the damn thing worked even if the phone was off ! ''
maybe she could pry the damn thing loose .
the last time she 'd seen a phone in a car , the thing had been huge - and in some black bag that plugged into the cigarette lighter .
his c**k hardened even more - and the damn thing had already been swollen with need .
what was left of the damn thing .
you can hunt , you can kill ... and i wo n't do a damn thing to stop you . ''
` ` and when he punched me in the face after he came home drunk one night , my tooth was n't the only thing to fall out .
i got access to it from a source - she stole the whole damn thing .
` ` i did n't read the entire thing , '' she offers .
the sharpest thing in my room is the plastic spoon that came with my breakfast .
we plan to leave first thing in the morning .
it 's the closest thing you 'll ever get to a diamond from him .
one crack , like that picture , can shatter the whole thing .
poor thing really should have tried to keep up with her soccer regimen .
here 's the thing , tess .
damn thing kept ringing , too .
i 'd been meaning to update that thing ever since mary rudick tried to steal my boyfriend .
the gym had n't been handicapped accessible , but thanks to leona 's father , a lawyer , they 'd remodeled the entire thing .
just the sort of thing to cheer him up .
she was petrified , poor thing .
poor thing had n't even had the strength to fix her hair today .
she sounded so guilty , poor thing .
` ` even though you 're dressed like a bank robber , you 're still the cutest thing i ' ve seen all day . ''
` ` stop harassing that poor thing and let her come inside . ''
` ` well ... are you going to move this ... thing ? ''
` ` then why not just use an suv or something instead of that big hulking thing ? ''
he had n't bought her flowers or chocolates - things she could have rolled her eyes at , considering how little thought and creativity would have gone into the gifts on his part .
she loved how the outer edges , running from her hips to just over mid - thigh , looked to be laced up - as if just a tug would have the whole thing on the floor .
finally outside , she dimly noted that fire extinguishers were blasting the flames - things that were kept inside the caves in case of forest fires .
` ` what possessed you to call that ugly freaking thing hunk ? ''
he hated the idea of her driving that rusty old thing .
` ` did n't i tell you not to drive that thing ? ''
he also knew that if that prick 's hand crept any nearer to her breast , he 'd snap the damn thing off .
but see , here 's the thing .
` ` answer the freaking thing before i smash it .
she had just given him an indulgent , ` ` sure thing '' smile and then bought what she wanted anyway .
he could never find a damn thing in that room among all that clutter .
like with the nick thing .
there was only one thing for it .
the freaking thing looked more like a giant cushion .
almost yanking the damn thing off , he opened it to find taryn and tao practically stumbling up the stairs as they laughed so hard at something they were keeled over .
` ` it 's a wonder that thing even fits inside me . ''
in reality , she was just a tiny little thing .
` ` there 's no way i ' m letting you go on that thing either , '' trey told taryn .
` ` do n't get me wrong , i already know i can hang on longest , i just want to watch you ride that thing . ''
` ` you were awesome on that thing , '' dante told her as she past .
it looks like there 's only one screw holding the damn thing together . ''
if the ride did n't kill her , he would just for staying on the damn thing when her tiny body could easily slip out .
` ` i am loving that thing she 's wearing , '' remarked dominic .
` ` this thing has been around for centuries .
i noticed that salem followed the cute little thing with his eyes as she moved .
jared was just a thing for her to use and manipulate .
without giving me a chance to answer , he tackled the zipper and pulled out the weirdest thing i 'd ever seen .
it was almost frightening that she knew every little thing i liked , knew exactly what buttons to push and just where all those buttons were .
sebastian sighed as he leant against the refrigerator , then he cast a look at the faded , slightly rusty thing and moved away from it as though it might stain his suit .
holding her securely with one arm , i used my free hand to pluck the little thing out from between her br**sts .
the entire thing cracked and fragmented .
if i could launch this thing at him , i just knew something big would happen .
i could see the light blue glow coming from the weapon , telling me that the thing was going to light up like a christmas tree if he got mad or felt threatened .
i took a couple steps back , begging tim to leave the thing alone .
i had no idea how fast this thing moved , but arrows to the eyeball , neck and chest were n't stopping him so i had to assume he could move fast enough to make that a bad plan .
the first thing i noticed was the color of the thing inside .
i am not wearing that thing ! ''
i snatched the thing away from felicia and rolled it up in a messy ball and threw it on the chair .
` ` thanks , '' i said , nervously , realizing i had to wear this thing soon in front of a few hundred fae , some of whom would be seeing me for the first time , having just arrived from different parts of north america and europe .
unless , of course , he has that ... thing you have . ''
the only thing we have left is brute force .
` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ; pixie wings , green and sparkly things , oh my lovely green things . ''
` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ; pixie wings , green and sparkly things , oh my lovely green things . ''
` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ; pixie wings , green and sparkly things , oh my lovely green things . ''
` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ; pixie wings , green and sparkly things , oh my lovely green things . ''
` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ; pixie wings , green and sparkly things , oh my lovely green things . ''
last time he lost a wing , when he voluntarily gave it up to save chase , he was in serious pain for a couple days and it took a month for the thing to grow back .
i glanced at tony in my mirror to see that he was wearing the same thing as me .
no way was i letting him put that thing near tim 's forehead .
get that thing any higher and i ' m gon na bust your ugly ass ! ''
` ` there 's this glass tubey thing in here with the pixie 's blood in it .
it had two toilets and two sinks , plus a small metal boxy thing in the corner .
` ` a heater thing .
hopefully the thing that broke would n't be me .
i 'd seen him in action before , so i knew if someone appeared around a corner , he 'd have that thing flying in no time at all .
there was also a scale of justice looking thing , a magnifying glass , and a few other odds and ends i could n't identify .
i dropped the makeup and put my hand around the thing i had felt and pulled it out .
my green glowy thing must have temporarily blinded them or something .
i wondered why i had n't seen the damn thing in all the other trips i 'd made this way .
everyone picked a different weapon and i was the last one to pick and this stick was the only thing left on the table . ''
to explain what you hold in your hand - a thing i wish you would stop waving around so carelessly like that - i must tell you about some ancient fae . ''
` ` blessed mother earth , moon and sky , would you please put that thing down ! ''
` ` seriously gregale , what is the big deal with this thing ?
i walked over to the dresser and picked up the silver art thing sitting there .
the entire thing was sooty black and had a metal ring - type handle at the top .
i snuck a look back at the witch ; she was busy adding things from the jars to the crow in the pot , all while singing about adding something green , whatever that meant .
he pressed play and then sat down on the edge of his bed , holding something in his hand - the thing he had been looking for and then found buried under the crap on his desk .
she cackled and started hobbling away , chanting to herself in her scratchy voice , ` ` green things , green things , beautiful lovely green things ... ` ` she soon disappeared into the trees at the edge of the meadow .
i do n't even know what he kept inside the damn thing , it was so small .
` ` um , tony , i do n't really know what the hell is going on right now , but you need to put that thing away ... like now ! ''
i do n't want anyone finding me out here with this thing . ''
` ` okay , yeah , that thing , that thing that happens to be a gun .
` ` okay , yeah , that thing , that thing that happens to be a gun .
` ` anyway , you need to get rid of that thing .
` ` it smells pretty bad and it 's not the cleanest thing in the world , but it 's better than going in the street . ''
holy batballs ... what died in this thing ? ''
` ` i think jared is a tree - hugger or something so that 's why he does n't litter , and so you know , i brought two ultra - thin sleeping bags from my dad 's camping stuff - if you want , we can just grab a cardboard thing for insulation and sleep in the bags on top . ''
we have to figure out how to turn this thing off . ''
` ` this one eleven group must have a lot of money to be able to afford to fly this thing . ''
i hoped he knew how to use that thing - i ' m afraid i 'd shoot my own foot if i had to try to work it .
i never thought he 'd actually use the stupid thing .
tony straightened up , looking at me and then back at our visitor - our two - foot - tall visitor with bubbly , lumpy looking skin , wearing a plaid kilt - looking thing and brown moccasins .
oh please , god , let that thing be wearing underwear under that kilt .
i was n't sure whether the thing was a male or female , even with the skirt , since it could possibly be a kilt - was all smiles now .
damn how i wished that vibe reader thing tony possessed were a two - way connection .
all the tree love had left me and now i was just feeling cold and alone - very alone , in a big place , that had mean little bastards with bad attitudes running all around us carrying deadly sharp things .
i had my knife but i do n't think i even got a single nick on the thing . ''
i ' m getting pretty good with this thing .
i could n't do it - i could n't work the damn thing . ''
surely this thing had seen some crazy shit .
` ` lissa says that those controllers even convinced that young surnathan 's mother to shoot one of those things into his neck and then ordered him to kill all those workers at the electronics plant . ''
and i always got to see the latest thing that jayd and glinda bought for them to wear or the music they listened to or the way they wanted their rooms decorated . ''
if reldill had relied on power instead of his skill with the weapon , she might have taken a mortal blow from that stupid thing .
i need to pick up a couple of things and get the fresh gishi fruit from edward , but that 's it . ''
` ` then , add a sprig of mint , dip a generous scoop of ice cream and drop it at the bottom of the cake , and sprinkle the entire thing with gold flakes . ''
if perdil had been the one to shoot that foul and cursed thing into his neck , the dwarf would be dead already .
i guess it was a good thing that we 'd gotten a swimsuit that would cover garwin wyatt when we 'd been out shopping for baby things .
i wore a black beaded gown that was nearly backless , boasting only a few narrow straps to hold the thing on ; my hair was piled on my head and fastened with jeweled combs and my nails would make any wealthy woman proud .
the thing floated in midair and went right back together , as it should be .
the dessert was beautiful and the couple ate the whole thing , so it must have been good . ''
she said they planted the thing in the back of her neck after rjjn fiddled with his comp - vid .
wished more than once that he 'd removed the damn thing himself .
water was the only thing wyatt would allow me to drink .
this had no such thing .
reah , i kept some of your things - they bear your scent and i could n't part with them - chash .
` ` i do know you 're the prettiest thing i ' ve seen in a long time and the boss will kill me if i lay a hand on you other than to treat your wounds . ''
` ` the grenade was the only thing we had to penetrate his shields , my friend .
` ` you know , '' i said , pointing my fork at him , ` ` i ended up on a non - alliance planet once because the master cook for the governor of the realm was so jealous of me he locked me in an escape pod during a drill and reprogrammed the thing .
` ` how many pockets does that thing have ? ''
` ` little squirrel , start drinking that thing for em - pah .
teeg had selected a high - waisted dress for me ; farzi and nenzi had gotten me into the deep blue , long - sleeved thing and then slipped low - heeled shoes on my feet .
he knows how to build this thing from the ground up .
the whole thing went to steam before the heat abated .
of course , nobody had factored in powerful warlocks when the thing had been designed .
you are my thing !
the feathery thing has me intrigued .
i put the thing in my back pocket , hating it already .
in front of me is a panel of dials and levers and a big stick thing .
tentatively , i grasp it and feel the pitch and yaw of what i assume are rudders and paddles or whatever keeps this thing in the air .
we 'll go to your place , pick up your things , and you can stay with me until we ' ve tracked her down . ''
get him to clear his desk immediately , or i will liquidate this company first thing in the morning .
i hold up the silver bullet thing .
from : anastasia grey subject : here 's the thing ...
this is the cheapest thing in the garage . ''
` ` sure thing , that will help me fit in real nicely . ''
he tossed it in the trash and told me to get rid of it first thing in the morning .
it was the cutest thing i 'd ever seen , and i just wanted to grab her and make love to her right here on the back porch .
` ` reed , just tell me that this thing is loaded because i ' m going to kill both those motherfuckers . ''
the damn thing did n't even move .
the damn thing had fresh batteries in it , and i was so worked up that a stick would probably make me come fast .
i could n't even think about putting a thing into my stomach .
i 'd been lucky enough that a bridal store in tahoe had the damn thing , and i 'd gotten even luckier that they had it in my size .
your nipples are showing through that thing . ''
i still did n't see how he could put his clothes in that thing .
the whole thing is insulated , and we have it ready to add air and heat . ''
the damn thing swallowed him up , and he looked so delicate .
i need to take this massive thing off .
that thing must have cost him a fortune . ''
` ` oh , i took it off yesterday after courtney asked if i wanted to help her plant some things in the garden . ''
i 'll come out first thing in the morning and see how you did . ''
my t - shirt fell to the middle of her thighs - it had to be the hottest damn thing i 'd ever seen .
so many memories in that damn thing .
walker handed me the bag and placed the black raft - looking thing on the floor .
when he began to unfold the black thing , i saw that it was a blow up mattress .
she held out her hand , almost like she wanted me to kiss the damn thing .
i think i just had a mini orgasm at the idea of being on that thing with him .
i just sprained the damn thing . ''
i 'll leave first thing in the morning .
i nodded and said , ` ` you want to go back to my place and pack up a few things and go camping for a few days ? ''
to see your beautiful face first thing every morning i imagine would be some of the most beautiful moments of my life .
i do n't know why they made this damn thing so high . ''
the fact that i could see her legs through the damn thing was bad enough , but i had to threaten my own cousin 's life for looking at them too long .
when you get older , we 'll make those silly little leaf collection things . ''
the only thing he 'd kept on was his tie .
of course the big fabric thing had to go in first , but not until monica wiped it down with antibacterial wipes .
` ` yes , the damn thing was ordered weeks ago . ''
pain or no pain , i ' m going to be the one holding that thing when she comes .
it 's a four - by - four , and the only thing that will get us to the hospital . ''
the bastard knew franklin 's was my favorite , except if you did n't get there first thing in the morning you were out of luck .
poor thing was exhausted .
damn thing is steeper than it looks . ''
the only thing i was wearing now was an ivory lace push - up bra .
` ` you know , i would n't trade any of it , not a damn thing . ''
i mean , we could come first thing in the morning . ''
because if you keep doing shit like that , the only thing i ' m going to take off is your panties before i bury myself deep inside you . ''
i knew there was n't a damn thing we would n't do for each other .
i take it she likes that thing ? ''
i stopped and ripped the damn thing open .
` ` oh , you poor thing , emma rose .
emma has told me about the nastiness y' all do on that thing . ''
i ' m going to rip this thing off my eyes if you do n't talk to me . ''
i was going to have garrett go to the jeweler first thing in the morning to have the charm added to my bracelet .
mommy and daddy will be over first thing in the morning to pick you up . ''
not a thing out of place .
there 'd be no hiding a tabloid magazine i was n't supposed to be reading under this thing , then , huh ?
i threw the jewelry box with the necklace in it at him , and he blinked in surprise before somehow managing to catch the damn thing .
i would n't let him take no for an answer , and now that boy is the closest thing i have to a grandson and i ' m the closest thing he has to a grandmother . ''
i 'd spent the last twenty - five minutes fiddling around with the digital computer screen on the damn thing , trying to work out why on earth it would n't print .
and then you walk in , spend two seconds with the thing , and just fix it .
` ` i was wondering if you were ever going to look up from that thing . ''
` ` take that fucking thing off !
take that fucking thing off , '' he shouted .
` ` a metal thing women use in their hair sometimes , '' raven answered before forcing herself to continue .
maybe you should go up to seattle and bring the cats to a shelter , and you can leave first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` we 'll get the felines settled , and you can come here and get out of town first thing in the morning . ''
alice quickly uses the desktop publishing function to make up a flyer , and i take the thing back to meg 's printer to print out a test copy .
she runs her hands over it , impressed , and i wonder if she resents that the garcias have provided me another thing that she ca n't .
` ` i would n't mind a piece of that thing . ''
he opens another document , this one a sort of checklist , the kind of thing you 'd get in a class .
she had that thing .
` ` we 'll show it to the police first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you order the same thing every time . ''
as he walked out the door , i grabbed the closest thing to me - a frame - and out of pure frustration , i chucked it at the door .
it was the only thing i had brought from the chicago office .
` ` we have a squad meeting first thing in the a.m. '' she pondered that for a moment .
` ` what do you have in this thing ? ''
i felt weird about handing jim those towels , mostly because it was the last thing thomas and i had each worn before having the best sex of my life , but i did n't want to argue or explain , so i handed them over .
the , uh ... the thing , '' i said .
she 'd thrown it on last night because it was the closest thing at hand , and she 'd been too sleepy that morning to think about what she was wearing .
okay , so he 'd won some points dropping by her house first thing in the morning , ari thought , leaning against her front door , but it still did n't stop her from feeling confused and hurt .
his reddish - purple mushroom - headed hard - on was so big , i instantly wondered how this thing was going to eventually fit inside me .
his jaw was taut and his hand clenched his beer bottle so tight , it was a wonder the thing did n't shatter .
there is such a thing as a record button , you know . ''
my parents heard me yelling and breaking things and by the time they got to my room , i 'd trashed the place and i 'd cut my hands on the picture frame glass . ''
` ` a wee thing , row would say . ''
i 'd packed up the things he 'd left at my place and had nish return them to him .
i woke up and she 'd fucking packed every fucking thing she owned and fucked off with that fucking malaysian dude she met a month ago !
i 'd been staring at the damn thing on and off for the last twenty - four hours .
the truth was i was nervous about the tattoo - not so much about the pain , because as cole had told me many times since deciding to get the darn thing , everyone had different experiences and pain levels with tattoos .
you 'll ruin the fucking thing . ''
` ` you should be on the back when i get this thing out in the open and really crank up the speed . ''
i 'd bought the thing two years ago on a whim while shopping with val .
you know , being cute , and instead of wearing the clover necklace , i put on this silver chain thing because it matched the dress . ''
` ` i really do n't like that thing . ''
` ` i knew this thing sounded bad , '' she muttered , staring bleakly at the instrument panel .
` ` this is just a little thing i threw together .
sure , the stuff you could score around here was n't as lethal as panama 's never - ending supply of drugs , but debauchery was one thing you could always count on , no matter the region , and it was easy enough finding dealers and shady doctors to give him the stimulants he used during the day and the more euphoric things he used to unwind .
that 's the thing that 's in your hand . ''
this thing 'll be cracked .
such a small , subtle touch , but it was exactly the kind of thing prtorians lacked .
it was composed of a large piece of stone resting on two others , and she hit it in just the right way to make the whole thing topple over .
when you compare theirs to the real thing , it 's obvious theirs has been altered .
the entire thing had been carved out of golden oak and polished to brilliance .
i 'd once heard her go off on ` ` the ridiculous things people name their children these days , '' so i think she was relieved i had n't made up some weird monstrosity for them .
that thing will feed them for weeks . ''
the crazy thing was , i do n't even like plums , but in that moment , they were the most delicious things i 'd ever tasted .
this thing 's going to be a bitch to crack . ''
it was a delicate little thing , tiny gold roses and emeralds .
it was a big , wicked - looking thing , the kind you used for medical injections .
and if i ' ve learned one thing , it 's that wesley just makes me laugh and laugh . ''
sonya and mikhail had decorated things nicely and certainly given the place a warm feel , but it still struck me as wrong that a visiting royal like me received more luxurious accommodations than a hard - working guardian who was constantly risking his life .
` ` there 's going to be no legroom in that thing , '' exclaimed trey .
i froze , expecting the entire thing to explode .
` ` what 's that gold thing ? ''
we 'd made this michigan detour because we had time to pass while waiting for things to be ready for us in palm springs .
sydney 's eyes were n't even on me as she scrutinized the corridor , probably gauging the range of her fireballs and how flammable the whole thing was .
` ` this thing spits acid .
it 's how they do it , torment a girl with wanting and lure out her soul like a snail from its shell , until she can barely feel it anymore and it seems like a skimpy , worthless thing to trade away .
her wingfire burned low - it burned dying low - but she was still the brightest thing in the room .
it 's a thing i know ; it was lying around my brain like litter .
` ` but it probably took someone hours to build that thing . ''
do n't let the ... uh , sky flap thing ... hit you on the way out .
he was at the edge of the bed , one useless leg dangling over the side , a limp curl of a thing .
then they bombed the entire thing . ''
it 's a tiny little thing ; a thin , black rectangle with a button set flush against the length of it .
` ` you mean you can , like , mass - kill everyone with your life - sucking thing ? ''
he leans in , whispers , ` ` how easy is it to take this thing off ? ''
` ` this thing is useless here and my friends must be worried by now .
it 's the only thing i remember the taste of .
` ` does this thing work ? ''
` ` let 's see how many blocks we can go before this thing breaks down . ''
i eat the entire thing with a shit - eating grin .
even with that oxygen thing over his nose and mouth , and his unusually pale skin , i know with a bone deep certainty that it 's van .
i lean between the seats , reaching back to her , and click the thing into place .
it does n't seem possible , but her body was the closest damn thing i 'd ever seen to it .
dad was n't on my back to go to college or get a real job or any of that kind of thing .
laughing against my mouth , kalli reaches up to help , loosening and removing the thing in a matter of pulls .
i throw the thing into drive , and slam on the gas .
there 's not a thing i would n't go through .
as soon as we 're out of here , i have every intention of tossing that blood - stained thing in the trash .
that 's just a matt thing .
mcclain might be the closest thing i ' ve ever met to a saint , but the guy does n't have an ounce of compassion for levi .
her laugh is this pure , perfect thing .
that freaking thing is going to be my downfall .
she 's wearing this lacy little thing beneath it , and when she lifts it up and over her head , i get my first completely unhindered view of her body .
i do n't even f**king like the guy , but i think back to how i felt watching that game , like the only thing i had left was slipping through my fingers , but i did n't have control over my own hands to do anything about it .
i slam the thing shut and pin her back against the door .
and yeah , the cheaper thing definitely helped .
and the fact that my underwear is the only thing keeping the rest of my bare skin from touching him makes that pleasure parade from earlier descend into complete pandemonium .
i shove the thing back in my pocket and am both grateful and disappointed when she does n't reply .
i raise my eyebrows and glance toward the ground , and number twelve picks the thing up so fast you 'd think his life depended on it .
she jumps and practically throws the thing off her lap .
we all remain where we are while coach reaches up and tugs the thing down .
carson pushes his truck into park a second too soon , and the whole thing jerks , sending me into my seat belt .
i wondered briefly if this was what she looked like first thing in the morning , then her eyes swept up toward mine .
that particular stupid thing could send me packing on the first flight back to houston in no time .
cursing my shaky fingers , i practically ripped the thing open .
` ` oh yeah , we play records on that thing almost every day .
he blinked at the blurred thing above him , not understanding what it was .
he shook his head , screwed his eyes shut hard , then opened them again , and the round thing became the houndlike face of old mr wardlaw , who kept the corner shop .
it was a beautiful thing , but i eyed the layers of lace around the neck dubiously .
` ` if you set one more page on that thing , it 's going to collapse , '' claire observed , as roger carelessly reached out , meaning to drop the folder he was carrying on the little inlaid table .
he opened his hand and rather gingerly set the gleaming blue thing on the table by the chess piece .
` ` well , it started some months ago , when the lady geneva started to show , poor thing .
` ` all right , i say ; i ask him , you gon na go round with a bone through your nose next thing ?
it 's not enough he 's got his hair out to here '' -he gestured , fluffing his hands on either side of his own close - cropped head- '' and he 's going round in a thing down to his knees , looks like his sister made it in home ec class .
it lay still on the quilt , a carved white thing , all the bones and tendons chalked in gray as the room began its imperceptible shift from night to day .
` ` that 's the only thing in his pockets .
sir percival paused to remove a snuffbox from his pocket , a pretty thing enameled in green and gold , with cherubs on the lid .
` ` i reached out for the first thing to hand and threw it . ''
the first thing to hand had been the lead - dipper , the long - handled copper ladle used to pour molten lead from the melting pot into the casting molds .
` ` she kent him , and him her , and the shock o ' their meeting gave her back her voice , but not her mind , puir thing .
jamie put an arm about his nephew 's shoulders and turned him , before he should notice the thing hanging from the alder tree .
four greek drachmas of a type jamie recognized had been added to the collection , several small gold and silver coins , and a thing called a quintinarius , a roman coin in heavy gold .
` ` no , it 's no the thing she 's wearing i meant ; most women who bathe outside do it naked , and their skins are no shame to them .
the closest thing was an ivory letter opener , made in the shape of a hand with a pointing finger .
i could n't read the characters , of course , but the shape of the whole thing was somehow very pleasing to look at .
with a mental apology to the shade of aesculapius the physician , i picked up the late surgeon 's bone - saw , a wicked thing some eighteen inches long , a rust - flecked steel .
toward the mountain ; it was the only thing i could see above the sea of mangroves .
at least the miserable thing rocked less than the artemis , though he could still feel the subtle , nauseating heave of the deck beneath him .
` ` we sail first thing in the morning ! ''
` ` all right , then , give me the bloody thing ! ''
` ` where did ye get this thing , fergus ?
here , can ye pry this damn thing loose ?
` ` else i 'd just smash the thing and be done with it .
the main thing seems to be a kind of fish - a little square thing wi ' spots ; verra funny - looking .
i had a cook , '' geilie said , ` ` or at least they sold him to me as a cook , but damned if i 'd feel safe eating a thing he turned out of the kitchen , the sly black devil .
scooping it up , she decanted the thing thriftily into a glass jar .
it was a chart of the fraser family - the bloody thing was even headed ` ` fraser of lovat '' -beginning somewhere around the 1400s , so far as i could see , and running down to the present .
he wore the huge , cold - eyed thing like a hat , his eyes no more than a gleam in the depths beneath the portcullised teeth .
the bloody thing had nearly given me heart failure when i saw it , and i was n't sure i had forgiven frank for it , even though it had accomplished what he 'd meant it to .
the thing in his hand was small and glittering .
i went at once to him , and took the thing from his hand .
it was a brooch , a small , beautifully made thing in the shape of a flying swallow .
he had been surprised at the delicacy and artistry of the tiny thing , which showed a half - clothed woman engaged in a very athletic form of sexual congress with a naked obese gentleman with his hair in a topknot .
after a moment , he sighed happily , then tucked the thing away in the inner pocket of his coat .
as the roots of the tooth parted from the jawbone , and i was holding the tiny white thing , intact .
i said no , they were my pets , and asked him was it his ship out there , because everyone said so and it was a bonny thing , no ?
william had , of course , denied authorship of the thing but declined to identify the artist .
she might be wrong - but she was an engineer ; she knew the look of a thing built by men .
a chinese fortune - teller , kids called them ; there were four pockets showing , and you put your fingers in them and could open the thing in different combinations as questions were asked , so as to show the different answers - yes , no , sometimes , always - written on the flaps inside .
` ` but it never occurred to me that she 'd throw the thing .
the head did look misshapen : a queer , clumsy , blunt thing at the end of such a sinisterly graceful body .
he leered briefly at that ; if the ship could be considered a rebel vessel , he could simply take the whole thing as a prize , crew and all .
two more were manning a gun , a long brass thing on the bow , pointed at the teal 's side .
` ` we ran for it as quick as i could set the men to sailing this thing .
the herbs were interesting and useful in themselves , being plainly imported : cinchona bark - i must try to send that back to north carolina for lizzie , if we ever got off this horrible tub - mandrake , and ginger , things that never grew in the colonies .
if ye want to die , just pull that thing out of your chest . ''
bloody hell , the thing was the size of a small horse !
with some difficulty , he unbent them and set the thing down beside him .
a thing made of - bed - no , canvas ; he shook his head .
` ` no place in polish army , but i know how to build things , i come where things to build . ''
i ' ve broken the damned thing half a dozen times , from its sticking out like it does .
the thing was warm in his hands , but nothing moved along the seams .
` ` it - er , please , dear lady ... '' he almost snatched the thing out of my hands , thrusting it back into his chest .
with some effort , i heaved the heavy buffalo robe over the stack of cut fir branches that formed the foundation of our bed , spread our two blankets over the robe , then folded the whole thing over like a dumpling , creating a large , weatherproof , cozy pocket into which i inserted myself , shivering in my shift .
or had sexual desperation inspired him to bet on the thing ?
) , who supplied him with a great deal of lead foil from wine bottles ( well , you really ca n't blame general burgoyne if he 's taken to drink , in the circumstances , though my general impression is that everyone on both sides drinks like a fish all of the time , regardless of the military situation of the moment ) , has produced a miracle of engineering : a lead - lined coffin ( very necessary ) on detachable wheels ( also very necessary ; the thing must weigh close to a ton - your father says no , it 's only seven or eight hundredweight , but as he has n't tried to lift it , i do n't see how he would know ) .
did he happen to ' suggest ' how much he thought it might cost to have such a thing printed and bound ? ''
not liking to see the lovely thing lie disregarded on the floor , rachel bent and picked it up herself .
i found the first apothecary and got from him some useful items , including a jar of leeches - though i boggled a little at the thought of putting one inside henri - christian 's mouth ; what if he managed to swallow the thing ?
she had yet another mask , he saw , this one a stiff thing made of basket withes lined with layers of soft cotton cloth .
it was an antique but not a valuable one - an ugly victorian thing in the shape of a sprawling silver flower surrounded by writhing vines .
one side of his chest was heavily marked with crisscrossing scars , and there were others - a deep one across the top of one thigh , a jagged thing like a lightning bolt down his left forearm .
he came gradually to himself , aware that he was talking and evidently had been for some time , in spite of his head being cradled in the curve of her shoulder , his senses aswim in her musk ( like a sweating flower , he thought dreamily ) , and her nipple a dark sweet thing an inch or two from his nose .
jenny promptly handed the freshly loaded pistol to denzell , who took it by reflex , then regarded the thing in his hand in astonishment .
i could n't imagine where he 'd got such a thing but did n't bother asking , under the circumstances .
she hoped they were in fact in the past and not dead - traveling through whatever sort of thing the stones were was a bloody dangerous proposition - but , if so , that brought her back to horrifying realization number 1 : jem was n't in the past .
the only thing that kept him from going right back into the tunnel and hoping for someone to find him in the morning was the ... thing in there .
his audience was initially more interested by the bottle opener , which he was obliged to describe in detail - inventing wildly , as he had no notion what the thing actually looked like , though there were sympathetic murmurs regarding the residents of bombay and a brief prayer for the souls of those crushed under falling houses and the like .
but he could n't tell what had happened then , not any more than he could tell mr . macleod - that 's what it said on his badge , jock macleod - what the shiny thing in the tunnel was .
he looked round wildly , grabbed the first thing he saw , which was a rolling chair , and pushed it as hard as he could into the lobby .
meant to assist farmers lambing at night or searching for lost stock , the thing was a foot long and weighed nearly two pounds .
her hands were shaking ; it took three tries to open the sticky drawer in mandy 's dresser , and after the third failure , she pounded it in fury with the side of her fist , whispering through gritted teeth , ` ` you goddamned f**king bloody buggering thing !
she crashed her fist on top of the dresser , raised her foot , and smashed the sole of her sneaker into the thing so hard that it rocked back and thumped into the wall with a bang .
the terrorized drawer shot out , and she snatched the whole thing free and flung it into the opposite wall , where it struck and exploded in a rainbow spray of underpants and tiny striped t - shirts .
` ` have ye lost that thing , an athair ? ''
none of them ever saw such a thing before , but because of the name , they were thinking it might have to do wi ' your lad . ''
as the tray levitated , henri - christian 's beaming face appeared below it ; he was balancing the thing on his head .
if asked , he would have said he put the thing on with his uniform and forgot about it - but from the number of times he found arabella - jane in his mind , he was apparently in the habit of fiddling with it constantly .
` ` i ' ve broken a fingernail trying to get this bloody thing loose , and i ca n't bloody reach it with my teeth ! ''
` ` what are you doing with a thing like that ? ''
it was the best thing i could find for the job , being flat , smooth , and spade - shaped .
having been designed for irrigation rather than puncture , the syringe had a blunt , smoothly tapered tip : just the thing for dribbling honey into someone 's eye .
it had been a complicated picture to color , and as bree had just got to the phase where she insisted that things be colored ` ` real , '' the cannon could not be pink or orange , and frank had obligingly drawn several crude cannon on a sheet of paper and tried out everything from gray ( with shadings of black , blue , blue - violet , and even cornflower ) to brown , with tints of burnt sienna and gold , before they finally settled - frank 's opinion as to actual historicity of cannon being diffidently advanced - on black with dark green shadings .
` ` you do n't own a thing in this world but that damned uniform !
` ` you were found in a ditch , near a place called spottiswood or some such thing .
hunter 's brows rose , but he dropped the thing in jamie 's hand .
denny picked up the jawed thing again .
it stopped for an instant , and jamie glanced up from his scrutiny of claire 's face to see the quaker 's look of intentness as he drew the thing free once more - this time clutching a tiny clump of something unrecognizable .
denny asked him , frowning at the thing .
so they called an antiques guy to take the thing apart - very carefully , he assured me .
a huge thing , standing nearly fifteen feet high and eight feet wide , double stone walls filled with rubble in between , winding off into the distance .
and he would take them to mester hacffurthe , if they liked to see the thing .
brianna was close enough now to see that it was a small glittering thing he put in jem 's palm - and that mandy 's fist was curled around a large ring , rather battered , with a masonic emblem carved into its onyx - and the twin of jem 's small diamond winking beside it , an empty socket on the other side .
the miasma of humidity and slowly evaporating sweat made the light of the candelabra fill the chamber with a gentle , romantic glow ; just the thing for a dinner party filled with wine , flirtations , and dancing .
i got back to the shippens ' house and collected my things , then returned to the printshop to eat lunch and pack up the rest of my herbs and medicines ; fergus and germain would bring them to chestnut street on their afternoon delivery round .
fergus 's press had definitely perished in the flames ; the derelict carcass was still there , the metal parts twisted in a way suggesting uncomfortably that the thing had died in agony .
` ` the only thing i might be inclined to play with you , colonel , is mumblety - peg , '' i said , tapping my fingers on the handle of the saw .
she licked the substantial length of the warty green thing with a long , slow swipe of her tongue and then - holding his eyes - sucked deliberately on the end of it .
' here 's the thing .
( neither am i , since i 'll have to grade the damned thing when she 's finished .
' this is the coolest thing ever .
i could n't have given two shits to slice that thing open , and pearl was pissed off she was out sick that day because she missed it .
i could n't keep from worrying the damned thing when i was anxious .
and here 's the thing .
mom 's a petite thing , and i tower over her at my six feet .
she may be tall , but compared to me she 's a tiny thing , and for the first time today , i find amusement .
the bastard took the last thing my parents owned .
all this luxury , all the excess- i do n't deserve it , especially since rachel is n't enjoying a damn thing lying in that hospital .
` ` so i have this thing , '' she says .
` ` i think six of us can fit on that thing . ''
` ` you 're hilarious , but i have a feeling that this sequined thing exists . ''
we should seriously take the thing down before someone does fall ... again .
i barely resisted throwing the entire thing on the floor and tap - dancing all over the pieces .
why does every single thing you ' ve said to me tonight make me want to hurt things and various people ? ''
he had a trail of fine golden hairs dusting his abdomen below his belly button that tickled my fingers when i circled the base of his erection with my hand because there was no way the whole thing was going to fit in my mouth .
i was used to the damn thing going off at all hours of the day and night .
the whole goddamn thing was in flames when i pulled into the parking lot . ''
she 's lucky this thing is old and crapped out on her .
i have no intention of going back for a pretty young thing , and i also have no desire to have all my bits and pieces cut off and scattered across the city if i get on your boy 's bad side .
while i pondered what my next step should be , i sent stark a text message asking him to dig up every single thing he could on drew donner .
i think the poor thing had had enough of everyone else 's drama to last her well into her own adulthood .
and i have just the thing for it . ''
you need to shock the shit out of this thing or just let it die .
` ` how do i ' shock the shit out of this thing ' ?
how do i shock the shit out of this thing ?
` ` students drop off for chaps first thing in the morning , in his room .
i will kill you if you point that thing at tommi .
` ` why would you risk a damn thing for us ?
i must ' ve been in more distress than i thought not to hear that thing pull up .
` ` or in this case , a truck because it 's the only thing big enough for a guy like me . ''
the whole thing reveals just enough of her lightly tanned skin to make a man wan na beg .
with a bag in one hand ( i assume it holds the clothes she was wearing ) and a little clutch thing in the other , she reaches for me and i lift her into the passenger seat until she can scoot back and swing her legs around .
even if she was n't blonde , which so many women are , and even if she were n't wearing a green blousy thing that matches her eyes , i 'd still be able to pick her out of a crowd instantly .
i ' m still struggling to come up with just the right thing to wear when i come across a plain gray sweatshirt .
` ` oh , this old thing ? ''
the only thing between him and my skin now is my underwear .
i mean , did n't you used to be a ... thing ? ''
i want to watch her eyes open first thing in the morning .
it 's the same thing that 's been in mine .
he just wants me to water the plants and stuff , keep an eye on things .
` ` i might remember a lot more if i could see the places i ' ve been , people i ' ve known , things i ' ve seen .
i know what kind of ... thing our father is .
when we arrived at the edge of the field in which the barn sat , we watched the area for at least fifteen minutes and did n't see a single thing .
there was a time when that thing was practically glued to my palm .
inside , i found much the same thing as i had in the other room .
you practically grew up on that thing , guarding the front door . ''
the least i can do is get you an orgasm before that thing freezes up on you . ''
` ` that 's kind of a shame , because if you really , really wanted me to continue putting things in your mouth , you are the one thing i 'd miss this meeting for . ''
and from what i can see , the only other thing she 's wearing is a pair of light - colored panties .
` ` you could let me watch you strip this little thing from your body , '' he says , his breath fanning my cheek as he runs his finger back and forth under the thin strap of my top .
there 's no way in the world i ' m jumping off this thing . ''
` ` so you want me to jump off this thing , naked , and then climb back up here to get my clothes ?
and i also think it 's the sweetest thing ever ! ''
` ` now for this pesky thing , '' he muses as he slides a finger under the strap of my bra .
it 's the only thing i like straight , '' he says with a wink and an elbow to my ribs .
all i can think about is watching jenna ride that thing .
we got ta get some use out of this thing before the operator gets bored and goes home , '' she says , gesturing toward the clearly unenthusiastic plaid - clad old man who 's sitting on a stool in the corner , leaning over a small console .
sexy eyes drift through my mind ... ` ` i want to get that thing running so i can drive you around and show you off .
hell , that thing could fall apart on the road somewhere in bfe . ''
her hair is wound up in some sort of loose bun type thing on top of her head .
it 's lopsided and just about the sexiest thing ever .
but obviously not the furthest thing from trick 's .
she 's wearing a bikini , but her bottom half is wrapped in some sort of skirt - type thing .
she moves them around , probably more than she needs to in order to find the credit card looking thing .
even that piece of shit i ' m working on now would be a better ride than this thing . ''
the location made it hard to get an up - close look , but i was positive it was glass ; it 's the only thing it could be .
` ` no , it started raining and put the whole thing out . ''
if there 's one thing i ' ve got , it 's junk in my trunk .
sometimes i need the same thing when i ' m with ginger .
i took the only thing he left me - dual - something that was bought with questionable money from questionable people , and i turned it into a successful , respectable establishment .
it 's my mission in life to get you to take that thing out for a spin . ''
` ` i do n't need anything thing from you .
she 's wearing a tiny little nightie thing .
` ` i would open your door , but this thing gets in the way . ''
he has to testify or the rico thing wo n't work .
a huge chunk of my life 's savings is wrapped up in that thing .
i peel back the sheet , the only thing that 's covering her .
some fijian men dressed in humiliating outfits are carrying olivia on some sort of bed ... thing .
out of everything she got me , the thing i loved most was a little mermaid t - shirt .
` ` getting your ... thing out . ''
knowing how extortionately priced minibar drinks are and how mad i am with tom right now , i decide to order the priciest thing in there .
the most expensive thing is a miniature bottle of thomas segal whiskey .
why do n't you just see where this thing goes ? ''
sorry , dude , but i ' m off the market now , and sausage never was my thing anyway . ''
` ` he was a mad thing for months .
and i 'll let you put that thing on my wrist without killing any of you . ''
` ` i ran into collin yesterday , and ended up with this thing on my wrist . ''
seriously , though , i want to know who was eating a twinkie and thought , ' hmm , this thing needs to be more fattening ? ' ''
` ` now that we 're done talking about my jobless self , would you like to tell me about that thing on your wrist ? ''
i sighed , shaking the thing like i might get lucky and just make it fall off .
i need to go try something particularly unpleasant to get this thing off without actually obeying it 's command , but it 's nothing you could help with .
i promised to head to the retreat first thing in the morning , then hung up wearily .
i give them my answer first thing in the morning . ''
` ` how far underground does this thing go ? ''
you wan na show respect , you take the safety off of that thing and take out some of the monsters that demolished an entire human city just weeks ago . ''
you wear that thing all the time ? ''
` ` as i said , that thing is meant only for druid eyes .
a large manilla envelope was the only thing inside .
i ' m glad they put this thing on my wrist , even if it knocks me on my ass . ''
` ` i thought that thing was buried for good .
` ` as long as you realize that it will be a fight , if you try stash that thing away again . ''
` ` i sure hope your dragon form is prettier than that thing . ''
if there was anyone in the world that could keep that thing in safe hands , it was caleb .
i could n't begin to imagine what the wrong people would do with such a thing .
i 'll set him up in a well fortified vault , first thing in the morning .
i still did n't know where my dad stood on this , and i planned on calling him first thing in the morning .
` ` i do n't think jason and katherine will appreciate that thing in the living room . ''
tate 's older - than - dirt cd player had some kind of alarm clock on it , and i accidentally hit a button and then the damn thing would n't shut off when i jammed the power button .
i 'll call madoc to warn him to start getting the gear together first thing in the morning , and you and i will go for provisions .
i think of you first thing in the morning , and last thing at night .
it was the only thing these people drove .
you do n't mean a thing to any of these people , '' he said , sneering .
i ' ve got just the thing . ''
if it were half as bad as me , i would n't be able to drive the thing home .
the smell of new leather was unbelievable , and the whole thing was so amazingly soft .
` ` just answer it , or turn the damn thing off , and tell me what happened ! ''
i wish i had lost the damn thing off the embankment .
the crowd would go crazy for ` ` life raft '' since it was the only song they really knew of our music , but ` ` white hot '' seemed to be the next best thing .
the only thing i still had was my guitar , and her song seemed to be the only one i remembered .
he shrugged the thing off of his shoulders and tossed it on the empty desk .
` ` so , you want me to record the whole thing ? ''
i 'll be running sound and this thing will be running itself , thanks to my new tripod , '' he said , tapping his finger on the camera .
she could n't stop feeling like the tiny thing was weighing her bag down .
she gave up on the buttons after two and yanked the thing over his head .
he 'd had someone pick him out a new one for the occasion , and after he had gotten it tailored , the thing fit perfectly .
she never took the damn thing off except to shower .
liz was only going because she had helped dr . mires put the entire thing on , so she did n't think she would be able to sneak away .
` ` put that thing away , '' victoria cried over the music .
when the thing she had wanted for two years , the person who had been giving her everything for months and months , was right in front of her .
victoria used anything as an excuse to go shopping , which was how liz ended up in a dress boutique in downtown durham looking for the perfect thing to wear to the banquet .
could she just be a temporary thing for brady ?
` ` we 're not getting off of this thing any faster , and brady is n't even waiting . ''
` ` i think you just need one more thing , '' he said , pulling out a powder - blue box from his pocket .
` ` it had better not hurt a damn thing , '' she said .
it was the only thing i 'd ever wanted : my own motorcycle .
` ` call me first thing in the morning .
it 's a thin thing , expensive , soft leather , but it protected her skin .
it 's a kylie song , the kind of thing i listened to for her .
it 's a small ring , simple , a thin white - gold band and princess - cut diamond but , to me , in that moment , it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
the pink goofy sponge thing .
` ` i saw an empty fifth of whiskey , but i do n't know if she drank the entire thing at once .
the room had no radiator , just a mysterious flat pad - type thing on the wall - he could never describe it adequately to other people - that , when turned on , grew too hot to touch while also managing to not even vaguely warm the surrounding air .
who in the world would fire such a thing these days ?
' you lost thing . '
she took a sip of mint tea , an odd thing to have with roast beef , but she 'd declined all offers of the red wine george was desperately trying not to drink too quickly .
same thing , different angle . '
she sighed and took it down , placing it carefully in the bag that kumiko had given her and locking the whole thing in a drawer .
there had been nothing but her body , which they had buried , a practice the undertaker had gently tried to dissuade him as american and impractical , but having found no family of kumiko 's to contradict him , he 'd bought her a new dress , a new overcoat and the closest thing he could find to the suitcase she always carried to bury alongside her , though her burns were so bad he had n't been allowed to see her body .
better than that thing with all the chicken rings , eh , jean ? '
he dropped the fabric , clenching his jaw , as if he could make the damn thing better by a sheer act of will .
highfield could n't help but laugh privately at dobson 's face when the first girl emerged on to the deck , her bedroll under her arm , dressed in a frilled bright pink two - piece swimsuit , the kind of thing that would previously have had him spluttering into his collar .
we 're going to empty the bomb rooms as far as possible , then flood the bloody thing .
and then it turned out that replacement upholstered rolls - royce seats were about the only thing you could n't get on ebay .
a werk thing . '
' and you have a hands - free thing .
' will you put that thing down ! '
' then i suggest we all get a few hours ' sleep and i 'll pick you up first thing tomorrow . '
tomorrow morning he would pop by first thing , apologize and explain that something had come up .
rolls , muffins , that kind of thing .
only thing that works for mine .
which of them was going to kick that thing under the parked car so that nobody trod in it .
he reached across her and pulled on the handbrake , before she could somehow set the thing in motion again .
she had little plug - in things that released ' a luxurious scent of rare blossoms and rainforests ' dotted around her skirting , and bowls of pot - pourri that she sprayed from little bottles of scent , and she had about a billion candles in the bathroom ( ' i do love my scented candles ' ) .
' oh , no , you daft old thing .
i was thinking it 's the kind of thing they could give away at citizens ' advice bureaux . '
` ` and having said that , i think you should wear the rose pink thing .
you clever thing . ''
when i first met you , i thought you were a fragile little thing .
he did n't think he 'd ever seen her do that thing with her mouth ; perhaps the way she was designed forbade it .
` ` i ' m pretty busy - and personal correspondence is n't the kind of thing we hold on to .
she did n't talk about it : if this past year has taught her one thing , it is to live in the present .
exactly the kind of thing they can find a market for .
some months ago aurelien , chopping up old beer barrels for firewood , had discovered that the only thing separating the labyrinthine wine cellar from that of the neighbours , the fouberts , was a single - skin brick wall .
i sold her two scarves : one of cream silk , the other a plush thing from dyed blue feathers .
his thing was no longer inside me but soft , curling apologetically against my groin .
i 'll get on to the new file first thing in the morning . '
' desk - drawer thing ? '
it was a marvellous thing for david to cut his teeth on , and a lovely retreat for the two of you , but do n't you think you should be in the thick of things again ?
david had been working on a new conference centre in barcelona , a monolithic thing , built to reflect the blue skies , the shimmering seas .
she feels his eyes on her as she gathers up her things and leaves the room .
she has liked the fact that the girl you left behind is the only colourful thing in the room , antique and precious , glowing like a little jewel at the end of her bed .
the goldstein building had been the apotheosis of david 's life 's work : the thing that would commemorate him .
he has emptied the whole thing .
why do you want to give such a pretty thing away ? '
she sees janey , gathering her things slowly , her face frozen , as if she can not believe what has just taken place .
she nipped down into the galley and emerged with a strange - looking thing on a cable .
do you remember me mentioning a thing called an s94 ? '
' i appreciate a lot of you guys wo n't care one way or the other , but this is the one thing that marks out silver bay from a lot of the other destinations , and most of you will know that when the tourists come out on our boats , they 'll often stop off in the cafes or shops on the way home .
' this thing is foreign money , ' he said .
at first it had been part of my dream - i was on an aeroplane , and the stewardess was trying to wake everybody up because until we all flapped our wings the thing would not rise off the ground .
she 'd known it when she 'd moved her few belongings to david 's house - the glass structure on top of a sugar factory by the thames had been one of the first things he 'd designed and built .
i was wearing the very shaggy waistcoat thing that dad says makes me look like an emu .
it was pale , opaque plastic , the kind of thing thomas had used , except without bob the builder on the sides .
she was wearing a brown shearling gilet , the kind of thing that would have made me look like a yeti , and a pale - grey cashmere scarf around her neck , which she began to fiddle with , as if she could n't decide whether to unwrap herself or not .
' can that thing get a puncture ? '
if you 're sure will 's looking better , i 'll be back first thing in the morning . '
patrick 's stomach no longer gave when i nestled into him ; it was a hard , unforgiving thing , like a sideboard , and he was prone to pulling up his shirt and hitting it with things , to prove quite how hard it was .
they put a thing on their head with , like , a stick on it , and they nod their head to touch the keyboard .
' the last time i ate out anywhere was a birthday party for four - year - olds at hailsbury 's only indoor bowling alley , and there was n't a thing there that was n't covered in batter .
i had worn the wrong thing to the races .
i picked up the cleanser that was one of the few things i was allowed to keep at patrick 's place , and began to clean off my make - up with sweeping strokes .
' bloody useless thing ...
here 's a thing , ' he said , finally .
because i do n't think you can pogo in that thing . '
' wretched thing .
she arrived back from the airport late evening on the sunday , pale as a ghost under her suntan - and we could n't work that out for a start , as she had definitely said she 'd see us first thing monday morning .
i ' m wearing an ugly black polyester waitress uniform that is the dowdiest thing on the planet .
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning .
i do n't need that thing running to make me hotter .
and supposedly he could push that thing inside me ?
` ` who 's the jackass who bought you that bulky thing anyway ? ''
only thinking with the thing between my legs , versus the thing that i ' m supposed to be using when i ' m thinking .
only thinking with the thing between my legs , versus the thing that i ' m supposed to be using when i ' m thinking .
and are n't you a plain little thing ? ''
` ` i want to sit outside the dressing room and have you come out to show me every single thing you 're trying on . ''
she has on a black 49ers sweatshirt and jeans , her long blond hair pulled back into a high ponytail , and she 's about the prettiest , freshest thing i ' ve seen in a long - ass time .
luckily enough , he snapped to attention and came through , making sure i had everything i needed , loaded up the car with my stuff , and would n't let me carry a thing .
` ` you ' ve come to my bed wearing the same exact thing .
would n't change a damn thing .
somehow , she 's the sexiest thing in this place , in that dress .
she moves against my fingers , her teeth sinking into her lower lip , lids at half mast , looking like the sexiest thing alive , and all i can do is watch her , too captivated to do anything else .
i ' m wearing almost the same damn thing in different colors , though i do n't bother pointing out that we 're practically twinsies .
trust me , you do n't owe jake slater a damn thing .
she never did a damn thing to you ! ''
` ` she 's better this morning , but last night , someone abandoned the poor thing , and she came scratching at my door , '' susan replied as she took a plate of bacon and sausage to the table .
all i could see on abby was a white , lacy push up bra thing that extended down her back to her waist .
` ` you want me to carry some purse thing ? ''
sure , it would seem from the way he had been speaking very formally and properly this afternoon that he could be a nerd , but at the same time , i 'd spent lots of downtime with him , and he was the furthest thing from a nerd .
` ` and what can i do for a sweet thing like you ? ''
i did n't exactly pack that kind of thing for this summer . ''
` ` my sure thing ended up passing out on the dance floor .
just when i thought i had been imagining things , something scratched against my window , and it was n't a branch caused by the wind .
i hated the damn thing and everything it represented .
i 'd made two appointments to have the damn thing covered with something else , but i never could bring myself to go .
` ` i 'll get the water on while you get out of that thing , '' i said , motioning to her chest .
look at you miss thing .
` ` i ' m going to look like a fucking pansy tourist in that thing . ''
we 'll leave first thing tomorrow morning if you 're still feeling this way . ''
nothing else is out of place , although he snooped through my things .
` ` i like the actual thing very much , but not this drink . ''
she loved that thing so much .
i always thought he looked hot strumming that thing .
i undo the first loop of my belt ` ` you caught me coming out of the bath so i ' m not wearing a thing underneath .
i grab the closest thing i can find and use it to fan her .
we fly over this afternoon and will see dr . paschall first thing in the morning .
it was so horrible that i begged my doctor to remove the thing without any hesitation or concern for my fertility .
` ` give me the damn thing . ''
he brings his whisky up and tosses the entire thing back .
we 'll make it official first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i promise to get on that first thing in the morning . ''
i had spent my entire life raising my hand to tell someone i did n't have the things i needed and here i stood , 18 years old , still doing the same thing .
i could n't dare tell payton i thought his tattoo sleeve was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen because she would think i was out of my mind .
the boy knew how to violate a girl with his eyes alone and i was glad i would n't have to face him first thing every morning .
i looked at my still wet white bikini and wondered if it was worth putting the cold thing back on or if i should get a dry one .
` ` i want you to call me first thing in the morning . ''
i reached over to silence the thing because i was in no mood to talk to anyone , especially at eight o'clock in the morning after the drunk i pulled .
that thing was ready to burst through his zipper .
gosh , this thing could almost rival fiona 's right now .
heavens , that thing took my breath away .
` ` you really like that thing , do n't you ? ''
i was looking for the real thing .
i fumbled with the dial on my microscope , cursing loudly when i could n't get the damn thing to cooperate .
it was going to go straight to my head , but , damn , this thing was good .
she told story after story about their dating history - the places they 'd been , things they 'd done - recalling funny things he 'd said , often making herself erupt in laughter .
` ` careful there , kitten , or that dessert is n't the only thing that 'll be in your mouth . ''
seriously , that thing was nicer than my first car .
you 're a stripper , baby , i do n't know where that thing 's been . ''
` ` you 're gon na get a tan from that thing . ''
i tugged the unwieldy thing unsuccessfully across my room .
` ` and do n't be looking up p**n on that thing .
tomorrow in the daylight you 'll be shocked you could n't see it , the damn thing 's huge . ''
` ` i 'll press the real thing up against you all day in public , babe .
bet that thing can land allota good tits and ass . ''
hitting reject on the screen , i toss the thing back on the dresser and make my way to the bathroom and back without turning on any lights .
raising an eyebrow at her story , i point to ally 's glass , ` ` i ' m afraid to hear what happens after you slam down the rest of that thing , '' i tease .
damn this thing tastes good , it 's so easy to forget how potent it really is until you feel your head begin to become weightless .
if the painting is half as good as the real thing , it 's going to be a masterpiece .
never breaking eye contact , i reach across the table and fork his ravioli onto my utensil , quickly shoving the whole thing into my mouth .
eventually he lets me hang up , promising to call first thing in the morning .
it 's effortless and simple , and the sexiest damn thing i ' ve ever seen .
except they come off as copied and imitating the real thing .
not that anyone ever calls my house phone ... i ' m not even sure why i still have the thing , but caden would undoubtedly move on to try a different means after a few hours of going to voicemail on my cell .
that thing is filthy .
i barely read the damn thing so this will be interesting . ''
` ` i do n't know if you could call that thing a boat .
that thing 's got to be over a hundred feet , '' she marveled .
the only thing that had worked in the past .
a tear escaped at the thought of not seeing those eyes first thing when she woke up in the morning .
now , here 's the thing .
but we have a plane to catch first thing in the morning .
my phone started playing ashes by demon 's wings and i glared down at the damn thing in my hand seeing nik 's face smiling back at me on the screen of the iphone .
i read over that thing they sent over and had serious issues with it . ''
the thing looked like a death trap , but i was n't going to judge .
` ` there must be a place around here where we can buy all the things we need to make the perfect sandcastle , '' drake said to lucy , who was still munching on pretzels after the three slices of cheese pizza she had already devoured .
we filled the dishwasher but did n't turn it on because really neither of us knew what was what on the stupid thing .
maybe lana was just the thing that drake needed .
i hoped that the thing was unfixable .
i thought my shitty day was over until i got into layla 's car after school and the damned thing refused to start .
the only thing that separated me from drake fucking some random girl was a door three inches thick .
` ` i 'll start on it first thing tomorrow .
` ` i want to get rid of this thing before we go traipsing around the city . ''
shane gave me a smile that did n't quite reach his eyes , and i had a sudden crazy thought that maybe drake was n't the only stevenson brother with a thing for my friend .
ignoring the annoying ringtone , i turned over in bed and used my extra pillow to cover my head until the thing quieted down .
muttering a curse , i blindly reached for the thing to turn it off when i saw that it was from shane .
` ` how many channels does this thing have ? ''
i 'd be hitting the gym first thing the next morning , but it would be worth every miserable second of thigh burning torture for just a mouthful of the decadent dessert i had ordered .
the social worker handed jesse a stack of papers , told him he would have to come down to her office first thing the next morning with emmie , and left with officer brady .
i was sure i could have ran up the stairs faster than that damned thing moved .
i glared at the twelve - tiered thing , my mouth watering at just the sight .
i ' m going to handle it first thing in the morning .
` ` throw the damn thing , '' i told harper , my bottom lip pouting out .
zander is going to head out first thing in the morning , try to find him before the tabloid vultures spot liam .
the second i saw jesse carrying layla toward the noisy thing , my life felt like it actually stopped for a minute .
i had left my things back at harper 's place , planning on picking everything up in the morning before my flight home .
` ` i 'll throw it away first thing in the morning . ''
i could n't even follow a list because i could read that thing a million times and still forget at least three things on it .
it had taken me weeks , but i had finally found the perfect thing .
jesse there were some things you do n't want to see first thing in the morning .
the thing was huge and for some reason my heart began to race as soon as i spotted it .
i would have loved to revamp the whole house and make it our base here , but if axton decided he wanted to take a wrecking ball to the fucking thing , i was okay with that too .
the thing hugged her luscious curves like a glove .
exhaling noisily , i took the thing from his slackened hand and lifted it to my ear .
and that electrolyte thing can be monitored .
the only thing she wore was little , black briefs that could n't hide the dampness of her pussy .
i could n't help but wonder if i should have at least glanced at that damned thing before letting harris read it .
while everyone else got in , i made sure the driver stored our things away carefully and then took my place beside marissa .
he 'd tossed the little thing at me one night when he 'd walked onto the bus after a concert .
and she 'd just rolled her eyes at me and slept with the damn thing every night during that torturous tour .
grabbing the closest thing , i threw it across the room and then punched the wall again .
by the time marissa backed out , i had almost completely forgotten about the damn thing .
muttering a curse , i decided that it would n't be a good idea to pick up the whole fucking thing and toss it out our living room window into the pacific ocean that acted as our back yard .
i ve never seen a thing grown from real seeds , but nobody ever stopped telling stories about the way food used to be before .
there is nt much in this thing , but here you go .
i was fascinated but there did nt seem to be any way to open the damned thing .
let me show you something , he said , a thing that very few people are privileged to see in a given lifetime .
it was a stable paradox portal no less , a thing so rare and so profitable that men and women were prepared to kill for the rights to possess one .
it is the chink in the human psyche , the thing that reminds us that however high we build our towers , we are , at heart , merely animals , responding to crisis the way we always have , with tooth and claw .
thor , loki , spread word first thing in the morning i want a representative of every house in the central chamber .
i just hope this thing still runs .
at once it was before me , shivering in the cold darkness of the room , and then was i inside it , seeing its inner spasming covering the walls and floor and ceiling as though it had turned itself inside out and the center was now the only thing recognizable as my once sanctified library , and then back again .
it may have been hours , or seconds , but all at once i felt the thing move , flickering between the spaces in my sight .
he might even hustle some money from this thing , if he could think for more than thirty seconds at a time .
just do nt charge people for it , and tell them to get the real thing at the official website , listed at the end of the book .
` ` is that thing ready ? ''
at least if the equipment worked as promised it would not take another 22 years to redesign the moon and build the proposed extension on it and then coat the whole thing with the new alloy the big brains had devised to reflect radiation .
you were hoping she s one of the farmvicts with a bounty on her head though , were nt you , you pretty little thing ?
one thing they had nt taken from the amish were their nasty semi - automatic weapons .
i m going as fast as this thing will go , but we might not make it .
andy was wearing the same light blue scrubs i d seen him in for weeks , and i looked down to see that my new body was wearing the same thing .
we have to figure out a way to do a live test of this thing , and there s no way were going to use rolando , i said .
i could hear the electronics in my right arm sparking and grinding from the machete damagewhatever that thing had been made of , it had nt been regular steel .
the tablet stylus that viktor had dropped when i bit him was n't the easiest thing to handle when you could only move your hand a few centimeters within the stasis field .
they re always lying to me , this thing , noah says as he gets up and gives the old flat - screen tv a smack with the back of his hand .
it is the only thing that is in there .
it is a rather simple , but nice viewthere is still great beauty to be found in a simple thing .
i promise though , well find a place and well get things for it that you likeitll feel like home , it will just be different .
i hand her a bottle of water and she drinks almost the entire thing at once .
she almost manages to finish the whole thing off before she hands it back to me .
you think you can even kill with that thing ?
hate to do this , i always loved that hotellot of good hour long memories there just blow the damn thing up , eli says as he takes cover as another barrage of shots is fired from the hotel .
whoever had programmed the thing had a sense of humor , for the read - out said bogie on your tail .
then that big wooden thing fell right on top of us .
they rose and began to collect their things when the hammer dropped .
if that was the same thing the soldiers and slaves went through , damn !
though he had never seen such a thing , he knew exactly what it was from .
it seemed that they both were unaccustomed to a hard ride first thing in the morning .
along of the edges of the creature druzeel could make out what looked like armor , straps , and even a scabbard , but the inside was blank , as if the features of this thing before him had been erased with black ink .
was this thing some type of ghost ?
in a few seconds there was nothing left of the thing but a puddle of black sludge , which slowly started to soak into the ground .
strong as a whole but once you start to cut the strands , the entire thing eventually collapses .
keep it up , dex said with an angry tone , riding up next to druzeel , eyeing ristil with annoyance , and i m going to strangle you with that thing .
all of them had long hair , tanned skin , and wore hardly a thing .
at the moment , there was only one thing within his reach that he could use to push all of his attackers away .
regardless , the thing came apart in an explosion of crystal and steel , showering the area with deadly shards and leaving the ground peppered with grooves and vicious scrapes .
make no mistake , brend said , leading the two from the room and back out to the street after they had gathered their things , most of the pillars are disciplined and follow a strict code of conduct , but every barrel of apples has a few rotten ones from time to time .
he opened his omni - tools communicator if only to shut the damn thing up , and glanced over its screenover the single , two - word message - to - all that had been sent .
i mean why does the damn thing have to be brought here ?
i can get us in , miranda , but this thing is so fried , there s no way i can automate it to seal us in there !
the capacitors are shot i ve only got about five seconds of fidelity left on this thing .
this thing he held the tool up in the flaming light , examining it closely , and gestured to the makeshift control panel tali had constructed in the wall of citadel tower , in there ?
my godtheyre feeding enough eezo through this thing to power a mass relay !
i ve never even used this thing .
come on we ve got to get off this damn thing before it collapses .
the platform under their feet oscillated alarmingly as shepard looked back with a pale face at grunts struggling , exhausted form this whole thing is tearing apart !
look at that thing ! !
they re all going to be watching for me , and i ca nt even set a foot on this damned thing without the turian saw her color - drained face as he stood in the shuttles entry hatch , a sorrowful and compassionate expression on his face .
one thing that i did want to get for myself before we did meet up was a classic car magazine .
i suppose i will just have to stop looking at her in a funny way first thing in the morning .
well lets just say that should the thing go up , then so will this mountain , and to tell you the truth , i do not believe for one minute that any of these doors will help to save us .
the whole thing was about seven to eight feet wide and stood about twelve feet high .
is that weird globe thing there in the middle the mdt ?
i kept fiddling with the stupid controls , but try as i might i could not get the damn thing to work .
` ` we have to take the whole thing out ! ''
` ` there were people on that thing ? ''
` ` you have not explained how this thing ended up this far underground . ''
squinting in the glare , he raised his hand to block the light and yelled , ` ` get that damn thing out of my face ! ''
a fuel tank explodes and the whole thing gets ripped into a million pieces . ''
` ` why do nt you just unhook all that stuff and send a natural bolt of lightning through the damn thing ? ''
` ` lets get in here and get this thing on the ground . ''
` ` do you think this thing is safe ? ''
toss that thing as far as you can , then hit the ground and hold your breath . ''
you re going to need a backboard , you ll never get that thing where we need it .
are you sure that thing was a gate ?
she smiled teasingly , posed in a skimpy , semi see - through satin and lace nighty , obviously the only thing covering her beautiful bare skin from his sex - starved , wide - alert eyes .
that s because it is me ; there in that darn thing , the man replied .
it was like a chameleon ; it was the only thing on the work area deck , and it blended in perfectly with the pale blue concrete floor epoxy .
a horrid , little , black thing with even stranger silver things attached to it , almost like wires , sat in a plastic holder on top of the monitor .
i m looking through this thing and i m trying to make it jive with what you re saying , but i ca nt , molloy said , where , in this book , in this notion of a human god or aeon or whatever , is the punishment and reward ?
when jesus calmly explained that the game was over , and he had won , samson became furious and knocked the whole thing over .
well , aside from just being a thing in itself , a mark on the wall , its also a representation .
dizzy , distressed , she sat behind her desk and picked up the thing closest to her .
why did you even buy the freaking thing ?
she had to stop herself from smashing the damn thing against the wall .
beta was smoking like a chimney , the poor thing .
this patch thing blew my brain cells out , totally from left field , and the fact that none of us brainiacs ever even thought of it !
the missing link , he whooped , damn it , chen , you can still honk on that thing !
you ve got to help me get that frigging thing back in before the nurse comes in at six .
we have been working on this thing for a while .
as for the table foundation , syznic has sunk millions into the thing .
now that we have the hang of that yew lube thing , and that goofy yak , ill check in with you later tonight .
put that damn thing out and just lie still , damn it .
you know , chen , for all the things we have been through together , i would say this is probably the most outrageously insufferable miles from nowhere , and we come to this place and the one bloomin thing i bring along for my own pleasure on this friggin excursion earth to shankus , its just a guitar .
shank fired up the motor and the thing actually started .
we can boogie , first thing in the morning .
perrypharm can bring this thing to market , faster , and better .
you think boffin syznic can really get this thing past the regulators ?
we can , and make this thing widely available .
do you have that thing rolling ?
we can own the goddamned thing !
damn it , pete , we are here to bury this thing , and not put out a copycat !
the cat 's out of the bag now , and my brainiacs at mccool tell me that if syznic gets this thing out onto the market unopposed , he 'll control maybe 8 % of the entire economy in the next two years .
sir william gallows is a killer , mate , the real thing .
a brisk breeze flaps the fabric of her skirt about quite merrily , and her cute little sweater is the only thing that is keeping the flimsy thing from blowing away altogether !
turn down the volume on that thing , pete , and please keep your voice down , while you 're at it .
was n't this patch thing supposed to enable solitude , renewal , harmony , and all of that other happy crap ?
take that damn thing off , like right away !
i ' m just making sure if it 's the real thing , sweetheart , and i think it 's a phony , a ringer !
i say we soak the fucking thing with gasoline and burn it .
i just had to play the big shot you did nt put that thing in his head , boss .
do it first thing tomorrow !
the first thing he did after we found out it was andi was to check for those things .
i started to crush the damn thing in my handnohe did nt deserve that .
besides , it was the only thing i could find in the time frame you needed ; it was either an m85 or nothing .
with the suppressor , ammo , and optics , the damn thing is forty pounds of long and awkward .
she had seen me shoot the damn thing .
this , this new ship , this thing , this could give a squadron of the co - operative navy cause for concern .
i thought for a moment then walked over to a specific spot , my secret place , it was where i had hid my things so my siblings would n't steal them .
a black thing .
you 're a nice looking thing , are n't you ? ''
were the cruel monsters who created this thing .
better put that thing down then , before you do something disappointing .
if you do nt believe me ill quite happily use that thing on myself .
are you going to pilot this thing down there ?
you ca nt really be ready to try that thing on humans !
throw that archaic thing away before you get some disease .
it was the only thing that could quiet the effects of the ultra - epi .
brian pushed it across the tray with the forceps and flipped it over , examining the rectangular thing the size of a grain of rice .
does this thing tell them where to send the un - men ?
i ' m going to get rid of this thing .
forget about that thing .
it 's the only thing that works .
a battered old thing with faulty lights , but it had been maintained by fleet mechanics used to decrepit hardware and still ran well.it was bit small for his lanky frame , but easy to manage for an inexperienced land - driver .
he needed something to soften his account before they were deposited at the evac centre , but on a ship of this size such a thing should not be difficult to find .
the dresus had dragged one back as salvage once , a huge , curvilinear thing with a smooth plated hull .
still , dresus crew had got a fine reward for the thing , enough to fund a week on the town for everyone and more for the officers , even though it had been damaged and shut down .
we d be less easy to spot inside than attached to the hull , sir , and partially protected by this thing 's armour .
this thing must be huge .
the bridge is working on sifting out the interference from this thing 's hull , hopefully without giving us away .
if we can get this thing working we might not have to rely on the enemy being stupid to get out of this with our heads .
this thing is nt going to hide us .
no agent would be anywhere near the thing once it was transmitting .
can you knock him out with that thing ?
they normally do nt , waste of effort , but you re assuming i can get the bloody thing started at all !
he searched for the familiar pattern of welds and bolts revealing the structures of the armour , but the thing was consistent if not smooth .
to go into a fight in such a thing ?
it was a tiny thing , barely thicker or longer than a fountain pen , and it had enough charge left to have done the deed .
this thing had a crew once .
i m getting readings which are definitely oxygen to carbon dioxide ratios , temperature , humidity that sort of thing .
the tren stick curves and ramps in their architecture to emulate natural forms , and this thing is several steps beyond that .
damn trens in love with the thing .
this is a main vein - thingy and , at least as far as ops , it does nt have any branches you could mistake for the real thing , only recognisable rooms .
one will be on the port side mirroring ops and another two should be rear of the hangar looking after the main engines or whatever this thing has instead of engines .
for cleaning parasites off the hull , worming , clearing digestive blockages , that kind of thing .
a beautiful thing .
take any three - to - four - kilogram ferrous projectile , place it in this thing , and watch as it gets shot up to about oh , three kilometres a second .
anyway , seriously , this thing is already obsolete , she said , suddenly relaxing and flashing a knowing smirk .
instead , this thing just jumps itself from place to place .
even if we get to a lagrangian point , we do nt want them to know that we ve kept up development on the thing .
well , anyway , see , the micro - controller is an eight - bit system , and whatever fuck - monkey coded this thing was passing in eight - bit numbers , right , but you see , its expecting a signed more layman , if you please .
who knows why they would keep this thing in the cockpit .
is nt that just the coolest , most awesome thing you ve ever seen ?
put that damn thing away .
that thing could be a live ordnance ?
i want that thing moved to a different cargo bay .
we have nukes that can fit inside a suitcase , and this thing is big enough for me to sit on .
warrant officer , destroy that thing !
i think i regret turning this thing over to your crew .
spending a moment looking at the humble thing in her hand , she stepped over to the jump system and waited until kamal had his key ready too .
the toralii were pretty far away when they fired that thing .
we had all the engineers we could sparepretty much anyone i could bribe , coerce or tear away from the tehranpiece this fucking thing back together .
now if only the damn thing would work .
the neat little hole it left , just to the left of the centre , seemed like such a tiny thing , but it was enough to bring the red - suited toralii crashing limply to the deck of the operations room , collapsing like a puppet with its strings cut .
and if i ever catch that thing in your pocket again , i m going to throw you overboard myself .
the whole thing looked like it was held together with a few nails , a little bit of luck , and not much else .
i grab the first thing i can find and wipe up the mess .
i pull it off and joshua strips a piece of fabric from his undershirtthe only mildly clean thing on himand wraps my arm .
it flickered and wobbled , and the sound often faded in and out , but the battered plact was a comfort thing .
will the damn thing work or not ? '
not a nice shiny attractive black , but a dull , angular , single plasma drive thing , bristling with laser canons , so it was no surprise when the space legend himself appeared at the top of the ramp as the hatch opened .
' just how old is that thing ? '
' any indicators on this thing ? '
does that thing look like a rock to you ? '
' you get that thing over to your geology den and we 'll take a proper look at it . '
he was sure he could easily lift the object without giving himself a hernia , but the extended arm of the grabber gave him a little unfounded comfort if the thing did explode .
janie said , ' grab that damn thing and come on out of there . '
' hoping i go bang and take this thing with me ? '
potts said , ' is it just me , or is that thing glowing brighter than when we first saw it ? '
potts said , ' it 's a bit late to give this thing due respect .
' if you take any one thing with you from my class , i 'd like it to be this .
the chamber had been deemed out of bounds to unauthorised personnel and the thing itself was housed in a safe , untouched for a week .
' just do n't mess with the damn thing . '
' is this thing so damned valuable ? '
where 's the indicators on this thing ?
slow the damn thing down , will you ? '
' so 's the thing you built . '
under that tunic thing .
' i ' m guessing this thing pumps clean air around the place , ' said dillow , passing a hand over a vent in a large machine covering one half of the room .
stop your hands shaking that thing and put it back carefully in the safe .
we ca n't risk this thing being kept open for long .
' come on , you damned thing .
misty said , ' you set the bloody thing off ?
look at that thing go .
' kick the damn thing down if you have to , just get out of there and over to the lines . '
get that thing out of you and come back !
if you 're not digging your fingers into that thing like your life depends upon it you 're not gon na have any force behind your attacks and the knife will just get knocked from your hand .
that thing sounds like my electric razor when it hits a rough patch of stubble !
that poor thing has been baking in the sun like a tomato , said luciele , grabbing her nose .
this thing should be huge .
they mainly seem to be just government departments , junior civil servants , that kind of thing .
i have a horrible feeling that were going to end up adopting this thing .
damn thing is frozen stiff .
chapter four i never did care much for museums anywayif a thing still works , work it .
* * * edmond tested the weight of the thing in his palm .
how good are you with that thing ?
he rechecked the first page , then the last , and finally let the whole thing fall to his lap .
we ca nt get started working on anything until we have the thing we need to get this thing running again .
we ca nt get started working on anything until we have the thing we need to get this thing running again .
this thing would explode 5 seconds after a pencil is put into it with the force of an actual military grade grenade .
what the hell was that thing ?
the only thing i found that remotely gave us any clue were beakers and science - related things .
i swear this thing looked like a sweaty fat guy painted dark blue with huge beetles crawling under his skin .
ash you can do it , just look at this thing on the top and shoot using it .
you poor thing , she said , picking it up .
you want to take this thing with us ?
now all you have to do is drive around and keep ahead of the wolves while using this thing to single out the demon .
he had to get that thing off of him quick .
besides satisfying your techno - lust , how will that thing help us ?
this thing was already a work of art when we found it , from the construction to the coding .
nicolas looked like he was about to faint , artificial intelligencegunsnukestheres no way i m letting you keep that thing .
eventually she said , sorry dmitri , but i think that thing is too dangerous for you .
it felt like the whole thing was on fire .
my , but its hot in this thing , declared the man .
he hunched even closer , almost pressing his face to the thing , and with a miniscule screwdriver he inserted an even smaller screw .
he heaved one side of the thing on which he was working onto the bed and carefully lined up long thin needles and thick bolts on the end of it with the corresponding holes in the hideous amalgam of metal and flesh that was the patients stump of a shoulder .
the scientist then flipped a clasp onto its lock and pulled the lever tight , forcing prongs into holes and securing the thing to the patient .
once far enough into the wood so as not to be easily seen , they parked the car and gathered their things .
you have to take that radio thing and continue the mission !
if this thing shakes any more its going to fall right on top of me , he thought .
cracks ran up and down the tank , spreading slowly until finally the whole thing burst , releasing a flood of the gooey fluid .
finally , the string appearsa ghostly , wriggling thing the whitecoats call a visualization .
michaels father hated the thing , but he was required to have two of them active at all times during business hours , one in the kitchen and another in the dining room .
unlike his father , michael actually liked the stupid thing .
whoever had tossed the thing had broken federal law .
it was a heavy , folded thing with two flaps of leather that buttoned together on the inside .
he d have to get rid of that thing , shovel it down flat or something .
your brother - in - law discovered this data crystal somewhere in the house , before saturnalis rendered the thing temporarily legal .
everard hid the thing in the twelfth night pudding , knowing it would not come to light until a few hours before the anti - tech sanction descended once more .
i did nt have time to read the thing .
he had a clubfoot and his orthopedic shoe was a leathery , clunky thing , obviously uncomfortable .
things had fallen into place .
` ` you see that big rock like thing we 're about to hit ? ''
i like it , now where s the headlights on this thing ?
then all we d have to do is somehow get the black in between them , and turn the thing on , pete chipped in .
` ` i 'd love the chance to fly that thing . ''
the shield is currently the only thing keeping the time dilation field alive so dropping a few nukes into the enemy fleet at the exact moment the shield moves will destroy them all , but wo nt scratch the surface of alpha .
i have just the thing , replied dan , pushing a few buttons on the console in front of him .
that sounds like the kind of thing we need , said trixi .
the thing he saw , sitting on the desk , was a large , spotted animal .
` ` okay , i understand , but what 's the big deal about these plans , from what it looks like , it would take enough money to run a medium sized country just to build , and if anyone were building this thing , you 'd know about , so why worry ? ''
you put it in a nutshell , if you do n't help , this thing will be built and society will crumble in the onslaught that will follow the destruction of the technology that we have all come to depend on .
you could find this thing that they want , and not get burned in the process . ''
` ` we ' ve tried adding on more units , but they either overload the system and shut the whole thing down , or activate with no cause determined . ''
` ` well , the fire was a while ago , plenty of time to construct whatever this thing is .
for a split second , things were quiet in the forest .
` ` yeah , i got one of those myself , cheap ass thing . ''
it was the only thing that looked tech .
even if you find something that you like , every place in the medina has the same thing .
` ` no , i ' m not saying that , it 's just that i only serve drinks , pretzels , olives , that kind of thing .
` ` i ca n't trade this thing for drinks ? ''
` ` oh , it 's this thing that ray is letting some earth worms build .
' so , correct me if i ' m wrong , ' i say , trying to get my head around it , ' the book of light , the most powerful thing in the universe , is out there now with a cat and a dog , an owl and a lion running around after it . '
i use the wormy telescopey thing sometimes .
' poor thing , ' i say to him .
' you poor thing ! '
' sweet little earthling , be a good girl and give us that thing you have in your pocket , ' says the tall one with the greasy jacket .
removing her box of special things from its hiding place in the twisted roots of the old olive tree , petra takes out the book .
is there anything in that thing we might need for evidence ?
the people walked away disappointed but knew they could come first thing in the morning .
it would be in our best interest to figure out how this thing works , jake said while he looked the ray gun over .
damn thing is broken , jake said while he tapped on the ray gun .
it is a tiny thing that runs off your bodys own electricity .
you have got to teach me to use that thing .
where on my body is the thing ?
so the pain thing is turned on i guess ?
the thing was as large as a football field and within its bowl colors and designs shifted and glowed like the largest kaleidoscope markman had ever seen .
the thing just appeared out of nowhere .
he pulled out onto the road and had to overcome doubt that he might not be actually driving the thing .
is the blasted thing shut off again ?
the thing is a curse .
those people inside that thing fear for their lives when threatened .
perhaps he stood partially and grabbed the thing without realizing it .
how can we make an opening in that thing ?
that s another part of the beauty of this thing .
the weight of the thing surprised him as he pulled up the hood and wrapped the front closed .
twist that thing full open , will you ?
though some of tels shiny , silver exoskeleton was armored , there was still a certain grace about the thing .
were being irresponsible with that thing .
standing in front of the pack , one of them called out to markman , hey , non - qual , you know that pointy thing is the end that shoots , right ?
you realize his image is the last thing a few entire armies have seen .
who would ve thought that at the crucial moment the damn thing would go haywire !
` ` it 's not that innovative , you know , they invented this thing in 2010 '' , commented seth .
i just forgot to wind the damn thing , shed say .
the thing towered a full two meters above the pedestal , even without its head .
yes , but they ll be back first thing in the morning doing something , even if its just running around in circles .
he s really sweet , he can do all kinds of things .
yeah , the damn thing looked strong enough to tear down walls bare handed .
with th - that thing ?
my gosh , jack said , this thing weighs a ton .
darnedest thing , jimmy said .
i m ready to tear the damn thing out .
just the thing for a slow work day , huh ?
they looked like the real thing , but were made of synthetic material .
let me burn this stupid thing first , star said .
i do nt think i can operate that thing , winston said .
i d probably just run myself through with the damn thing !
edward tossed the thing away and jumped into the drivers seat .
i wish that dang thing would talk already , star said .
lets see if we can talk some sense with that thing .
that thing is totally wacko , iri muttered .
the damned thing was speaking to him !
hey man ... the thing said weakly , then flickered out as it used up the last of its auxiliary power .
take the goddam thing , i say .
take it back , i said , but by that time they were worshipping the damn thing .
they re taking the damn thing to my workshop for an overhaul , rackenfauz said .
sure thing , winston said .
give me that damn thing , metal man !
unfortunately he d stepped on it while getting up and the thing was squashed flat as a pancake .
gingerly , eli scooped the slimy thing up and tucked it into one of the many pockets in his pants .
the thought of being trapped in a metal ball with that thing was too terrifying for phyre to contemplate .
he grabbed the gears and hung on as the whole thing crashed down on its side .
the whole thing cracked open like an egg .
jesus , jean , do you think i want to spend all my time in this thing acting like a furby for people to play with ?
i heard what happened but i did nt know you were bringing the thing in .
and people just buy this thing , like , after somebody in their familys died ?
you think dad will ever tear this thing down ?
if he does nt get this thing trimmed , it will kill him .
what was this mechanical thing and where had it come from ?
the al203 telescope is a clunky thing , and with it , klesians can see earth , but earth can not see klesia .
either way , izzian would n't dare touch the programming of the thing and he was a prankster well - known for producing large scale shenanigans .
` ` is this thing on ? ''
would n't it be easier just to shrink the thing , rather than lug it all the way home ? ''
just do n't open the thing . ''
but on earth , his plascreen had gone rogue and since it was located behind his eyes , he could n't even remove the irksome thing .
you must have some wacky creatures and weird plants and things .
she accepted the presented beverage with politeness , but struggled to hold the thing .
first , she had to turn the thing on , which was one of the reasons we had to send someone in person to do the job .
` ` i know all about you , mrs . aloris j. maddlington and i 'll give you one warning - you had better leave izzian and me alone and let us get on with our livesand if you care about that thing growing on your face , you 'll tell it the same thing , '' she added , shocking both izzian and maddlington at the mention of the woman 's large mole .
` ` this thing is amazing ! ''
` ` whoa , this thing is full of tricks . ''
who could have made such an incredible thing ? ''
` ` where did this thing come from ? ''
` ` i ' ve got to go outside and try this thing out , before i kill myself in here . ''
` ` see you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` and , keeps things in their place , '' jenny added .
its going to take a long time to work out exactly what this thing is doing .
i did not find any such thing , but i discovered , under the bed , the note i had so lovingly penned to him .
what sort of engine do you suppose is propelling the thing ?
xander , juliana , perhaps , morgan certainly would have understood the complicated apparatus , but i had little interest in how the thing worked ; it was quite obvious that it did .
i do hope there is a way to close this thing ; it would be a terrible shame for one of the guests to wander too close in their condition .
we did nt see any aircraft , and no , the wind was nt blowing , and no , the thing was nt hot , and yes , it looked like a round rock .
the sheriff called the town carpenter and told him to fix the doors to the morgue first thing and to keep his mouth shut about it .
` ` no , you wo n't , '' eliott said , ` ` because i ai n't never going to do a thing to make you want to beat me like that . ''
there s not a country in the world that did nt claim a shot at understanding the damn thing , how the hell it floated and where the hell it came from .
rupert had taken his position , to love the block , phil was still resigned to smashing the thing , yank or no yank .
you ve come all the way from america to see the feckin thing , we should make it special .
he planned on spending the rest of his life in dublin never having stood by the useless thing and here he is now , in the back of a taxi , hoping sarah opens the door to the back seat so she s sat beside him .
you ve been giving the block shit all night , sarah challenges , what s your problem with the thing ?
hauser just grabs the thing like there s no risk .
mac , that stuff on your ranch could be from one of the things that people have been seeing flying around in the area .
i pointed to the thing at the other end of the building .
we had to break the thing .
this thing had just wires and some bulges in the wires at certain points .
there was some kind of projection or viewing thing in this room where you could see a map of the stars .
take that ugly thing away from me !
the few wood elven homes however were built high up in the branches of the trees , for long ago we discovered this to be a necessary thing to stay clear of enemys both natural and contrived .
he took me to my room and bowing low told me that he hoped i would have a good night and he would be back to escort me to the abbey first thing in the morning , he then waited , looking about as if he suspected someone to sneak up on us with suspicious intent .
i thought of the people i had met , the things i had seen and done , the places i had been .
i offered the picture to the ognodess who did nt move or acknowledge me so i put my hand upon her shoulder and as i touched her robes they fell away revealing just dusty bones some of which powdered at the movement of the robe and then the whole thing crashed to the floor and lay still .
i then noticed that these ognods were dressed differently from my escort , for one thing the clothing in which they were adorned was much thicker than my escort wore suggesting that they were resident perhaps here in the snowy mountains for they also wore thick fur lined caps upon their heads with heavy leather ear protectors .
tnie was intent on walking around the thing inspecting it from every angle as if trying to satisfy himself that it was ok , or that it was complete .
all of a sudden nw cried out and shouted , yell nay place those things on my arms , ye little swabs .
the gnome that fired the weapon was waiving the tube thing in his hand around menacingly .
as we stepped down onto the deck of the craft it moved taking a little dip down which was most disconcerting as it felt like it would drop , but some automated feature in the control of the thing readjusted the height of the craft automatically compensating for the weight aboard .
at this nw did so and placing his elbows on his knees he slowly opened his hand and revealed a piece of parchment the same as the one i was holding , in fact each of us revealed a similar thing nestled in the palm of each of our hands .
at this tnie grunted , well they wo nt have a clue what to do with the thing that s for sure , but it does intrigue me to wonder what tezrin is going there for .
the fine looking vessel had three masts and although not overly displaying much in the way of ornate wooden carving , the one thing she did have was a charming well carved figure head of a beautiful woman with long flowing hair , which was a good thing because her hair was the only thing she wore to keep her modesty .
tnie appeared on deck holding something long and thin , i looked closely and saw it was his rifal , he seemed to snap the thing in two , it folded in the middle , he then reached into one of the little boxes that he had been given by jdc which he had placed at his feet on the deck and slid something into the rifal and snapped it closed again .
they are elven runic leaf blades , tieassharbernoctlothnien in our own tongue , you should be proud that our race had the skills to fashion such things once , or even still has , although i have not come across many swords such as these let alone any smith with the knowledge and skill to fashion such weapons .
where did you get him from , i have never seen such a lovely thing serinae , you are so lucky to have such marvellous things ?
nw , who with his eyes could also quite plainly see this thing said , i have lived out m life in these ere mountains , neer have i spied anything liken t this before , it dunny bode well i fear .
other areas of the building housed benches and many dwarves were hard at work doing what looked like repairs to the applecarts , others were fabricating things .
the dwarf felt sickened again thinking about the arcane forces that had transported him through the thing , the portal he supposed , into this underground , this place , this void .
this time i shouted out what i had to say , listen to me , it was the necklace , the thing that the dwarf ablik threw into the portal !
the most surprising thing however where a pair of leathery looking wings , small things that did nt look large enough to carry the creatures obvious great weight in flight .
she stepped forward and opening her hand showed the thing that the old ognod had given her .
i looked at the thing she held , it was obviously the fore leg of the great beast that had charged us .
i was aghast as i saw that it had been sliced through cleanly just above the next joint , the elbow joint i presumed , blood dripped onto the floor as serinae grimaced and threw the gruesome thing at her feet .
she kept the last for herself , she looked at it , such a small thing in her hand before she whispered , and one from the ognods .
i pointed at this thing and both serinae and retta looked to where i was pointing .
jym was nt taking any chances ; he d seen what this thing could do .
no wonder your arm snapped like a twig when this thing hit you .
this thing truly was primitive .
that thing can help me get back home .
it was the kind of thing that should have had some nasty security all over it to keep her out , which made it a curiosity to lexel .
your only success has been in creating a meager play thing for you to waste countless valuable resources on for your own enjoyment .
besides , the only thing remotely related to fighting with fire he was equipped with was emergency extinguishing foam , and it was only useful in fighting against a fire .
the young woman was a very good wet nurse , her strong young blood , was just the thing to help his little son grow .
arn took one look at the young woman and the green thing on her back .
he was angry that the merchant , offered him such a thing , if the elders of the tribe had caught him with the crystals , he would be made an outcast and that was something , he never wanted to be .
she reached out and touched one of the small red crystals ; such a tiny thing to give so much pleasure , how silly to believe all the dark stories ... silly stories for little children .
andra saw the pleased look on the old man 's face , well just do nt teach him too many words , its hard enough , listening to you all day long , without that thing , talking my ear off .
andra looked at arn , does that thing have a name ?
inside the queen was busy , tidying up and putting things in their proper place .
arn rose suddenly and began to gather up the few things they 'd brought with them , come , we have to go deeper into the cave now .
she was the only thing in the room that had any meaning to anais .
i 'll bet it took this person a long time to build this thing .
zack said : todd that s really hard to say because in the right setting at the right auction , this thing could be literally worth millions .
todd replied : because this thing has been a curse to me since the day i got it , you have the photos ; that s all you ll need .
jon woke with a start and his hand closed like a trap , the small creature tried to bit his captor but jon held on and examined the thing in his hand .
take this thing to food processing the commander said quietly , and i want this station operational in quick - time !
` ` yes , well , they never explained exactly how to get the damned thing there . ''
` ` let me guess , you think since it seems familiar to me i might be able to pilot the thing ? ''
` ` bri , once this thing is decoded i want you to radio me immediately and pass on what in the hells it is saying . ''
each is a contained unit sort of thing , but they do venture outside of their designated cells when they need to in order to advance their mission . ''
high command was just going to store the thing for ten years then scrap it anyway . ''
` ` let 's get out of here , before that thing blows ! ''
` ` and the whole thing would shatter and fall to pieces ... '' will mused .
` ` it 's this thing , put that lever back where it was . ''
could be a long wait , this thing is pretty much sensor - less but should be able to detect a ship emerging from hyper - light anywhere within the sector .
` ` good , '' he muttered , ` ` voice recognition is installed on this thing . ''
angela barked ` ` this thing is n't strong enough to withstand a blast like that ! ''
` ` do you take me for a complete fool , you have surely covered that thing with little tiny copies of yourself .
` ` anyway , we should probably fire this thing into a sun as soon as we can .
` ` i ' m done running , '' jacob snarled at the thing he held in his hands before him .
i will leave first thing in the morning when we go to hunt .
we only had one thing to wear .
the thing was rusted all over and was practically falling apart in her hands .
less than a minute later we came to a large metal cage in the same condition as the thing morome found .
this metal thing would fit perfectly .
the only thing in there was a small desk in front of a large wood door .
there s no reason for that sort of thing to be lying around , giving false hope .
not even like we can make a run for it in this thing .
at the least we ve given them a good scare , and when they fire that thing they ll wreck this ship .
this thing got any weapons ?
lets go explore , see if there s any food or water on this thing .
time to see how big a punch this thing has .
he was a hulky thing .
this greeg planet is supposed to be an unshapely thing made up of random conglomerations .
hundreds of years before the kulmoog came into fruition , a small group of rebellious lincran townsfolk ( apparently sick and tired of having to walk into the next county in order to legally tie up their horse / horse - like - antiquated - mammal - transportation - thing while they indulged themselves at the tavern / socialization - through - intoxication - establishment ) set in motion plans to acquire an eternally binding clause in which they would control ownership of the parking area of downtown lincra and thus be free to get as intoxicated as possible without having to worry about the long stumble to the horse / horse - like - antiquated - mammal - transportation - thing .
hundreds of years before the kulmoog came into fruition , a small group of rebellious lincran townsfolk ( apparently sick and tired of having to walk into the next county in order to legally tie up their horse / horse - like - antiquated - mammal - transportation - thing while they indulged themselves at the tavern / socialization - through - intoxication - establishment ) set in motion plans to acquire an eternally binding clause in which they would control ownership of the parking area of downtown lincra and thus be free to get as intoxicated as possible without having to worry about the long stumble to the horse / horse - like - antiquated - mammal - transportation - thing .
the many moons and asteroids were slung around the new mini - star in circles like a lasso , with each one eventually smashing into the planetglomerate ( making what was already a hideously ugly thing into a true monstrosity . )
what 's this thing ?
as it so happens , i ' m a generous man , err ... thing , and i can tell that you 're a man who knows greegs and needs a job .
wilx programmed in the coordinates and set the whole thing to loop for several hours before returning to the regular johnny guitar broadcast .
for all we know , hell want them to go to new york first thing .
in a half a mile and you ll see this weird looking thing that looks like a railroad bridge .
there s no such thing around here !
we had absolutely no business on this thing .
i ai nt taking that thing , the gondolier said , pointing at my bike .
i gripped the sides of the chair , if that thing went off it would take out everything in a twelve mile radius , and all the people outside the twelve miles but within fifty miles would spend the rest of their short pain - racked lives wishing they d been nearer .
well , this stupid thing is so slow , he said .
there were people outside the shop but they were more in a huddle than a queue , and the only thing they had in their hands was the fetid air .
she was the only thing in the room that was nt spinning just for the briefest moment .
that s exactly what you said before , you horrid thing .
of course i do nt mind , you daft thing !
what do you think is inside that thing ?
they re looking for signals in the electromagnetic spectrum radio signals , visible light , microwave signals , that kind of thing .
the mind knew all about monopoly , for it had access to both donnas memory and dawns , and it would have had no difficulty at all in creating a quality product with tiny houses made of wood instead of cheap plastic and a golden goblet for throwing dice as well as dollar bills that were practically indistinguishable from the real thing .
i managed to track back to the thing your spirit detector saw , but it was a bit hit and miss , and now i ve lost it again .
we could have random mutation cards , which give you extra claws , venomous stings , vicious horns , that kind of thing , and then there would be cosmic catastrophe cards asteroids hitting the earth , global warming , stuff like that which wipe out 90 % of the population of your species .
look , civilized people do nt eat that kind of thing .
we blew the whole thing up .
that thing , that thing is useless .
we ve got to get this thing repaired quickly or get out of here , doug said .
wait , where s the safety on this old thing ?
` ` look at that stupid thing , '' andy said , ` ` laughing at us . ''
` ` thing 'll be too heavy to carry , '' andy said finally .
i yelled , ` ` get this thing offa me ! ''
move this god damn thing away !
` ` it 's strong as hell this thing , '' i said , our guns aiming a constant laser at the central elevator shaft metal pillar .
turn the thing off , or ill kill you right heredamn you !
he knows how to fly that thing , martina said .
this thing is hot as hell !
how long do you think it would take to put that thing together and get it installed ?
i had come to the conclusion that hope was a thing for fools and fairy tales .
hang on , buddy , i 'll get this thing on you and you will be breathing fresh air in no time .
you do n't have to ask my permission to scan the thing .
and look at the back end of this thing .
we ve taken solid hits from their weapons before , but nothing like the power this thing would expel .
if you can give me three shots at that thing ... one here , one here , and here , i think we can push back its production by a good six months .
then i say we take this thing out of range and do a test firing .
get that thing charging !
this thing is made to fire in one direction and one direction only .
that thing is too heavily defended .
i overcompensated and managed to slam into the outer hull of that thing .
i made a slow circuit of the floor and did nt find a thing , so i headed down to the third floor .
i started walking past the ruins of a bathhouse , another thing that did n't belong on the grounds of a massachusetts estate , only a single wall and doorframe standing , a few jacuzzis bubbling invitingly .
` ` ok , let 's see if we can get off this thing . ''
we should nt be playing with this thing .
it was true that the structure had a self - destruct mechanism that would initiate a nuclear reaction if activated , but who would use such a thing ?
when everyone was settled in and the murmuring died down , kira whispered to kaya , do you still have the thing we found ?
kaya frowned , and with an uncomfortable look she said , they came back for the thing we found in the woods , or at least that s what i thought at first .
wow this thing can really do anything , ca nt it ?
not many are lucky enough to own their own shuttles , so i guess i had better show you how to fly this thing .
shoving the entire thing in her mouth she chewed in tranquility , wondering if she should find a place to take a nap .
pulling up the scans of the settlement , it looked like the entire thing was encompassed by a gargantuan wall that was several yards wide .
you ve been coming in here for ages and have always ordered the same thing .
the only thing on the door was a simple brass plate with 111 stamped into it .
i ca nt believe you wear the same thing in every era and in every country and do nt get pegged as out of place , stated pierce taking in the uniform .
he s not bluffing because whiskey is not the only thing they ve got on that wagon .
standing up he slowly paced the small room , staring at the only thing on the beige coloured walls , a giant mirror .
were supposed to intercept a sea going schooner in that thing ? !
you still have that thing ?
a finely crafted thing that should serve the job of keeping the childs companion sheltered nicely .
lets just focus on finding whatever this thing is before i start to run out of beds .
ca nt the peace - keepers handle that thing , gabriel offered as an excuse to ease his fears .
and yet as gabriel closed to stand before him with vedia right behind the lamps light cast the thing in the dim edge of its illumination .
just the kind of thing that should do nicely in a pinch should she require to face something up close .
make sure to load up on all the mass slugs you can carry for that thing , vedia advised as she slipped the axe to hang at her back .
this thing was something like what gabriel had shown them when he transformed , some abominable alteration that was neither man nor beast .
the thing was nt much good as a weapon , a tool the village furmaker had cast aside and forgotten before he had left with the others .
the poor things probably one intellectual level about the thing she s eating .
mind your dust one of these times , i m just gon na plow that damned thing into the ground , the sheriff growled .
henry turned the thing over in his fingers , considered .
my damned kid was playing with this thing last night .
planetary voodoo what s this thing ?
the thing was a good five feet on a side , covered in a heavy blanket , like most of the furniture downstairs .
this thing looks like its made out of jewelry .
frankly , with respect to the globes value i think everyones a little afraid , though i m at a loss to say why , considering its a rather difficult thing to steal .
he needed the thing .
hell , he could sell the thing for five percent of its value and get the dealership out of hock .
yknow , kandi said as she daubed a finger across her ruby lips , this thing would look real nice in the showroom .
this thing would be a real crowd pleaser .
i bet i could double my customer base if this thing was on display .
we ai nt sold the thing yet , vince .
he walked further into the room , toward the globe , noticing a fat , bald guy leaning close to the thing , studying it intently as he lapped at his vanilla ice - cream cone .
it had taken a week to get the thing delivered , vinces buddy raoul having finally come through on his promise to help .
upon bringing the the globe to the center of the main floor , the rarely - maintained hydraulics gave out six - inches from target , sending the whole thing crashing down .
the detail in this thing is incredible , fat baldy said , slurping at his cone .
yeah , wellraoul was drivin the thing , ergo he pays the piper .
that damned thing out there in the showroom .
if that thing gets damaged , jarvis will have my ass .
look at this thing .
if this dee guy made this thing back in the renaissance , how come it shows the u.s . ?
its not a perfect match to the real thing , though .
you have to get rid of this thing .
the thing would indeed grant him a sort of power - of - god .
you sure this thing will hold it ?
would they have a case to put the thing in ?
one jackrabbit start or lead foot on the brake and the thing would be bouncing all over the place .
putting thick straps around the thing , tightening themhow many people would be crushed under the pressure ?
hey , is nt he gon na strap that thing down ?
hey , i do nt want that thing gettin banged up .
j.j . was not the kind of man you wanted to piss off , but he did nt care , wondering instead if he could find something small and fine enough to press against just the right spot on the thing to crush the little weasel out of existence .
holy mother of godis that thing really- ?
i shoulda strapped the thing down .
eddie fought to keep the thing steady and true , nearly clipping the back of j.j.s sedan as it careened past them .
leslie stared at her latte cup , imagined her fingers close around it ever more tightly , the heavy paper warping and collapsing until hot coffee sloshed over the brim , the whole thing crushed within the iron grip of her quaking fist , the pulsating sensation within the flesh of her fingers an analog of joannes black heart pumping out its last before bursting .
the thing could swallow him whole .
he could pepper the thing with bullets , but he doubted he could do any damage that way .
calling this thing big was like saying the noonday texas sun was kinda bright .
this thing froze up again .
it took him almost an hour to explain to me that it was the thing connecting all the components , keeping the computer working .
i roll my sleeve up to get to my watchan old , rusty thing that i had to trade a lot of stuff forand move my wrist until a beam of moonlight falls on its face .
she was probably important when this thing was in use , but she s nobody now .
i twirl the thing between two fingers .
this door seems to be the only thing they did nt destroy .
i stumble through the door and fall onto the most comfortable thing i ve touched in weeksan actual armchair , with stuffing and an intact cover .
its in an alcove that has a huge bookcase stood before it , but i wrench the thing away , using all of my body strength , until i have full access to the door .
i m about to slip the thing onto my wrist when the inside of the golden box catches my attention .
i drop the thing and take the paper from the gilt case with trembling fingers .
william would have wanted the thing found and safely out of harms reach .
the journey is mercifully fast but i can not get out of the thing quick enough .
and then he laughs ; a sharp , chilling thing that goes straight through me .
i can understand why william would be involvedthe thing would need to be invented and designed by someonebut a doctor ?
it would help if we knew how exactly the device works , orhell ! what the damned thing even is .
i made itthat damned thing .
detach the lever completely if at all possible and the thing will be rendered useless to the olympiae .
a hinge is hidden in the metal and the whole thing folds outwards .
low , squat things made of wood and canvas boards , splattered with colour in the form of powders , paints , and fabrics .
a torch that dalmar brought is the only thing that stops me tearing my hair out .
that thing you had in your pocket .
he takes the thing off and returns it to me with a wretched expression on his face .
and you were looking for the energy thing when you put the bracelet on .
you re gon na get the thing and go back to your time either way , are nt you ?
to blow the whole thing up , timofei explains with a flourish of his hands .
what a brilliant ideato invent such a thing .
when the thing is set up , a mere half a minute after we exited the vault room , we make to return to the car but we are met with the chilling sight of a line of armed men .
i nod okay and he injects the thing into my left forearm .
the weapon our founder spoke about was the thing responsible for the sun flares .
the route has been altered , a guardian informs , looking at a small rectangular thing in his hand .
she would have created the thing but some of the elements needed had not been discovered and she had just made them up on the spot .
the engineers who were just doing the finishing touches on the engine outside in space hated to touch the thing because they knew what monster was inside .
the poor scientist was actually supposed to help me put on the freaking thing for the first time , but he had a strange fear of womens body parts so i just made him turn around and put it on myself .
i was braced myself for him to snap the thing in half .
an unnerving noise , i was considering if i would have time to walk over to the thing , turn it off , and get back to my seat in time .
gom had come to the conclusion i was an idiot : yeah , its a thing that covers your head to protect you .
lets just say you would nt be the only thing that fell apart .
geraldine turned to stone at the sight of the dirty little thing .
must be some sort of thing that makes sure the usm get no survivors .
it took the jell - o a moment to figure out how the massive thing worked , however she became trigger - happy when she figured the weapon out .
the thing was soon to reach its destination .
that was not the only strange thing in the corridor with the on - going equation running across the walls , but i noticed the red cross because i had a feeling it had to do with moi .
clutching the hard handle of the hatch , i managed to get the thing opened before requesting that data turned off my boots .
if he had the balls and had an impending fate , then he would certainly try and take the thing for a joyride .
` ` no idea but we need to know where the transmitter is for this thing .
` ` ok , now you can see what this thing looks like inside .
there are stations for six , which suggests that this thing means serious business '' said billy , pointing at the door marked ` ` armiloj kontrolo . ''
norgrove , i d like you to go back to the bridge and see if you can see how we might fly this thing .
as soon as he opened the door , he could tell immediately that the whole thing was fried .
as she watched the moving image , with will and kathy talking casually to the image - taker , she was intrigued ` ` how exactly does that thing work ?
that thing is streets ahead of what we have here and i d love for us to be able to have a good look at it . ''
sure thing , daddyo !
` ` well for starters there 's this thing in my hand , '' daniel said waving his gun .
that would nt work either ; the only thing underneath safe haven is the penitentiary , hannah replied .
i ca nt believe he survived i saw that thing sticking out of his chest , hannah said .
it 'd been the last thing her brother had given her , she 'd once explained to bert , and now she used it to gently cut the harness free , making careful to hold the catfish in what she called ` ` the claw '' so it would n't spine her with one of its painfully sharp fins .
it was without a doubt , the coolest thing he 'd ever seen , and he 'd just had his first look at an alien only minutes before !
i lay on that thing naked ? ''
` ` from the rate of decay that it 's suffering , we estimate maybe four days tops before this thing loses whatever it is that surrounds it . ''
add to these concerns the tickle that was growing in the back of his head that this thing could come abruptly to life , and everything could go horribly awry .
` ` we 're gon na secure that thing , '' the general said , hiking his thumb toward the ship , ` ` or heads are gon na roll ! ''
such a thing could super - evolve your species , if they were to gain access to our mainframe .
there 's no way that that thing ? ''
` ` but i think we know how awesome you thought that thing was , '' isara noted .
if you get this thing to communicate it will go well for you .
` ` putting this thing back where it belongs . ''
wow , said zack how tall is that thing ?
the thing you were drawing or doodling .
ayako had decided not to try out , starball not being her thing .
that thing is equipped with nukes .
when he gets back i m going to tear that thing apart and make it better than new .
turn the damn thing right side up , damn it !
imbria sat in the cockpit of the hopper in silence while stowik rearranged things that were already in their correct places .
if you kill me with that thing , you d really be trapped .
it was the only thing in the room .
we think that this thing was designed to be some kind of weapon .
that thing could hold at least a hundred people .
this thing is a moving fortress .
we ca nt fit fifty - one people inside of this thing .
and the only thing i own outright- my car !
so the only thing i actually owned was stolen .
she once headed to the area directly over the ship so she could see the entire thing at once .
every thing was functioning when marissa entered cryo with 050veres as the destination .
maybe this thing was useless in the first try but not the second .
he said as he pointed at the vine lying on the ground that is a very delicate thing and can cut if not revolved properly i will revolve it with all the care .
exactly , because till now there was no sign of aliens on this island , but all of a sudden this happens and we are here , with this filthy thing in our hands .
then i tried to pick it up again and man this thing suddenly got too much heavier lets do it together .
` ` is there any way to turn this thing off ? ''
i really hoped i never got into a situation where i would need the others to come in and rescue me because there was no way i could use the morse code transmitter ... thing ... on my new watch .
it was n't the easiest thing in the world to walk in my clunky new costume .
when it reached out to hand the thing to swan , he became frightened and retreated even closer to the edge of the cliff .
after a few moments the creature withdrew the thing and removed its skin , dropping it to the ground .
hey martin let me help you get that thing off your head .
do nt loose it or you ll have to chew your way into this thing .
is that thing up and running ?
it must be quit the thing .
martins trip to london was aboard the newest thing in the air .
martin ; what keeps this thing aloft .
hey mister , how does this thing fly ?
carbon fiber and other nano - mesh metals are at the heart of the thing .
its the next thing to a black hole .
the thing had thick , rubber tires , a solid glass windshield and headlights with what had to be halogen bulbs in it .
besides , how was i supposed to type on this ancient thing ?
how did he ever get work done on this antiquated thing ?
` ` smith , it causes cancer , it 's dangerous it ... '' he waved a hand and produced another thing i had n't seen in real life before - a book of matches .
as i tried to figure out where they got power to run the thing , she turned it on .
` ` how many trees would they have had to clear out to make that much pyramid , ruin - thing visible to a satellite ?
` ` that was the closest thing i ' ve ever come to experiencing perfection .
` ` so , what exactly does this thing say ? ''
he judged he 'd be able to squeeze through if he managed to get it off , praying the thing actually lead somewhere .
despite the small malfunction , this suit was quite simply the most amazing thing joe had ever seen in his life .
` ` can this thing work for danny ? ''
` ` are you sure you can use that thing danny ? ''
i just hope this thing works , '' he gestured to the suit .
krieger handled the weapon as if it were the easiest thing in the world .
as he picked it up , the weapon sparked angrily at him ; the central coil that surrounded the barrel and assumedly made the whole thing fire , had been badly damaged .
whisper looked at the disc , and then back to agrippina , ` ` what is this thing ? ''
joe nodded , ` ` are you sure you can fly that thing ? ''
` ` gun this thing now ! ''
he reached into his fatigues and pulled out the strange disc whisper had given him , ` ` doc , what the hell is this thing ? ''
` ` doc , do you know what this thing is ? ''
way to go yune , this thing actually works !
whisper snapped his head towards isabella , ` ` land this goddamn thing already ! ''
my eyes sparkle as i raise my right hand , a thin , weak thing compared to the destructive force of nature charging to claim us .
i need it back , though ; apparently its a super tough thing to find .
now here i am , buying the darn thing from you .
then the damn thing went off early and both reg and jack were caught in the blast .
in russells opinion people would be better off saving their money and using the real thing instead of plastic , guaranteeing they could definitely afford it because they would already have paid for it .
i accidentally did something that set the thing off early .
she was sure he could touch the bridge of his nose with that thing , not to mention do whatever else with it .
the way the damn thing was riding up , as it was supposed to , he could be sure to stay focused the whole blooming time .
thankfully , however , whoever designed the thing had taken that into account .
he did nt even know when the damn thing was going to go off .
well , i do nt think the thing will go off while your friends are here .
i bet they never got around to taking the thing apart though , replied ged .
ai n't this thing operational ?
then get that thing outta ' the way , dan ordered .
` ` then i 'll take a fighter and fly straight into the damn thing , '' dan shouted , getting agitated .
nasty men put junah in a wheely thing and carry him away .
i crouched , then took a flashlight from under my bed and shone it onto the thing in my lap , whisking the dust off it .
the diary is the only thing that can stop the dead , i thought , and opened it to the back page .
i ve lost count of how many times i ve tried the damn thing , but still it comes up with a black screen and nothing more .
but , the tv says i do nt care what that thing says .
my hand fumbles with the key for a second or two , attempting to push the stupid thing into the little ignition hole .
i browsed the tables eagerly looking for that one thing i needed .
he reached for his belt and pulled the spray out of its holster , briefly wondering if the damn thing could possibly be out of date , and as much use as a can of deodorant .
and that thing over there , my god , i- '' ` ` no murder weapon , '' michael interrupted .
rachel released her grip on the handle of her suitcase ( trolley - style , thank god , given the weight of the thing ) and fished around her pockets for her cigarettes and a lighter .
i can barely work the thing well enough to have my wife and kids ' numbers on there . ''
` ` got a little ' x ' where the signal thing usually is . ''
the long years of solitude had practically neutered him , driving away all of his baser desires for the company of women , but finding one in such distress on his very doorstep , a pretty young thing so vulnerable , so powerless to refuse his advances , had awakened a monumental sleeping hunger inside him , and now the passing hours were marked with that delicious , rapacious appetite growing until it ached inside him , secure in the knowledge that it would be satisfied .
he wants me to ride that thing ?
not that he knew how to drive the thing .
it is the most amazing thing i have ever seen , what do you mean this terminal ?
they took their sandwiches , and two cups ; then went to what was the first really familiar thing henry had seen all day a coca cola soda fountain .
no , but you saw something , did nt you ; with that creepy natural thing ?
if i pull this thing out in front of the other jsas , they re going to think i got some special favor .
turn that thing off , logan .
better than having to face a crowd of strangers first thing in the morning .
he grabs a sword off the floor and the only thing near me is a shield .
we wear the same thing and ill be the laughing stock at school all year round .
you re not going to steal that thing , are you ?
how does this thing work ?
i mean , what does this thing do ?
how d you get that thing in here ?
the baton uriel is carrying has turned into the same thing that got us here .
lets get this thing out of him .
wonder how this thing works ?
the voice in this thing is even more mesmerizing than on my mp3 player , the instrumentation is insane .
what s that thing made of ?
i guess that means that santa claus and the north pole are on the other side of this thing , this tunnel .
i love this thing .
i do nt even know how to use this thing , this armor you gave me .
in front of him , its the only thing lighting the path in front of us .
i do nt think this suit of armor is capableof lifting this thing off the ground .
all the controls are digitized , even my little sister could pilot this thing , that s how sophisticated this thing is .
all the controls are digitized , even my little sister could pilot this thing , that s how sophisticated this thing is .
how fast can this thing go ?
remember , my dad built this thing .
this thing is awesomeand its madeon earth !
this thing can fly too ?
i wonder what type of engine this thing has .
we ve got a lot of turbulence and i m glad finley knows how to fly this thing .
i forgot this thing started out as a submarine .
you go driving that thing in my neighborhood .
where d they get that thing ?
i ask her as the thought of her carrying that thing is incredible .
in fact , i want that thing .
i go to a nearby mirror and look at the different parts of my armor and wonder , what else can this thing do ?
i love it , the way this thing flies .
he s probably fighting to stay on that thing .
its almost as if this thing has nitrous oxide or something .
i think this thing , this armor i ve got on , is on auto - pilot or my brains thinking a lot faster .
that thing back there nearly destroyed an entire city .
how do i get this thing off of me ?
what can i do to get this thing off me ?
this thing on the floor ?
i guess we do nt know what to expect from this thing .
and i did nt even know that reset thing existed !
whoever built that thing is an expert craftsman for sure .
land this thing already !
it ll be the easiest thing for you to be found .
his host looked sympathetic and told him not to be so hasty when strang vowed to leave first thing in the morning .
were such things even native to this country ?
that thing you ve got there is it nectar ?
for creations sake , its just a little thing , kyla said .
lets open the hatch and throw this thing outside .
odd looking thing .
i liked the silver thing .
did you get any samples of the thing ?
in the meantime i want you , indicating the pilot , to take the larger barge ships and ram the damn thing .
that thing sent an electrical current through medamn near stopped my heart .
i ' ve even tried sitting the cursed thing on the mantle in the bathroom .
you 're older , but still a cute little thing .
there 's only one thing i can think of that would permit her to disappear without vhirko detection . ''
stupid thing , he muttered .
is that thing really going to do any damage ?
sir , decker said , his voice lowering to a harsh whisper , that thing will level the entire city .
put that thing away .
the other thing on the disk ?
wow , this thing is huge .
when he looked down , he noticed he was still wearing the same thing he had on the previous night .
that thing on your back that looks like little wings it was put on by the angels to suppress your power , but its only limited to earth .
i ve almost crashed five times already ; this thing is tough to control .
this is nice he said , this thing looks epic !
do nt worry , well find this thing and save your people .
do nt worry , well get this thing , then be on our way to sabola to take down the summoners .
okay , lets see what this thing can do .
can you fly this thing ?
okay , come back to the ship and well set this thing off , replied joker .
i thought you said you could fly this thing !
you do nt want to be around when i light this thing up .
he winced at the thought of all the pain this thing was going to inflict on him .
it was easy to see this thing meant business .
the damn thing was pointing at his watch .
the damn thing was solid as a granite mountain .
get this thing off me !
the suit was obviously made for someone taller , so the blasted thing ended up all bunched up around his arms and legs .
if i find a way to put some headlights onto this thing and drive fairly slow , we should be alright . ''
you 're the only one who knows anything about the thing we 're getting .
` ` dude , this is the coolest thing ever , '' he told everyone while jumping up and landing back down on the force field .
i do n't know where the edge of this thing is , and i do n't want you stepping over it , '' he told him .
i want to see if this thing is letting ships through , or if we experienced a freak accident . ''
we 'll head to the firing range first thing in the morning .
given enough time , he might be able to repair the wires , but he would never be able to get the damned thing airborne .
sheen reached for its brain so that he could shut the damn thing up , but he accidentally grabbed the yolkian 's eye .
` ` now teach me how to fly this thing . ''
` ` i think i can figure out how this thing works , but it will take time . ''
` ` i do n't know how to pilot this thing . ''
` ` the thing 's broken , neutron .
` ` what the heck are they doing on that thing ? ''
you leave the thing in the middle of the street , making the quick calculation that if you are in the oberon by next year , which is fast approaching , no ones going to be bothering you about abandoning the car .
oh the things i know about you , miss orange .
you are both pretty young but the orichalcum thing is still a little off - putting to the both of youyou and jaime did nt originally grow up with it like kids are nowadays , so there s always that little moment of reality disconnect when you see something on the news or someone using it in real life .
this thing should be a museum , not an ocean liner , but all the new liners are almost like nasa built em , too much electronicsthey would break down two seconds after they crossed .
is this thing safe , then ?
we can hack this cheap thing .
jaime takes out an old casio digital wristwatch , a cheap silver thing that would have looked dandy on any frugal gentlemen from the 1980s , and tosses it to you .
man , we make money so we can hang out with you and you ll be like , winniefreddie , you want to go places and do things and not work n shit ?
i need you to fight them off while i try to land this thing .
did they use that thing on you too ?
who s gon na drive this thing ?
initially , jhahnahkan began , the computer will drive this thing , but i can see you are really interested .
red cliff gritted his teeth and had to control his urge to rip the thing into shreds .
now look at the thing !
i thought you threw that thing away , edeline said .
or we could just blow the thing if you re in a hurry .
the auto - dialer never had worked on the thing , so rook manually punched in the number for the general good and waited .
alright dyzon , but i have nt finished testing this thing out yet no promises that the power cells will hold out under prolonged use , he explained .
i thought this might be a pharmacy , not that such a thing might be much help to someone like myself , but one can only hope suddenly his eyes rolled up into his head and he slumped back down against the wall .
she did nt want to be a thing .
i hope i ' m not the only one who saw an entire house fall on us , said sye , imitating zook 's sarcastic tone , i ca n't even tell if my eyes are open or closed , you want to just scratch at the ceiling and hope the whole thing does n't collapse on us ?
it 's a wonder you did n't try to get out yourselves , came a guard 's voice above them , lucky too , this whole thing would ' ve fallen in on you four .
the symbol , however , was not the only thing to fade .
sye looked confused , but he was nt looked at the thing on his arm .
i ' m no expert , said sye giving a feeble cut at the air , but this thing seems much too light .
it was a wide , stocky thing with a handle at its center that seemed contoured to zooks hand .
the whole thing was just shy of her height .
what can i do with this thing ?
did n't the oracle say that this thing goes a hundred and five knots ?
that pitiful thing saved our lives ?
sye bounced the orb in his palm , the oracle said the reason this thing is so special is because it attracts and stores enormous amounts of this energy .
he dared a look at the ring and almost gasped out loud it was such a dazzlingly beautiful thing , the rich red stone catching the light when his finger moved .
they were the first thing slaves put up and already three were occupied by hanging figures who d offended in some way during the day .
` ` i know they say this is mid spring , but there 's still a bite to the air first thing , is n't there ? ''
there was silence , then bethel raged in a choked voice , ` ` i almost miss the damned thing .
things were grouped together , so hopefully all the medical supplies would be in one place , but there was no method on how to find a particular stack .
this thing is tiny .
you tried delivering the thing .
pretty thing .
the explosion came not from within , but from above , a powerful laser that cut straight through the building , and then exploded outward , totally reducing every thing and every one in that building to a pile of ashes , while , at the same time , leaving neighbouring buildings with little more than scorch marks on their walls .
the skin on this thing , was quite wrinkly .
could jo actually be in more danger traveling on the back of this thing , this , what had the ailers called it ?
well i know there were more , as they kept appearing and disappearing from a large white thing that they had made , but i saw at least twenty .
just how long is this thing ?
in moments , phil has the kit on the bench making some squealing noises and just in front of the short round shiny tube is the sparkliest thing i have ever seen .
rachel fishes out the distance meter and after a short pause , announces , well providing this thing did nt get damaged , it reckons we only have just over seventeen kilometres to go .
as i look round , i see rachel has the distance meter in her hand , i call out hey rachel put that down , it might look like a weapon to whoever is driving that thing .
the city , if city it can be called , whilst having cylinders , domes and pyramid shapes , is quite uniform in design , the pattern being repeated time and time again , just the sort of thing you would expect a machine to make .
ryan asks , how much power does this thing need ?
hey that s great , like that sci - fi thing a transporter thingy .
that way we can at least get in touch with the team when the main tunnel goes down , now where are those notes on the maths behind this thing ?
can you check the calculations again of the signal that we need to generate to get this thing to generate the appropriate signal tunnel .
i reckon you was right about them not turning on us communicator , or the thing did nt make it to tother side .
the thought hits me like a rock , this bloody thing is taking off , but how ?
you sure there s owt from that thing ?
just a minute i can see something , how do you take a picture with this thing ?
get the damn thing .
damn thing had fresh tool marks all over it .
they had not seen a thing in the hold .
i dropped that thing , buckman said .
not a freakin goddamn thing , charles said once the sound caught up with the image .
can you spare ... no , i see you scribbling in that thing all the time .
that s what this thing does to our bodies .
i worked my way down one row and up another , trying not to spend too much time looking at every little thing that caught my interest .
we could fly it with hydrogen if we needed to , but then we risk the thing going hindenburg on us .
we could at least fly that balloon thing of isaac 's , she continued , find out what we 're dealing with .
i need you to pick teams and plan for the launch and retrieval of this thing .
i suppose i could just wire up a timer , try and guesstimate so it drops after making it over the city , but the risk of losing the whole thing goes up if we ca n't control where it drops .
ca n't we drop a walk - talkie right on the roof of that thing ?
without having to worry about the camera mount or a timing circuit , i 'd gotten the entire thing finished in only a couple of hours , and without even resorting to drilling or soldering anything .
this thing is packed full of 12 volt deep cycle batteries , and it already includes the circuitry to convert it to 110 volt ac .
it has better range than this thing .
he could n't shift the thing .
john tried again and again , but he could nt move the thing a centimeter , let alone get it off .
running one spike - covered hand along the length of the chamber , the chief gave it a sharp shake until the thing buzzed into life .
no , this thing was jagged ; the metal stuck out at angles , all different colors and shapes .
he hated the thing .
shed loved that thing .
we basically pump the entire thing full of neuro blocking gas that prevents their electronic pathways from communicating , parka began .
there was silence on the bridge as everyone watched him , but as john studied that thing in his hands , he became less and less aware of everyone else .
fortunately his armor regulated the pressure of his fingers around the butt and trigger , otherwise he would have crushed the entire thing in a second .
so mini reaches for the closest thing at hand which just so happens to be a frying pan and gives saving the galaxy a go .
` ` tell us what 's so special about it , '' said the woman 's sidekick , a man in his thirties who was doing his best to convince the audience that he had never seen such a thing before in his life .
she s pretty wicked with that thing , pete said , imitating her swing and giving it a home - run exaggeration .
he caught one voice mentally commented aimed at him ` ` take that thing off your face moorra . ''
he heard another voice chatter ` ` you 're scaring the moorra with that thing on you . ''
tom stiffened as he recalled fully what the thing covering his noses and mouth was .
the keo he saw paused from walking to exchange the syringe in his hands he followed with his eyes before settling the thing in his right hand 's grip .
he heard the male speaking anybus yank that thing off his face now .
anubis he saw went to the door and saw the thing slid open .
he with careful maneuvering got the thing into his injector .
tom sighed as barry flared golden eyes and pointed his cane still held in his right hand aimed at him along with putting the thing down still glaring at him .
their busy shutting down that bomb at the moment which my sisters are assisting with the help of scotland telling them what to do for manipulating first ones to turn that thing off at the moment . ''
he sighed and went to the bed lying on the floor to lie his back onto it and felt himself not inclined to sleep only to feel the thing become smooth as anubis 's head came into view speaking in a loud whisper ` ` get up now and spare the high council that acrobatic move . ''
lets move this thing out of the way , i say more cheerily than i feel .
if only the damn thing was working .
if it is , if an angel really recorded the secrets of the universe , you know other people are gon na want this thing ?
the thing was black and chrome , far duller than the racing bikes shed tried on the new rome tracks .
this thing had been through a fight , probably several .
these people seemed to practically venerate the thing .
david swallowed , looking at the cold - worlder just to force his eyes from that thing .
he d taken one of the mono swords and that whip - knife thing .
she had to get this thing working .
galizurs company made the damn thing .
too much carbon dioxide inside this thing .
he was sick of that damned thing .
forget the damn thing .
your friend must know how to read the damn thing , the captain snapped .
david strode over to the washroom to look at the damn thing in the mirror .
she looked back at it , as lasers carved more and more of the thing free .
this thing has been buried for at least six hundred years .
david , we ca nt let them have this thing , rachel said .
from there the beam carved a line down the middle of the jericho ship and the entire thing exploded .
hey jez , come on , turn that thing off , it 's too bright . ''
the only thing out of place was a large electronic box - a striking coffin of wires , circuitry and duct tape .
' i have n't even driven the bloody thing yet , and everyone 's treating me like someone else ' he thought .
will we see that thing on the market for us normal people ?
i had been so overcome by the sheer impossibility of the mechanics of the thing , and traumatized by the prospect of having an immediate neighbor , that i had n't seen the big picture .
by the way , with an over 88 % drop in body mass you might as well forget about getting that thing to recline .
i was struggling with the big bottle , positioning most of its weight on a chair - arm so that i could control the thing better as i drank from it .
what the hell is that thing ?
only as it clattered to the floor and popped open did i realize that fey was still in the damn thing , and had probably been killed by the fall , which must have seemed like a hundred feet to her .
after all , logging is what most folks do around here ; that , or making things from the wood , or selling supplies and such to those that do .
i chucked a couple of stones at the thing , and they just bounced off the smooth surface .
that 's how we neds have been working on this thing , especially for the last few days . ''
hide the damn thing !
this thing was nt harmless like most of the ghosts .
` ` i got it all recorded with this thing set on low - light mode jane , but if i watch it a dozen times , i still wo n't believe it , especially when they said to head south . ''
he resolved to keep the thing just long enough to give it back to jenkins personally .
the damn thing was cursed somehow .
photos he would see at most , if this case ever came to a trial , but not the real thing .
that thing does nt work anymore , the girl told him , as adams again examined the cylinder .
i could n't read the title ; the whole thing was too awash in blood .
and then something big flew out of the well , into the roof of the hut , and there was the sound of wood and things breaking .
a host of tubes punctured the thing , some carrying a compound of vitamins and minerals mixed with sawdust for the plants consumption , others carrying out waste , and still others carrying out the precious nutrimilk which the living plant produced .
didi , that thing is the ultimate weapon .
the thing was made of thin , dry vines .
no doubt the thing had been used to beat the poor animal .
wodi went up to him , shook his hand , let a concealed hammer drop through his sleeve and into his hand , then swung the thing into the mans mouth .
he had just realized that saul was holding a spear much like his own , except the thing was freshly cut .
saul started to put the thing behind his back once more , but wodi said , can i look at the knife ?
saul held the knife forward , his palm open but his thumb against the hilt , ready to grasp the thing if wodi made a move for it .
the thing was fashioned with wicked grooves near its base and a curved black handle such that the sight alone might be intimidating enough to scare off any attacker who valued his life .
he held the combat knife in both hands , shaking like the thing was a chainsaw , and shouted , wodi get back !
if you see something that is nt human , stick this thing in it .
he watched water streaming from the thing and he imagined that it was blood .
somebody busted their ass to build that thing , then these ghouls or some demon just chucked his ass in the river .
we need to start pulling this thing across !
- if you cut it , the rivers just going to whip this thing right down the river !
i would nt eat a goddamn thing i found in this hellhole !
his inner fingers attached to the thing , securing and reading and merging this identity with all his others .
marlon pulled free his combat knife and jammed it into the skull of the ghoul on his wrist , then pried the thing off and tossed both knife and ghoul to the side .
the thing struck the ground nowhere near him , but by some awful turn of luck the thing bounced off a stone and the butt of it struck him under his jaw .
the thing struck the ground nowhere near him , but by some awful turn of luck the thing bounced off a stone and the butt of it struck him under his jaw .
the thing was stuck , and he ended up tugging on it sharply enough to thrash the body .
i was gon na keep it as a trophy , you know , but my hand hurts so freakin bad i m not even sure i could use this thing .
saul liked him , and i told him not to touch the damn thing , but i m pretty sure he did .
that thing was more dragon than lizard , believe me .
as the last candle flickered and died , marlon whispered , that thing is ours , buddy .
wodi probed with his fingers , then pulled the thing free .
he held the thing up to the light for marlon to see .
wodi grasped the shotgun and was awed by the thing , a complicated black metal weapon that would spit death to anyone who stood in their way .
marlon studied the thing , then said , its from some wasteland cult .
was he using this thing to dig holes with ?
a large , feral , almost bovine skull hung upon the far wall , and chaotic wreaths of long - dead honeysuckle and lilac were laid about the thing .
i kill with a mirror i reveal shadow with light i give nightmares by opening eyes i prophesy with historys record look at your world incredible a miracle wonderful from glorious gears a thing was made to save it derail it the thunder shifted into a low rumble .
it was true that korliss and sevrik could not understand anything about the code , but still , they stood in awe to see the thing itself : the undecipherable story written by the mad god that created their world and designated humans as slaves , playthings , and food .
the thing passed to wodan .
what they must have gone through to hide this thing !
he took a few moments to look at the thing and figure out how to release the clip and work the safety .
anyone know how to drive this thing ?
the engine shrieked , then smoke poured from its exhaust pipe and the thing lurched forward and back .
we should get off this thing , said agmar , scanning the darkness .
almost immediately the thing crackled to life and wallach said , that was nt me or barkus , continue with orders , maintain radio silence .
it probably costs more to keep that thing in port than its worth , i m sure .
the thing grew louder as they approached , then dimmed as they passed it by .
why ca nt we take that other thing instead ?
shadows ran and danced along the thing as it spun and drifted down .
the thing was a twisted pile of goo .
this thing ... , '' he pointed to the wires , '' i get a bad feeling . ''
i was a bit sceptical , peter 's science magazine was a colorful glossy thing with page after page of articles about useless gadgets .
` ` yes , that thing was stuck in my arm . ''
why do you have that old thing ?
its the only thing i have from her .
the building was not the only thing that had undergone decades of decay the entire neighbourhood had succumbed to the effects of time and neglect .
what the heck is that thing ?
the closest thing to paper he could find was a hemp shirt that he had .
so this dream recorder thing , where is it ?
we were lucky to have the right equipment to piece this thing together .
what s this thing ?
i hope nobody sees me in this thing ?
come on you stupid thing , she said as she unhinged it from the particle accelerator .
once up this thing was going to be up forever , unless there was some way already present in it for it to come down .
now i m not going to get into the mess about how all those hundreds of computers used to power the thing became one super computer somewhere underground .
i can not believe you are going to use that thing .
stephanie glanced at her flowers ; she wished she could throw these smelly things away , but she needed to stay in character .
the whole thing is perfect .
it was the closest thing to a cloth that he could find .
i believe that someone or some ones wanted things to appear as if this place had more history than it really does .
heres the thing .
we are nt just going to decode the thing and get ' drink ovaltine . '
the only thing we ... myryath snarled , then caught herself .
one thing for sure .
he d have engineers and scientists , builders working on the thing .
she snatched the thing from her forehead and threw it against a bulkhead .
the masters showed her a map - a better one than they had for running her through ore processing - and clipped a cable - holding thing into her harness .
when they were done painting her nails , they strapped her hands and feet down and stuck her head under another thing that blew air around her head .
but before that ... thing ... got put on her , the flappy - dressed male put her into tiny little pants like she was a baby , and a really short sheath not long enough to cover her butt .
there were holes in the whole thing .
there was a manservant for the barba - father and a gardener - farmer who grew things in a small room for plants or farmed the insects that the masters loved to eat .
you show me how t ' fix this thing ' fore i has t ' go back ta being a stoopid doll . ''
this whole station was one giant sparkly thing that cost a lot of money and did n't get a lot back .
` ` how are you going to fuel this thing ? ''
a tiny little thing , looking too much like a kink in the fuel line .
for every cool thing there became at least ninety - nine real losers , a lot of junk , bad mouthing , insults , scammers , ramblings with agendas , and commenting kings of crap .
this thing has real potential .
she found the box right away , a cardboard one - drawer file cabinet kind of thing .
looking over to mrs . miller he continued , honey , that thing is small enough to carry under your arm .
pretty handy for long trips , or being stranded in traffic , or mrs . miller cut him off , honey , why are you so interested in that bloody thing ?
peggys tired , poor thing .
the holocom was the only thing i ever owned that was truly mine , and they flipped through it like it was nothing .
this is the only thing i ' ve ever owned .
ca n't crack into that fart thing you brought . ''
the closest thing i have to a home world is a titanium can in some other galaxy . ''
while i could n't teach a class on wormholes and their potential long term effect , you ca n't live in between the geeks and the squeaks and not pick up a thing or two .
both jillian and the hair - gooper assured me it was ` ` just the thing '' to give me ` ` the look '' .
` ` but i cracked that fart thing , '' he insisted .
besides , it 's got to be hot as hell in that thing . ''
he swung his leg over and the thing creaked and cracked , but held .
` ` it would go a lot faster if you 'd just hold still , '' she said , tugging once more on the scratchy thing around my throat .
personal electricity units , the small motors that power the drives in terminals and appliances , that kind of thing . ''
i pressed the button and held it while the lid dropped over the whole thing and the high pressured air hissed .
the same thing , where a pepsi was stuck .
if the thing shut off , you fell like a pop stars career after a murder conviction , splat .
the whole thing could burn , jack moaned as he hyperventilated .
nothing , just a thing i thought i saw , ben seeing his expression knew he did nt have to answer the question .
i bought this thing , it means something , jim said coyly as he fussed with his pockets .
my , what a beautiful thing to hold , he thought .
come on , turn that thing off and use your brain for a second .
heres the thing , ceecee .
a swan dive would be just the thing !
i ve got just the thing for us , winston .
yeah , ill take down that rainbow thing , a. k. said .
you know , return your programming to original design specs ... that sort of thing .
i wo nt be going far on this thing , he said .
the thing looked fast just standing still with its jet black paint job and flame motif .
oh , winston , i do nt like the looks of that thing .
lets just blast the damn thing , pantani said .
the thing had obviously run out of power and and had simply halted where it was .
just do nt switch the damn thing on , okay ?
he had argued with helena over it , seemed the popular vote could not distinguish between fauxgrav and the real thing .
things like that did nt exist , just plants and microscopic stuff .
the key panel was the first thing they saw that was nt just wall or ceiling .
she knew things about this place that she should nt know .
error : unable to send come on , stupid thing , he said to the computer .
nece holding the unit , home may times can you hit this thing with a rifle blast ?
one of them had binoculars , i am committee leader loss , of the town cantor , what is that thing of yours up on the terrace ?
he hated that thing , but she loved it .
this thing is supposed to stop brewing when you take the pot out , but i think its broken .
you still walk around that thing , do nt you ?
he 's to be in charge of the security aspects of this thing , but you 'll have complete jurisdiction of the unreconstructed .
you 're supposed to be studying that thing , so just make sure to be around whenever they are together .
what in the hell is the director really up to with that thing over in the house ?
now where did he get this thing ?
is n't it just a little unusual that this thing would just happen to turn up right at budget time ?
my holey meter says that thing is a fake , hunter said producing the meter from his pocket and held it in front of neil .
i thought you might say that so i just checked that thing with a second meter , this one , and it reads just like the first one .
besides the director made it clear what would happen if i mem - slipped this thing up early on .
there 's a wrong feel about this thing .
this reader thing then can read your mind ?
it could be or it could just have been some odd interference that hit as the thing went dead .
we ' ve got to find that thing and corrigan , too .
the trooper held up a charred plastic device and said , we just found this snooper , but no sign of that observor thing of the lady 's .
not this plastic thing .
the trick for the designers was to find the right thing and turn it into something we needed .
the only thing keeping the sworn enemies civil was a thin layer of religious tape .
the lean woman climbed out of the ferraris cockpit and scanned the area for things out of the ordinary .
i just had this thing fixed !
ca nt you take that thing off ?
fire everything the fleet has at that thing !
one of the larger sonii hobbled over and threw the tiny thing over its shoulder , regarding anna with a single fleeting look , before returning to the corner with the others .
you ca nt trust that thing .
the vessel we know as erebus was an ancient thing , he said .
take that thing , he told her .
i asked , hoisting the thing higher .
the king placed his hand there and it grew in size until it was the only thing on the table surface .
` ` christ , this thing is a mess , '' he mumbled and picked up the camera , carrying it with him to a desk .
i felt like all the water and air had been squeezed out of me and i was just this paper thing , just a husk being thrown around in a strong wind .
` ` no , '' said nella , ` ` we ca n't tell anyone until we 're sure this thing has been destroyed .
someone out there knows where this thing is .
i 'll take a pistol , just in case , but if this thing is loose- well , i 'd rather not see what happens if it 's too late .
maybe dr . pazzo and ann figured out that food and water came out of that hose thing and i just did n't . ''
it was intimidating , this thing that stood impervious to the devastation that had spread around it , from it even , if dr . pazzo was to be believed .
the only thing they took was the recharge vial . ''
the farm just does n't have enough space for things like that , but the old stuff is almost completely gone , even the furthest ranging scavengers are having trouble finding some things . ''
` ` i ' m not the one who created this thing .
but as i looked at the coliseum , the most infamous thing about the said romans , i knew that the answer to their decency was no .
after doing this for a second or two , and saying some very not - nice sounding words in russian , she thrust her gloved hand at me in frustration , what s wrong with this thing ?
the first thing that jumped out at me were the helmets , wicked looking things with smoky eyes that glowed florescent red with a hose coming from each side of the mouthpiece and running behind their shoulders , attaching to something i could nt see .
how fast did you say i can run in this thing ?
not being like a laptop or anything , in a lot more ways than one , meant that i had never actually powered the thing down before .
i hope you got some d batteries for this thing , cause i m thinking my coppertops have finally run their course , i said , extending my glove to her .
i m going to take a shot in the dark here and say that i m pretty sure that the dude in the pilot seat could nt see a dang thing .
i asked , i ve tried to open that thing a zillion times .
dr . sparks lifted the glowing garnet out of the case it was snuggly residing in and detached the wire , which was inserted into what i was guessing was a bored hole in the garnet holding it up for us to see -- except he was looking at it in wonder like he d never lain eyes on the thing before -- he said , its all about this , you know .
it d be a real bummer to find out i went to all this trouble of recording this thing and you were nt having a great time out there .
a spear was one thing but something told me he was nt about to just walk that one off .
frowning , i said , but if you re this robot chic- i m not synthetic , you idiot , she shouted , ill explain later but for now you ve got to pilot this thing and fast .
did you say this thing can fly ?
might miss something , '' i said , trying to swing my legs off the gurney , except my right leg was strapped to the confounded thing .
i asked , frowning at ... what the heck was that thing ?
i was on some sort of hospital bed type thing , though , unless future morgues put bodies on mattresses .
its like you just looked in front of you and picked the first thing you saw .
they would press every button on that thing until it was opened .
there was a good chance the only thing separating me from eight folds of fat was a thin layer of super soft luxurious fleece .
the only thing separating him from samuels was a quarter - inch thick aluminum door .
you know how you are with trouble , with causing it and all , '' said an ever - worried chug ` ` now again what if that wand is the real thing ?
i know you can hardly see through them and they are kind of high up but ... but ... '' ` ` louis get out your sling shot , i know you always carry that dumb thing with you everywhere .
i ' ve been thinking that since i first started to read this thing . ''
i got out here first thing in the morning just as soon as i could get charlie in front of this cart .
the thing rocked and stuttered , yet kept lurching forward .
i did nt really notice because by the time i had gotten the whole thing into my mouth , i was already ripping open the next one .
it looked like someone had broken into the shop , ransacked it , and left without taking a single thing .
i know just the thing !
still have nt gotten rid of this thing , huh ?
the only thing remotely beautifuland really , it was more gaudy than anything with its rotund pillars and red and gold mosaicswas manoos temple at the kofras palace .
` ` i ' m not touching that thing again '' , dirk answered roughly , through a mouth that sounded like it was full of marshmallows .
finally , he figured out that the cape was hooked onto the spauldings , so he tore the whole thing up over his head and tossed it unapologetically onto the floor of the corridor behind us .
i was n't even trying to pull the damned thing out . ''
` ` how do you shut this thing off ? ''
it was possible he might need such a thing in the future when he no longer had access to jeraom and bijou curios .
he 'll smudge the entire thing .
she 'll know if things are missing or noticeably out of place . ''
` ` we want to see if things are missing or out of place , but we do n't know how things are normally .
the only thing that lexia could see that her mother might object to was the large screened window at the front of the restaurant .
same thing , i guess .
he bends even lower and somehow i know he means for me to put my foot on his hand thing .
did you know this thing does nt make any noise when it hovers ?
as soon as the wheels touched down and were locked in place , military personnel surrounded the trucks to unload them and start setting things up .
how this thing on his wrist could record his sensory information .
there was nothing friendly - looking about this thing .
when tek turned the thing over , its helmet and mask fell off .
same thing , said mac .
this wall was the only thing tall enough to obstruct their view of the neighborhood .
i was also seeing if it was a good idea to drop this thing down there .
one of us is going to have to carry this thing .
so this is the thing blocking the imps ?
it was the only thing on the table .
i do nt know how far this thing transmits , so just let me know when your imp turns back on .
this thing does nt land very gracefully , so there 's no point going planet side unless you have your own continent to use as a landing pad .
it was a good idea , but mac was disappointed he did nt get to see the whole thing burst into flames .
he had to act fast raymond still had a gun and , knowing raymond , he was dumb enough to shoot a hole in the very thing he needed for protection against the gas .
the entire thing was a purple so dark it was almost black .
there was no way he could just fly this thing back to earth .
the room they went into was the strangest thing mac had seen on the ship .
dodgy seventies burglar alarm thing , he said .
then they moved the thing up the ness , where it now is ; and whenas thord the yeller settled the quarter things , he caused this to be the quarter thing of the westfirthers , and men should seek to that thing from all over the westfirths .
then they moved the thing up the ness , where it now is ; and whenas thord the yeller settled the quarter things , he caused this to be the quarter thing of the westfirthers , and men should seek to that thing from all over the westfirths .
then they moved the thing up the ness , where it now is ; and whenas thord the yeller settled the quarter things , he caused this to be the quarter thing of the westfirthers , and men should seek to that thing from all over the westfirths .
the music was making it worse , he d had enough now : can you turn that bloody thing off ?
jesus christ , of course that thing .
that thing must be a dragon , such as the black people speak of in their legends .
the thing moved out from the wall and a grotesque shadow moved with it .
valeria twisted her arm around in front of her , and the thing fell to the floora great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a womans head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision she had seen .
what the devil are you doing on that thing ?
the accursed thing had sprung out of the smoldering floor without warning .
if you hear the gq alarm , it ll be the real thing .
so the risk of technical glitches was considered acceptable in order to get the thing into the field as fast as possible .
by prior arrangement , all five fighters had their unarmed practice attack drones replaced with the real thing .
anyway the rest was a bit like a car , a sort of console thing with a keypad to type in destinations and such and two lovely big chairs reminiscent of captain kirks which had joysticks on each arm for manual driving .
well , jason started , i hid this thing , its a fuel source that can also be turned into a devastating , planet destroying weapon and then i had my memory wiped on earth and hid there .
you had sex with that thing ?
well , explained chase , its the black wedge thing on the bottom of the ship , but no one really knows how it works , not even cherry .
its not that there were nt these things in space , its just that this was the real thing , other races did these things because they seemed like good things , earthens did them because it was their culture and that s a big difference dressed up as a small difference .
my gallery the place i keep my things .
it was the only solid thing that stuck above the hills of rubble for miles .
they were a little narrow , and the long eyebrows arched out near the end slightly his nose , a sort of large thing , pointed down a fraction of a millimeter at the tip , the obvious result of having been broken several times .
from that burning thing ?
that thing was a woman , mr .
i pointed to the papered thing evergreen gave me just hours before .
if you had nt torn the thing off , i would nt have what was i supposed to do ?
do nt rip the damn thing off like that !
the thing in front of me was almost a bready substance , obviously stuffed with a mysterious liquid .
we walked up to the biggest building i had ever seen , and in front of it there was a huge , still thing .
ollies gun was the only thing i had on me .
his smile grew into a thing with teeth .
whenever that thing recharges , we lose the rear turret , and then we either jump or die .
do not connect that thing to the conduit yet ; hold off till i tell you to hook it up .
i tried to close that thing , but it would n't budge .
here i am in scary situations and i fall asleep the first comfortable thing that comes along .
she was an ugly thing , and crooked .
i ca nt believe i wore this thing .
now tell me how to fly this thing so i can attempt to make something right before it is too late .
the slightest motion threw the thing off course .
this time the car swung precipitously to the left , atreus seatbelt the only thing preventing him from being juxtaposed across the interior of the car to land in his brothers lap .
tell me again how you got this thing .
well , i m no expert on arabian botany , but from what i ve read , the juniper bush , retama raetam , is a thin branched , clumpy type of thing and , well these bushes look pretty clumpy .
we ca nt go any further unless we find a way past that thing , atreus replied waving at the portcullis .
there must be a release mechanism somewhere on this side of the portcullis otherwise the masons would nt be able to get past this thing .
this is probably the most beautiful thing i ve ever owned , he murmured .
later on he pulled out an aerial photo of them and , hey presto , they looked a lot like this thing underneath my fourth dot .
in front of that thing ?
get your backside away from that thing and make sure you take that note to my brother .
amherst had probably been delayed by the sandstorm , but with the weather having cleared , it was guaranteed he would come looking first thing in the morning .
the second i m done with that thing ill gladly give it back .
lets get this artefact thing out of the agusta and get the hell out of here .
i found something in the book , atreus resumed , his energy levels starting to rise as the story continued , something that might lead us to the second key , but when i found this thing , i stepped backwards to turn and show cassandra , but in so doing , ran into something and tripped .
i ca nt find the clock in this thing .
put that thing away , lord amherst ordered .
first , i thought maybe we could just dig the stone out , but that thing obviously weighs a ton and what if i did a nail ?
there was no one around but them and the most dangerous thing any of them had was a gun .
i got this thing .
she decided to rest awhile on the fan - like shelf , pretty sure they had this thing licked .
kate shook the incendiary in her hand as if to say , we ' ve only got so many of these , and we do n't have a clue how far this thing goes .
i think every step we ve taken , ever since we landed , has been on the roof of this thing .
the longer we wait for this thing to clear , the more dehydrated well be , she said , stepping into her survival suit for the umpteenth time on kratos .
now well see what you can really do with that thing .
kate , that thing wo nt float without some serious buoyancy .
rising from the sea at some speed , the thing shot up like a spark from a bonfire .
the thing flew overboard like a cartwheel from a cliff .
how deep is this thing ?
as she tried to kick the thing loose , a dark mass the size of a galleon rose beneath .
is this thing even going to hold my weight ?
no longer than his forearm , the thing resembled a musical instrument as much as a weapon .
and lucas , she turned to the others , promise me you ll be careful with that thing .
you could invent some extreme sports with that thing .
her dainty footsteps were nt in the opposite direction , as kate would have bet beforehand , they inched toward the thing , intrepid , in the name of discovery .
the thing definitely pulsed .
hmm , we d better work out what to do when this thing dies out .
so hand that thing over .
okay , i m going to cut this thing open .
cut this thing down .
the eyes had no pupils , so kate could nt tell what they were looking at , but her intuition told her they were cognizant of the weapon , not least because it flashed in her hand , and it was the only thing shed moved .
i m being a bit slowtheres nohow will this thing work again ?
that thing is full of pyro .
if that thing goes up , we all go up .
if that thing ignites , if those panels burst , well be washed away by a trillion tonnes of ocean .
the damn thing wanted to spin to starboard and rear up by its tail in the worst way , but his intuitive nudges with the two ranks of three - sixty mini thrusters held her straight and steady .
tell me you can land this thing .
seriously how melodramatic were these guys , i know defeat when i experience it , as if i was going to go karate girl on them and use weapons i had cleverly concealed on my body you really do nt need to point that thing at me , i m not going to try and beat you up i finally said to the guard .
i often spent hours in a corner of my apartment with a soldering iron and microcircuits , building some useless thing that turned lights on and off or adjusted their brightness depending upon the time of day .
mostly leafy stuff , but the things that our culinary artists concoct from algae is quite remarkable .
` ` where and when is this darn thing supposed to be from ? ''
` ` can you really see out of that little thing and send us secret messages ? ''
` ` to make a beautiful thing like this , we grind and polish a raw piece of glass while spinning it very fast . ''
he offered one to lincoln , who popped it in his mouth and chewed the thing whole .
` ` this thing 's leakin ' like there 's no tomorrow ! ''
help romero move this thing .
instead of standing in the straw of the loft , pan 's head was the only thing projecting from hansum 's shoulder .
` ` yeah , everybody seems to be getting really excited about that thing , '' lincoln observed .
only the connected used them now , but she always felt a twinge of pride in the old , battered thing .
some kind of cube thing that s at the top of the stairs .
the sub had a rethink : i can get you the real thing .
being unfamiliar with the nanopean gun , it took him several long seconds to work out how to prime the thing .
is that thing like permanently inserted or ?
ok we need to hide that thing ; get rid of it .
there were no perceptible signs that the little thing was nt one of the group except for the facial expression .
that s my shoulder socket : its amenium the latest thing .
i mean i ve been head of security in belair for years and i thought this thing was out in the desert somewhere .
what there s no heating in this thing ?
now magellan , how do we fly this thing !
i say we kill him now , said alia , he s far too dangerous but then who s flying this thing ?
what s the best way to cut this thing open ?
the center was open to the elements and the only thing there was a large fire pit that was currently not in use .
its not my thing , but some people are really into it for whatever reason , jeff replied .
yes i do , she replied , but you better drive this thing down that deer path you call a road .
sure thing , mrs . t. concluded johnny , before breathing a sigh of relief .
things you used earlier today in the forest perhaps ?
she had planned on making the trip first thing in the morning , but tonight would be better for fluffy .
first thing in the morning ?
these old over - growth trees are crying out to be cut down and made into things folks can use .
he started to ask her if they could go closer , but she shushed him to be quiet and pulled him back down the path , away from the thing in the cliff .
this thing may be stationary relative to the mountain , but then again that may only seem to be the case because we are viewing it for a very short time from a geological perspective .
is this thing really dangerous ? ''
` ` but dad examined this thing close enough to identify and date the surrounding rock formations .
we have to figure out exactly what to do with you , then well get at those big trees first thing in the morning . ''
at the same time she felt the handcuffs slide on whatever they had caught on , but she grabbed at the thing with both hands before it could totally slip away .
today he had been to the mountain and had seen the thing that the humans called the source .
sure thing , johnny replied , as he pulled two bears knife out of its sheath .
you get a boost from that mirror thing over there , do nt you ?
i know as much about it as you do now , and i do nt have the foggiest idea how that thing works .
things fell into place .
this thing must weigh at least thirty tons .
then well drop that damn thing out of the tree and let the ravens and vultures pick up the pieces .
table of contents chapter one , before , home and the island chapter two , second day , the island chapter three , first day , otherworld , morning chapter four , first day , otherworld chapter five , second day , morning chapter six , second day , afternoon , otherworld chapter seven , second day , evening , otherworld chapter eight , third day , morning , home chapter nine , fourth day and that week , home chapter ten , the next week , home chapter eleven , weeks after , jane 's home chapter twelve , autumn , home chapter thirteen , autumn and winter , home chapter fourteen , spring and summer , home chapter fifteen , summer , home epilog , much later , home and otherworld about the author more books by this author other book in the ' legends ' series chapter one before , on the island ` ` you 're sure you can operate this thing ? ''
` ` i ' ve really got to clean this thing . ''
the shiny thing had windows on its lower third and a ring of pure blue metal that seemed to catch the desert sun and ignite it with blazing ripples of light .
i have n't got a single clean thing ready . ''
i had a clear idea i wanted the thing to look 1970s in design so i found a slightly retro dialysis machine ( which we used in the end bedroom scene ) and began the designs based on that .
finally , i made the body of the robot so we d be able to have the real thing in as many shots as possible to cut down on the post production .
unfortunately the only thing defective here is this device .
a short walk in the silent woods to clear his head had seemed the thing .
ca nt this freaking thing go any faster ?
how do you put this thing on ?
see the blue thing over there ?
the prayer thing was a jest , luthis , now help me get this thing opened .
get this thing opened !
but this thing had cybernetic skeleton made out of titanium where that loathsome skin had covered most of the bones .
doctor , what is your recommendation about this thing ?
this thing has a bloody atmosphere !
` ` can you reverse the polarity of this thing , to transmit back to the source , instead of receeiving ? ''
` ` well , switch the damn thing off , then ! ''
oh , she had been through similar transmitters before , and had seen which control activated it , but she had never been trained in setting the thing ; there was no telling where she would materialise .
it was a poor replica of the real thing .
this bob is going to kamikaze this thing .
the only thing in the room is a small terminal dangling in front of me .
in it is a rusted shiv - like thing , looking like a pen swelling with green slime .
where this thing was coming from , it would either hear a whisper or it would nt hear nothing at all .
the thing was too big to leave to chance .
the thing was little more than tin with no weight to back it up .
` ` i told you before , this thing ca n't be sold . ''
the second weird thing i noticed , and almost missed the first time was that when i set the thing down on my desk in my room , it was actually floating a few inches above the desk .
i might finally be able to figure out how this damn thing works , black files or not .
makara pulled the plug on the tear gas canister , waited a couple seconds , and threw the damn thing overhand .
the whole thing was more like a pond than a lake .
can you get me out of this damn thing ?
the thing was heavy .
we gave a few seconds for the thing to roll down the hill .
put that thing away right now or there s going to be trouble .
the thing ran its diagnostics , computed the date ( a few hundred years short , which might mean something , though dick was n't sure what ) , and immediately blipped into a program that functioned with a number of options for input .
having thought that the blasted thing was long destroyed , he had ignored any other scenario , probable or otherwise .
the engineers team had happily taken plasma torches to the thing and reduced it to three neatly stacked piles of metal .
actually , dinghy was a generous term for the thing .
look , lets just drag this thing out to the shed and get a message to calavera to come figure out why goons dressed in his skeleton uniforms are trying to take us out in the flats , she said .
that thing is on there so tightly that even a decon shower wo nt get it off .
i bet this thing could smoke someone on the other side of the desert .
this thing was probably strong enough to pierce a calaca suit , albeit likely with far less dramatic effects than shed just seen .
the car surged forward through the piles of sand as she did her best to stomp on the gas and steer the damned thing from the passenger seat .
sanchez had nt heard any reply from hq over his communicator , but the thing had been damaged in the crash , and it was possible that the message had been received , but that they were nt able to hear any reply .
she was nt a computers expert , but shed spent enough time out on the black market to have picked up a thing or two from the less than scrupulous hackers out there .
barring having any on hand , i need the next best thing .
there would be no radioing for help with that thing without some serious electronic surgery .
at least she was pretty sure they were nt carrying any incendiary devices or other volatile items that might explode if she grabbed the wrong thing .
if we ca nt get to it , its going to be really hard for my little winch machine here to have the leverage to pull this thing up .
its got that whole thing goin for it , xero said .
get this thing out of my arm so we can get back to base .
not the weirdest thing i ve ever worn , he said .
dude , stop pointing that thing at him like he s going to go all slaughterhouse on us .
we can hit this thing from two directions .
if she could use her language skills to talk with the computers and the native peoples , there just might be a chance of getting the thing running again .
the only clean smelling thing in this dump .
boss , what was that thing you used on major speed ?
any thing extra that will take more time away from crime fighting and the family is out unless i ca n't help it .
instead , i just gave the vuduri a thing called the molecular sequencer which could build anything essentially one atom at a time .
he extended both thumbs to form a frame and within that frame was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen .
next , why do they have dressers when the only thing they ever wear are jumpsuits ?
because the star - base was originally built using a tentpole and mylar sheath , the whole thing is pyramidal and the top of the ceiling in the center is very high .
entry 1 - 249 : august 31 , 2013 trouble with casimir pumps as you know from having read rome 's revolution , the vuduri use a thing called the casimir pump to power their star drives .
as she gave her vote to blow the thing , anson already had the horn out of his pack .
who knows what his motives are , but you can bet he had some reason for building the damn thing in the first place .
he compliantly answered nevins questions about the blast , confirming they had carted some device to a small isolated village , which they left right after their captain had tripped the damnable thing .
edna , being a hunter , noticed things that heather would not normally see , such as small broken branches from feeding animals or a change in the height of the vegetation indicating a game trail .
i do nt owe you a thing .
i d gone into an update booth to update my condition , but after being rejected twice , my debit card was swallowed by the damn thing due to a potential breach of security .
i only have to twitch and this thing fires .
bonnie cried , we ca nt move that thing !
its as if someone else is flying this thing .
the pilot , then sent barakah a mind message , if you are going to land this thing , then you better do it now .
oh my , i was just starting my career back then and you were just a tiny thing , you had short hair yes ? ''
beth almost beamed in pride when the second comment hit her , ` ` i had wondered where that old thing had gotten to but i ' m so glad someone managed to salvage it and put it to a decent home . ''
the thing appeared to be half robot / half trash heap .
` ` i do n't think anything else would have the balls to wander into here after hearing that thing roar , especially if that bot was nasty enough to keep the dust sharks at bay .
i figure the base only takes up an eighth of the asteroid were dug into , damn thing is massive if you fly around it . ''
beth pulled him up and muttered , ` ` do n't tell me you actually sleep in this fool thing , your back must be a mess . ''
she trusted dan enough to know he would n't use this thing if it was dangerous , and anyway if it did n't slow down at least she 'd land on top of the big mechanic , breaking her fall .
` ` they would n't have known '' beth said , coming to the rescue ` ` he 's ex - fleet , so that thing 's probably designed to stay hidden even from your armour 's sensors . ''
suspicious noticed as well , watched his fellow ted 's erratic hand gestures before saying ` ` he 's saying it might be a viral attack , something internal like what your wrist thing does . ''
somehow this thing had spread around the globe almost overnight .
lets see what this thing can do .
whoa now , are you telling me this thing is alien ?
i thought your job was to pilot this thing .
there was no such thing but that was enough to strike alarm into tony , who believedlike everyone elsethat the servers kept them alive .
perhaps the whole thing was just so much trash and wasted paper .
graham took his hat out of his pack and squashed the misshapen thing onto his head , pulling it low to shield his face from the view of any cameras above him .
what do you think that thing was today ?
there are clothes in the dresser , some food in the kitchen thing and the bathroom is stocked as well , leo said , still sounding dejected .
it was , but with the proper set up of everything , the proper automation and all the things that the geniuses that built this place put in , it is possible , the pride was hard to miss in tomass voice .
just stay there man , trying to get this stupid thing to work , she said .
well its not easy , that much i can say , other than that it involves keeping your ear to the ground , listening for people talking about some weird thing they found in someones attic that kind of stuff .
they did nt know how far the tentacles could reach or even how this thing sensed life .
from the size of that thing no amount of firepower could manage to take it down .
so the sight of light was welcome , hopefully they could figure a way back down and get around this thing to safety .
should be , that thing would have scared anyone off , tomas said .
okay then , to the roof we go , hopefully we are closer to it , i ca nt see either end of this thing , john said .
it fills up and the stupid drain vent never gets it all out , you have to live with that smell until you get the thing cleaned and that really is not an option here , john said .
this thing was connected to something and peter was pretty sure he knew what .
a gunshot would only give them away , it would do nothing to this thing .
yeah , turns out they are attached to that red mass thing by a tendril .
yeah , its gone now , and for all i know i just could nt see the larger glow because i was surrounded by the light from the thing right in front of me , peter said with a slight laugh .
there was no way to know , none of them knew how this thing really functioned .
as silently as he could he turned and zipped the tent shut behind him , no reason to worry about light escaping but there was no telling how this thing detected life .
one half was an entertainment area with a nice television and some game consoles , things he barely used but bought on the off chance he might one day want to .
it would also be nice to not have to come over and fix things that broke in the apartment as the landlord was lazy and did nothing around the place .
the thing took a while in each building , peter had been observing it to make sure of that .
you got some burger thing that was undercooked and you did nt eat it because you did nt want to get food poisoning .
peter began to notice things that were out of place , the buildings looked more scarred around here , more battle worn then the rest of the city .
probably just assumed the whole thing was empty and left it to go back to rotting into the woods .
ca nt give ya the real thing , if you insist on that distinction , but i could hook yup to one of these .
as a chess enthusiast , i d be crazy not to be pulling my hair out over this thing .
did nt uriah really enjoy being hooked up to that thing ?
you could ve gotten crushed ribs from that thing if i d waited .
this thing confirms my theory .
her life had gone downhill ever since some person too big for his britches had made that thing uriah had shot , again with technology .
so our military planned to fire this thing in hopes that at least a sliver of it would turn each of americas nukes into a dud .
now , how to determine if the blasted thing was even inducing any memory recall ?
sure , livingstons basement had a mindscape , but you were in it and i had to disable that thing before you fainted .
when they turned that thing on , they saw images of a beautiful world with massive cities and endless oceans .
so that thing was alien ?
we can blow the whole thing , he said to callum , while gasping for air .
you know , i ve got half a mind to walk over there and take this thing off , just to shut them up , richard said , referring to the explosives tied to his ankles .
but we do nt know if anyone else is aboard the ship , and that thing has to have a ton of fire power .
that thing could take off and disintegrate everything within five miles , for all you know .
i have no idea what that thing is .
the power source you created for this thing , is about to be converted into the greatest weapon our species has ever known !
because the talin was made of such strong materials , it was the only thing capable of breaking the spinning metal beams from their bond to their platform .
there s countless billions of files on that thing , mandrake quietly muttered , as he took a seat in front of severovs desk .
maybe you ll find out when you go up inside that disgusting thing , morn scoffed .
arnold had called her first thing in the morning and insisted to see her as soon possible .
but look at the size of that thing !
is that thing loaded ?
here , take all the cards you want , just point that thing somewhere else .
if you clamp that thing on my left hand , ill be helpless .
then the engines came on the cam and the turbos screamed into their power band and suddenly the whole thing blistered forward with smoking tires .
henty turned the steering wheel to head straight for the hovercraft and the driver lost his nerve and accelerated the thing off the road just as the gunner fired , throwing off his aim .
well , mr smartypants , i hope that piece of the chopper you threw on the floor is nt necessary for landing this thing again .
the thing looked like a bathtub on eight fat balloon - tied wheels .
the thing was in danger of swamping itself in its own backwash , one gunwale well below water lever .
ten thousand casitas , golf courses , shopping malls , the whole freakin thing , got approved by the county last year ?
as you well know , since you can see right into the damned thing .
she told me she had read the manual for the spyder and was confident that together we could figure the thing out .
i know i can run this thing .
then : hey , marty , i ca nt get this thing back up in normal position , she said , pulling frantically at the stick .
maybe we would see that damned thing erupt ?
let me pack up a few things , including an ounce of primo weed and my favorite bowl , and well get the hell out of here .
lets ram it , i said , just ram right through the frickin thing and shoot across the highway .
but what will this thing look like up close ?
in seconds the thing stops and opens into a bare room .
moms hand is gripping the wheel so hard its like she s trying to squeeze juice out of the thing .
rachel swung her knee onto the bed so it was up against my ribs , the thin white sheet the only thing between us .
the first time the thing appeared , we had only gotten out of school for christmas break two days earlier .
my skin had frozen to the thing and stayed attached even when i pushed it away .
he was stuck inside of that thing !
the cheese stick had landed in his lap , so he picked it up and shoved the whole thing into his mouth .
is the thing back ?
well , i guess its a good thing they were building this thing for uppity morons .
do you have any idea how fast this thing is going ?
i beat the crap out of the thing .
i do nt ever want to see the inside of this thing again .
i really wanted this singing thing i saw in the store back home ... and away she went penny rambled to nick enthusiastically about everything from her lost tooth to the way elijah passed gas in his sleep .
when that thing popped up ... violet giggled half - hysterically now as she shook with adrenaline .
or speed up my feet or any other damn thing .
she had n't touched a thing in two years , but it had still killed her , just as she had known it would .
` ` christ , this thing is heavy , '' mike complained .
went over first thing , right after daybreak .
i like my place in things .
we need people who know how to plant gardens , raise cows , things like that . ''
you mean that thing that appears like a storage container with solar panels ?
it is that little thing attached to the right side of the space station , said ickcy .
if the stupid thing got any heavier she was going to have permanent back damage .
things most people know , already easy to identify plants i know grow around here .
in fact , the only thing i d found was my lock picking tool .
so , all and all , it was just better to take the whole thing off , for everyones sake .
people screamed about how you were nt allowed flower pots and how it was against all the rules of conformity and that if you did nt remove the horrible thing this instant , they d sick the hoa ( home owners association ) on your nonconformist ass and get you kicked out .
i d have had that thing above her head and recording what she was typing so fast shed never know it had nt always been there .
somebody broke that thing .
but , eventually , too many things showed up in too many places , and someone got suspicious and grew alarmed and called in a few buddies .
and next thing you know , smith was back on the fingernail , they re getting peoples attention with the things they dobuying liquor and big meals at restaurants with lots of their friends and even a stranger or two they just invite along and they start talking and you hear things .
but about three years ago , i went back in this thing , '' krieger patted the machine , ` ` skipped the party , ended up passing that physics exam i failed the first time around , got into mit instead of state , where i made some distinct improvements to this baby .
anyway , i made enough to get the parts to fix this thing up right .
how long before that thing cools down ?
it might have withstood two or three , but not eight , especially with repairs to that stantatac drive thing underway .
how old is this thing ?
this old thing ?
the candle has to be big , too , big light , so bright , the only thing in sight for the ghosts and black capes and skeleton boys and little princesses as they stand in the dark under the broken globe trembling a little and there , over there , what 's that ?
standing on the top of the bank once more , he stared for quite some time in the general direction of where he thought he spotted this strange thing , but saw nothing more than ancient stone , wood and ceramic structures of centuries past .
it was the sort of thing almost no one else would have noticed , but was precisely the kind of thing that would have caught his eye .
it was the sort of thing almost no one else would have noticed , but was precisely the kind of thing that would have caught his eye .
the user would step backward into this mold , the door would close and the whole thing would shape itself somewhat closely to the individual .
chan struggled , but finally got enough of them to at least get started using the thing .
this thing will be keyed to your dna as soon as you open it and put it on .
between the unusually heavy weight of the thing and the lack of low gears , chan worried the old drive chain might break .
he had no lock or chain and decided he would have to carry the thing upstairs to his apartment .
the thing just fit inside his cargo pocket .
the thing telescoped upward with a smaller section , still large enough for both feet .
i am just going to make sure every thing is put away .
he pointed to a metal , circle - looking thing set in front of the left front seat .
of course , she had not used such a thing since then .
he sat down in the front passenger seat and took a large microphone - looking thing .
i d love to get inside this thing .
tedd took it , the last thing that i had on him .
i see one thing , wrapped around his neck .
i guess , matt replied as he continued to stare apprehensively at the area between the boulder and the lakes edge what do think that thing was ?
when we get our own place we can buy a few things together , matt suggested .
the wheels were huge , to get the belly of the thing high enough to drive through low scrub .
i place each thing on the table .
she did and the whole thing popped out of the metal wall and smacked into her temple .
lettuce , tomato , and globs of mayonnaise and ketchup dripped out every time he tried to raise the thing to his lips .
the damned thing was hot as blazes !
let me see that thing !
say , who the hell can fly this thing ? ''
` ` well , i designed most of this thing , '' said norma , ` ` so i guess i could try to fly it .
` ` is n't anyone fully trained to fly this thing ? ''
` ` only one person trained extensively to fly this thing , narb : mark flood .
maybe he can even tell us how to land this thing so that we can pick him up without getting killed !
the damn thing had been right there all along , hidden in that house only yards from hers , probably for all of the last five years !
the thing speared through her deck , the roof , and the floor below it , leaving only a foot of its length exposed .
` ` you do n't expect me to fly this thing into that oversized toy !
in fact , the whole thing looked eastern .
` ` mel , could you get rid of that thing first ?
for twenty or thirty kilo - bucks he could make this thing livable .
` ` well , when i turned off the water , the damn thing locked me in and started spinning !
then he began to perceive things ; dimly , as if finding that a dark forest is only in near darkness , and that nearby trees and grass can be seen dimly in the moonlight after all , and that by paying attention to the intricate sounds of night life , the gentle touch of webs and breezes , and other things usually ignored in the glare of day , there is a whole new world to explore .
it was essentially goyahkla 's ' soap trick ' yet again ; the same thing that saved his skin when renson grabbed him !
` ` ok , i ' ve got to admit , the damn thing probably would have killed me .
how did the thing hold itself together if it was dematerialized ?
if we have a pressure leak , or blowout , that suit is the only thing that will keep your blood from boiling in your veins . ''
gya made sure that none of the old computer core was left , the entire thing was stripped out , even the undamaged parts , and a full new core was put into place .
that thing is working , i ' m getting really slippery already .
it was a brilliant thing not often seen .
it 's been a long time since he went crazy with the thing , but lierva 's afraid he may have a disciple now . ''
it better be , celekar replied , already on his way , or else jir - end here is liable to kill me with this thing .
chapter eight ` ` how do you put this thing in reverse ? ''
can you imagine trying to navigate that thing in flight ?
how was it that she , this fragile , wild little thing , was so powerful ?
table of contents chapter 1 : things start with a bang chapter 2 : i awake in a strange place chapter 3 : others like me chapter 4 : tricksters chapter 5 : we ve been drafted chapter 6 : when things fly at night chapter 7 : our mission explained chapter 8 : i hit a brick wall chapter 9 : what we discover chapter 10 : incognito chapter 11 : our first day chapter 12 : a tempting offer chapter 13 : things learned chapter 14 : too much at once !
it reminded me of a cave i once took a tour of back home : tan colored stone with stalactites making the whole thing feel ominous .
the whole thing looked so gross it made me not want to eat pizza for a month !
at any moment that thing is going to go off .
he yelled , get that thing off of there before i have a heart attack .
what the fuck is this thing ?
this thing must have been running on solar energy , it just kept coming !
there is no way i m bringing this thing to bens with me .
ill put this thing away , pretty neat though is nt it ?
no , i am not okay , get my things together , ill be leaving the salvation first thing tomorrow morning and never returning .
no , i am not okay , get my things together , ill be leaving the salvation first thing tomorrow morning and never returning .
how the hell did he get that thing to hawaii ?
if anyone hits that thing , i m shooting him next !
sally called to her , its alright , he ca nt hurt us with that thing .
however , the blasted thing was sleeping right on top of the biggest mound of treasure , dead in on the middle of the pile .
` ` i need a holster for this thing . ''
` ` you know i hate this thing . ''
i forgot how long the blasted thing takes to charge ! ''
i never thought i would have a use for this thing .
nix , the energy is definitely coming from this thing , but from the outside it just looks like a solid piece of stone or wood .
yet it did nt mean she knew how to operate the thing without any prior training .
you re seriously trusting this thing ?
and the same will happen to us if we do nt blow this thing !
how this thing outside could survive , when it should surely have exploded due to lack of pressure , he had no idea .
you own this thing .
i do nt want to look at that stupid thing .
that old ratty thing of mine you guys are using now wo nt do .
my vision was hampered and i felt stuffy and hot and i could nt imagine the thing on my head all afternoon .
i told them this thing needed to be replaced , jim said , pulling his walkie talkie off his belt and radioing the veterinarian .
you know how to work this thing ?
listen , i know nobody here owes me a thing that s for sure , joey said .
i wonder if this thing you have can grow stronger with practice .
his mind a thing he could hardly control and i saw things that made me realize i did nt know him .
it seemed i was in this beat up old thing a lot lately , waiting for someone or something to happen , and now that i knew what had happened to my father , this old car had a purpose that felt right and good .
this old thing will only go so fast .
i gained , my old thing getting beat to death , but i did nt care .
were not going to have long guys , lets get this thing and get out of here !
sad , pathetic thing , i m going to have to hurt you .
all our communications are down , looks like they hit us with the same thing they got terra prime with .
leeza held the glass jar up to toms face again and gently tapped his groin with the flat edge of the knife blade , do nt the poor little thing look so lonely in there all by itself .
things were finally falling into place .
i do , answered brenda debbie then removed a ring from the base of the rubber phallus and transferred it to the base of the real thing .
oh , the poor thing , sympathized debbie .
merci heard the key at her cell door as she vigorously attempted to bite the thing completely off .
the professor got out of the truck , oh , you poor thing , show me where he hit you .
there was only one thing left of his genitalia ; the rest was a bloody mess .
do you must blow that thing up so much ?
- i will tell this all thing instead of you if you want , i want to be famous anyway .
- that thing would compensate for my all miserable life if you loved me mutually dina said inside .
the couch seemed to swallow the poor thing up .
i do n't want that thing chirping over stupid shit . ''
it had to be a thing .
stealth stood and stared at mother holding the horrible thing .
mother choked on another sob and brought the thing to her chest .
these days the advanced electronics did nt require any visible means of amplification , but even without it , no one would have missed a thing .
and there s not a thing anyone can do to make you more prepared .
his assistant gunner was a non - com assigned to teach him how to use the thing .
the woman was profuse in her thanks , clearly relieved at how easily the whole thing had come off .
when they reached the elevator and herded their people in , starbuck shouted , ` ` we might get trapped in that thing ? ''
there is no way we 'll ever have enough food to fill this whole thing up .
this whole thing was a little expensive , though .
whatever it was , damn thing turned off the alarm system .
wait , we do nt know what that thing does .
i think that device activated this thing , james .
i think that thing is draining power from every source around us says james .
james , can your powers affect that thing ?
we have been through a lot for sure , but i have a feeling we have only scratched the surface of what we are supposed to accomplish with this thing and for our sakes .
thanks , she replies as she blushed , this old thing .
i wish we could get some info on what this is all about , who these men are and why they are after this thing and why they would kill us .
do you think we could travel in time with this thing ?
i mean we did travel in time with this thing ?
the half - life on the solution for most of our technology is over ten thousand years so i figured this thing must still be around somewhere in this time and if i could just get my wrist remote to work with the proper frequency , i could summon it here for us .
i know just the thing says drax .
there must be some life components to that thing .
this thing is like a super - fast moving target .
come on , baby , he turned his attention back to susie , pleading sweetly , you know you re not going to shoot that thing .
she had to keep setting it down and resting , poor thing .
my god , if i could just take that thing to the dump .
then by the time i get the damn thing off with my hammer and prybar , ill have buggered the holes so much , ill have to replace the piece of wood the mailbox sits on .
we ve got the screen thing all figured out , rev said .
bring your recorder thing .
in all the years they had been coming here , he had never once even come close to this thing .
` ` what s a pretty thing like you doing here all alone in a place like this ? ''
they sat down in the waiting area with other sick - looking people and things .
i mean , how do you know dal jamus has n't already been here and left since you ' ve been staring at that stupid thing of yours . ''
finally , people were- ` ` quit looking at that thing in temple , '' vel hissed .
eat that honey thing , jessie said .
i ca nt get a thing , chloe said .
i wish i could see that flying glowing thing again .
look for that thing i saw ?
and the thing was a sign .
the thing was sent to me as a sign .
i m talking about the thing .
well , hey there you pretty young thing , y all gave me a twenty instead of a five , he said with a smooth western cowboy accent .
and that thing was horace !
oh , you poor thing .
he yanked off his cape and tossed it aside , leaving it along the roadside for whatever damned idiot would find and take the thing .
how d you get that thing off ?
the thing was organic material already .
he looked ridiculous in the huge thing .
what i needed was to tear the thing apart and rebuild it , but i did nt have the time or the parts to do that .
i had completed what repairs i could , but without a full overhaul , the thing was on its last legs .
no smoke , no electrical firethe thing simply vaporized .
a very interesting thing to turn into a shop , certainly unique in his travels , and he decided he liked this xun character already .
i put the pendant in the pocket of my pants , into the secret pouch i d made inside the pocket where i kept the only thing i had from my mother .
shoot the friggin thing !
i m fine yes ; i can get out this thing umm creature is hurt .
you re in there with that thing without a weapon .
i was sure scott would have gotten in touch with the other mzees first thing this morning .
click , click , click , click , click , click the metallic thing moved .
she questioned , wondering if this thing had some connection with him .
pain surged up her spine as the thing made contact .
she illuminated the thing once more with her light .
ivanus knelt near the thing .
she held it before her , tracing its silky petals with her fingertips and then bringing the thing before her to smell .
` ` the only thing that fits right are these stupid boots , '' laiken said , gesturing to the black combat boots everyone was required to wear .
things are going to be put in place .
i ve only had the thing for two months .
i barely know how to use the thing .
anyone want to give me some fuel or help me push this thing out of the way ?
having done this , he had to reassemble the whole thing again .
but of course you can never tell , the whole thing is just a big , crazy casino .
he was just calling me on the off - chance in order to enquire whether there was any possibility of our meeting at his group 's offices in barcelona at the end of this week ; that would then allow me to start at the shipping company in palma first thing on monday morning .
i walked back in the balmy night air to the hotel , passing , among other things , the ' red lips ' erotic show center , one of those places young males need to experience at least once in life in order to learn never to visit them again .
but accustomed as we smokers are to the various sacrifices required to maintain our compulsory nicotine levels , i smoked the thing doggedly to the sweaty end before disappearing into a nearby air - conditioned cafeteria for a chicken salad and a glass of cool white wine before returning to the office .
mara del carmen had called in first thing this morning with her resignation , he said , and she would n't be returning to the office .
the thing really was huge .
it was a small , windowless thing , blocky and ugly .
she must have been a tough little thing .
` ` you killed three people retrieving that thing .
there was always the danger that the whole thing would fall down on top of me , but lying exposed in the open was n't a much better option .
no , the thing was literally bursting with cancer and probably dying before i hastened things along .
i wondered if it was pretty , maybe the kind of thing that kiyu collected .
i reached out and grabbed the flutter - by thing .
but when i opened my hand , i threw the thing inside to the ground in revulsion .
` ` did you see the shiny thing , boy ?
once , a warning rattle brought us to a halt , but the snake was a little thing , only a few feet long with no visible mutations .
the white thing was maybe fifty or sixty feet tall and a bit less than that in circumference .
i had to cross my eyes to keep the thing in focus .
someone would have to rename that thing .
damn thing is close , dean said .
rf bands are the only thing not working .
conjure , you ll have the honor of blasting that thing into scraps .
i tried to stop myself from gagging as i turned away , only to find xanthias paused at the bottom of the stairs on his way to his bike , a sleek - looking thing several spaces down .
it was originally owned by a mega tycoon who 'd had the whole thing set up because of his lack of trust of banks or even of the dollar itself .
this thing here , is it not a statuette ? ''
day 4195 thursday the navigator of the alice verified his calculations and finally notified the captain every thing checked .
it did n't seem complicated , but he still could n't even turn the thing on .
his wife had sweetened him up and walt did n't need to work too hard to convince her husband that the atkinson encyclopedia of revised human knowledge was just the thing the church needed for their african charity work .
she was still looking at the thing in her hands .
` ` that thing she was reaching for was probably a gun , '' she said .
the black thing she was holding did n't look like a gun at all .
he dropped the thing and got up , staring in horror and probably wondering if he could add ' very convenient as an improvised murder weapon ' when he finally got around to reviewing it .
the heavy thing hit the ground with a thunk .
the whole thing nearly blew its top , but a few of us managed to release the pressure .
not the sort of thing they d usually share with the likes of us , though .
on what he indicated was deck two , they found the nearest thing to an open space shed seen so far .
when she got a glimpse of the thing , she realized how very mistaken she was .
the barbed thing was well planted , but shed had more than her share of experience fighting with stubborn valves and levering sections of pipe into place .
he loves that thing .
until you showed up , the darn thing used to hang around the capn any time he was nt sleeping in the boiler room or doing his inspections .
unless i m wrong , this should have been worth more than any single thing on the ship .
what do you call this thing ?
why do you think i carry this thing ?
get this thing loaded up .
were not going to have any luck loading that thing up with these three ships all over us , the captain said .
gunner and nita figure the best way to do this is to hook the gig hoist to that cart thing there .
the wind breaker can lift this thing , ca nt it ?
what could that thing do ?
just knowing the thing exists has been enough to keep both circa and westrim from forming an army and breaking their hold on us , he explained , shutting down the turbines and turning a knob that shut off the lights .
that thing is hooked to all of the envelope chambers .
this thing is huge .
the power this thing draws will raise suspicion with the energy board , cerrun said , he was standing alone and pointed to the computer .
` ` the whole thing went up like the fourth of july , '' said witness jorge rosales .
` ` so , how do i make this thing track our iep ? ''
` ` are you going to pull the trigger on that thing or what ? ''
carrying this thing let him know i was nt a raider .
if you re caught with that thing , paxton will kick you out , gabe says .
dad seems to believe that this thing will last longer than people think , he said , pulling down a jar of peanut butter from a cabinet .
well , gabe says , whatever that thing is , you took it from the wrong guy , and its my job to deliver you to him .
carrion my love , do you recall that thing we found , cast - off beside the road ?
against the advice of his brother , he tested his weight on the girder , and the wires suspending the higher end of the thing seemed to hold .
it was the scariest thing he had ever seen , and they intended to walk through it .
it was one of the coolest gifts ever , and even now will marveled at it , sure the creator of such a thing had to be a genius .
it was an old thing , having been stored for months in the medicine cabinet even before the day they were closed in the vault .
take a look through that old file system while i get this thing working again . ''
he could easily blow that thing in .
that thing is weird !
it would take me ten minutes or more to get dis thing outta here on my best day without dese geeks erywhere !
her decayed head must ve been soft because even the high - powered round from his bear , which would normally pass through and leave a gaping exit wound , blew the whole thing to shreds , spraying hair and all manner of funk into the air around her .
one of the men called to her from behind d - prime , bianca , you should see this thing !
you ve been trying to get that name to stick since you lost the damn thing .
i still do nt know how the hell he manages to wield and reload that thing with his prosthetic , but he makes it look cool as hell .
just sharpened dat thing the otha day , too !
that meant the doctor types had to be studying this thing , and the military was keeping this place protected .
where you get that thing anyway ?
says he s been here for a few days working on a fix for this thing .
we have to crack the code in order to fix this thing .
took me three days at the blackjack tables to work up the chips to buy this thing , and that prick gino only had the one .
he raised his glass casually and said , salud , before tossing the entire thing back in one gulp .
fuck , i do nt even really know how to format this thing so it makes sense as you read the exchanges .
i was no writer , by any means , but everyone volunteered me for the job since i was always scribbling in this thing .
shed crinkle her nose in thought when she got to that point and huff , gim me the goddamn thing , followed by a long pause , then , please ?
that bird there is the only thing thigpen could cut loose , and were lucky we got that much .
i can drive that thing , and i m pretty handy with a gun .
kylee cut the shit and told him , heres the thing , nick .
the glass - faced skyscrapers reflected the afternoon sun , and the whole thing glittered .
but with my device well , after a half hour or so , it had generated so much energy that it overwhelmed the capacitor , and the whole thing literally melted down .
i always keep my book bag in the front seat , and i found the freaking thing all the way behind the back seat !
who the hell really knows where that thing could be ?
but ... look , i ve been playing with this thing for a few weeks now .
how much do you think this thing is worth ?
this thing is just begging to get pulled over .
i can see some helicopters in the sky , but none of them seem to be positioned right for cables to suspend that thing .
you see , the thing with leah a cover , said ezekiel , his voice choked .
pointing at the headpiece , jacy said where s my hair supposed to come out of this thing ?
this thing is so tight , gilda had said , that they re going to be able to read your lips .
well they ve got that barbara whats - her - name in that little flimsy thing showing her belly button .
she said rory , there was no way i was going to wear that bulky thing .
there was a sundress , but to her , that was not the kind of thing one wore in the evening .
see that swirly , whorly thing on there that looks like a thumbprint ?
oh you poor thing .
i do nt know , i do nt know if this thing will take us back to the dimension we came from , or another dimension , but its worth trying .
i look around the ship for a moment , admiring its beauty , the closest thing to arbitrus that i ve seen in three years .
` ` well , that would be great , but i ca nt use that thing .
` ` there 's no way i ' m touching that thing again . ''
` ` seven , there are so many places and things i want to share with you when we get back home .
this thing makes the food exactly the way you want it to be , right ?
he used the microwave emitter to inject the door with massive amounts of microwaves , basically causing the thing to start overheating .
naytiri handed me the thing she must have turned it on !
and leave that box thing here .
` ` give that thing to me before you hurt someone .
` ` i 'll demonstrate some basic moves with the real thing and then you can imitate the moves . ''
` ` that thing was a taroldyte ? ''
i hated that thing . ''
cut to : -trisha is holding mcbride as mclachian hands her the thing that was in the package .
once most of quoit was lands that belonged to the rosary but what was once the largest capital city in the world is now the only thing left from that ancient part of history written and not written .
rosary is the type of place where there are a lot of things hidden under stuff , in shadows , and behind faces .
the one dish is the only thing served there so it was easy to know what people wanted .
you ca nt park that thing there !
whatever you did with that metal thing , ericson will at least give you the chance to tell your side of the story .
that flat thing is a chicken burrito ?
the whole thing was fenced off from the main garage and locked with fancy electronic locks that were now completely useless .
the whole thing made her look like skeletor from the old masters of the universe cartoons .
i thought i recognized onea bald dome head and a tattered gray suit who might have once been principal ericsonbut i stopped trying to connect the thing i was looking at with the man i had known .
easy enough to do and not the kind of thing you re going to pick up on a metal detector .
it was a battered looking thing : old and more than a little rusted , like it had been sitting unused in someones garage for the past decade and had only been reclaimed now because there was a little gas left in it .
you d never guess such a petite little thing could scream so loud .
the thing was at least six feet tall and probably weighed more than all of us put together .
there s a lot of steel in the frame of this thing , but i do nt know how safe it would be to try and climb down it .
where did that thing come from ?
now that he was looking at the one thing keeping him from a group of over sixty gods , all of witch had been banished and survived the monsters below , slowly being destroyed .
there was n't a port for miles and whatever the red thing was , it was too small to be a ship .
` ` i would ' ve thought you 'd have gotten rid of that thing by now .
the only thing that i was even able to identify at all was some melted reenforced steal that had come from the outer edge of the base and not a one of them was more than three feet long .
why do you think this thing will help us ?
why wo nt this fucking thing close anyway ?
the docking tube vibrates , huge bolts crack and the metal along its length whines before the whole thing detaches and falls several meters away from the airlock , hanging at a sixty - degree angle .
` ` how fast is this thing ? ''
` ` i ca n't turn this thing off !
` ` so , what did you tell seth first thing in the morning ? ''
` ` i thought this whole thing was an already written text , '' sarah replied , surprised .
` ` yeah , like you needed another reason to call the poor thing back to your obsessive maternal smothering ! ''
as soon as this thing is ready to go , i ' m going to sola .
i got the earth defense override code right here , but without power i ca n't punch the damn thing in .
fuck it , i do n't like talking on this thing anyway .
it was the only thing he had ever ridden that was big enough to support his weight and still have cargo room to spare .
we ca nt let them get the thing , jackson shouted .
at first , i tried to make the thing simply sweep up the pieces , but it was designed to get dust off a carpet , so it could nt swallow an entire lego brick .
the thing about broadcasting electricity is that the electromagnetic pulse , the emp , is the same thing that causes blackouts within a hundred miles of a nuclear bomb explosion .
the full quote is ` ` out of the crooked timber of humanity , no straight thing was ever made . ''
in this particular case , people were not willing to accept electronic substitutes for the real thing .
each part of the house slowly appeared until the whole thing had fully formed itself .
he climbed up into the stool , which lifted him just high enough to see over the top of the bar -- which , surprisingly , gleamed ; it was the one thing in the saloon that looked like it had any attention paid to keeping it clean .
and then , a moment later : ` ` you , uh , may want to turn the thing on . ''
benevolence would have had the thing surrounded by twenty times the hardware that the pirates had .
the only other thing he was wearing was a multicolored , ragged - edged thermal utilicloak ; the thing looked a horror to brazel , but it provided a few dozen places to hide additional useful sharp things and could even produce its own heat for low - temperature environments .
the only other thing he was wearing was a multicolored , ragged - edged thermal utilicloak ; the thing looked a horror to brazel , but it provided a few dozen places to hide additional useful sharp things and could even produce its own heat for low - temperature environments .
there has n't been a single word or direction or sign written anywhere on this thing , brazel thought .
it had to have cost more money than brazel and grond would clear in several lifetimes to build the thing ; the owner had n't bothered to invest in paint .
the heavy table knocked the thing out of the air and then landed on it , crushing it to scrap metal .
grond 's chair barely creaked as he settled his nearly two - and - a - half meter frame into it ; the thing had to be reinforced .
` ` you think were supposed to hide the thing , or ? ''
` ` were figuring that if grond could nt lift the thing without the antigrav pads on , its not too likely that he s going to be able to move it now unless it wants to be moved .
` ` rhundi had this thing custom - made .
` ` i mean remember just yanked us out of tunnelspace , which means she s got her own blockship built into that thing , and she s not shooting at us yet but she might start , '' grond yelled .
` ` is that what the damn thing was for ?
she was going to have to figure out how to get a tunnel bot into this corridor anyway to widen it ; she could nt imagine a single thing the troll could have rigged inside his suite that would keep that out .
he had nt bothered to actually open the thing ; he d just unlocked it .
it looked as if at least part of it was natural , but over the years he d reinforced the roof and managed to power and light the entire thing .
he pushed a button and the thing burst into live , spreading a map of what looked like most of known space across the room .
he held out the weapon to her , butt - first , taking care to never point the business end of the thing at her .
she could feel the subtle vibrations of the thing starting to warm up and could smell the tell - tale , burnt - ozone scent that it produced .
` ` the thing probably locks when they want it to ; its not like they re going to get a lot of drop - ins way out here . ''
the business end of the thing was beaten to pieces but there was no blood on it anywhere .
the thing was awkward and heavy , and i was also trying not to make a lot of noise .
we do nt know where that thing came from .
there s a little metallic disk - type thing .
so if they re using this thing to track you , why have they only showed up on those two occasions ?
i say we throw this thing out the window .
i hated that thing .
well actually i still had to worry about that , i had nt done laundry in quite a while and it was only a matter of time until mr . stone or jasper realized i wore the same thing every day .
this thing was a part of the dream .
i stepped through the closed door onto the patio where the only light was an electronic candle that flickered almost like the real thing .
i gripped the rifle belt over my shoulder tighter even though i had little idea how to use the thing .
the ship itself was an elegant thing , if i had to say so .
` ` how on earth am i going to find this thing ? ''
the thing to help my people come to a ready made home , waiting for us all .
as soon as it was confirmed that this thing worked , i was alerted as to its whereabouts and those working on the project . ''
before i realized what was happening he grabbed hold of my now limp and numb arm and he jammed this blade like thing into the underside of it .
remind yourself to learn how to actually use this stupid thing when you get home !
the atomics were just the thing to weaken the gorgon .
winding through the rooms i came upon what looked like the engine core reactor ; a monstrous thing which looked as if it were alive .
his eyes widened as he gazed at the thing .
` ` why would anyone create such a thing in such close proximity to so many people ? ''
i had thought of going straight to earth but i had no idea where i would or could land this thing without being shot down .
poor thing never saw leon coming , kayt said .
poor thing , melanie whispered .
leon , you get the deck cleaned off and tenji see if you can figure out how to steer this thing .
if they did have things not from the forest they hid them well and certainly did not share them with the outsiders .
how much damage could that thing do , he wondered ?
there was one thing that would make her happy , though it was very short noticeif he d had a dagger of his peoples making he would have given it to her , but he did nt .
there were no trunks or bedside tables where things might be stored .
sweat broke out on rileys skin as major berdis continued talking there are of course grades within the grade that thing , was that what was used on her in the testing centre ?
this thing did nt call to her the way steel did .
she gritted her teeth and looked down at the cold , ugly , blocky thing in her hands .
then it was over and that thing was out of her hands .
we have to use this thing ? !
it was when it fired and that oh so familiar beam of light appeared that she had a problem and nearly dropped the thing .
it terrified her to think of what that thing could do , knowing what a weapon she could hold in one hand could do to her .
he put the thing carefully back in the bag and carried it over to the bin and dropped the whole thing in .
that thing could probably swallow a submarine whole !
we would nt want to blow the thing in half and have it turn into two giant monsters instead .
he considered the possibility one of the others would get this thing before they could .
the thing around her neck !
vann , do nt you dare take that thing off !
how many times do you want to go up and down this thing ? !
and of course , whether aerlid could fix that other thing sticking out of his back .
two strings of necklaces of beads and things that sparkled were loosely tied around the orange wrap .
any change vibrates through the whole thing .
if this thing was nt it looked very much like a jellyfish .
any chance there s a glitch somewhere and this thing blows up prematurely ?
i m rolling on the floor with this thing , fighting for my life .
we need to get this thing to market .
the motel where blue and green had taken her was one thing .
it was so easy to break in here , i m surprised that someone just let you walk off with this thing .
the whole thing rocked and rolled under his weight .
they told me i could take this pretty little thing upstairs here .
do you know how to drive this thing ?
not that old thing .
get that thing away from me !
dr . jamison , said a woman in a white lab coat , what are you thinking bringing that thing in here ? !
i shivered , thinking that that thing was inside my head , and john was behind it .
it started out with a thing .
when i reach the end of the ship , i notice two distinct features ; one is a big metal circle with these things in it that looks like covers for a camera , and the other is a green container .
the front part of this , strange thing , was triangular shaped with a small , round , silver object in its tip .
there is a big , gray , metal shape on the side of the middle of this thing .
they had modified the base , which is very similar to my own , so that they could build this thing to win this battle .
i m driving this thing .
hensleigh , hensleigh he tries to pull the thing out , but instead he pulls it in half .
among nadias things on wrens bedmat , under her dry towel , she found two sealed blocks of protein paste with cores of vitamins and paprika .
goddam things , rose thought , ca nt ever tell if they re stale or not .
that thing work ?
this thing burns , nadia said .
she s mad enough , he thought , and i need the damn thing .
gim me the goddam thing .
i earned the fucking thing .
what s your favorite thing ?
your favorite thing , sanger said .
they both picked up their things and began to follow the stream toward the other end of the tree line .
` ` what 's that thing ? ''
this thing removes the chips .
his attention shifted to the approaching guard post directly ahead of him , the only thing between him and the sector .
better work on finding racquetball on that thing instead !
this is another thing i need to see if i can requisition for the trip back to terra !
sure enough , as kesn makes her food requests a small salad , bowl of cobblestone casserole , and slice of bizzonberry pie her eyes dart to me as she chooses things she thinks i should try .
on the count of three were going to lift this thing off stacey , okay ?
lets try and lift this thing again , mary said .
should n't the lieutenant have dropped that thing 's magic defenses by now ?
okay , we got ta get back in this thing , '' he said .
but there was one thing in here that went with her on every assignment .
fuck , i hate using that thing .
who knows what he was planning to do with that thing ?
it clearly states my name on the thing , and as you can see it is dip sin ... . '' ` ` the game 's up , scrotal .
` ` there 's definitely something going on inside this thing .
have a badge somewhere , blasted thing keeps falling off though .
this thing is set for a land where the only seats are nails and only one bed exists , and it 's eternally on fire . ''
they had pushed and pushed for hours , waiting for help to arrive , before they finally managed to get the thing back in the water .
instinctively , he ducked behind the nearest thing he could find , a rain barrel , and hid himself the best he could .
angrily , sam gripped his banjos neck and swung the thing with all his strength , hitting hobsons right thigh .
she 'd never seen such a thing before .
it 's the only thing he has within his power .
as gaultier flipped through , he saw page after page of the same thing .
she did nt like waiting in queues for hours , or being pushed about by crowds , or finding that the very thing she needed was out of stock .
thanet grange had once been the nearest thing the humble village of tippetts bottom had to a manor house , and the grandest family with the most servants had lived there for many generations until the last of their number , awash with debt and unable to maintain the place despite selling off most of the land , had sold up and slunk away to the anonymity of the city .
maybe this thing is an asteroid close to the moon .
i ca n't move or get this thing off of me .
` ` wow , what 's this enormous thing ? ''
let 's turn on all of our car lights to see what this thing is . ''
we 're all watching this thing .
fortunately , the thing is n't moving . ''
i ' m not sure where they 're getting the metal but the thing they 're making looks like a concrete and metal framework of some sort . ''
the construction of this thing is happening so quickly , i ca n't keep up with them .
` ` that thing must be 15 stories tall already .
i ' m getting more anxious by the minute watching them build this thing . ''
` ` are you saying this 20 mile - wide thing can travel from the moon to the earth in two hours ? ''
i wonder if this is how the internet sounds if i could hear the entire thing with my ears .
` ` fine , take the thing ! ''
i shuffled that thing up well . ''
i just finished the design and the technology upgrades this morning so i m ready to start it now , but i thought i d start first thing in the morning if that s okay .
but he did nt know anyone else able to duplicate the communication device he built so he was fairly sure this had to be the real thing .
you go to bed , ill work up a model and you can help me with it first thing in the morning .
` ` but i refuse to sleep on that thing any longer than necessary . ''
remembering the quiet , artistic woman with an african violet in her hands , i wondered if we 'd all end up in long , silky , artist - type dresses and whether the store in town carried such things .
he showed me around a bit , pointing out things that did n't need pointing out , stretching out his time in this special place .
the lights were n't the only thing that had been turned off .
the only reason i did n't die was that the whole thing did n't go off at once , but the series of explosions behind me meant that the group of men that had come for me was undoubtedly dead or dying and i would join them soon if i did n't get out of there fast .
cherry adjusted , but still had the same thing .
on the bottom side of the spaceship , he found the same thing .
` ` how big is this thing ?
as the picture on the view screens became clearer , josh said , ` ` wow , this thing is big .
the only thing close is here on our asteroid .
i 'll bet if there 's any air in that thing you 'd still have to use breathers . ''
we could see what the inside of that thing looks like . ''
trying to fly that thing in the atmosphere would be murder . ''
josh rubbed his eyes , ` ` we could fit naca in the back of that thing .
he brought it back down until the thing on the floor came back into view .
you keep exploring to see what it would take to get that thing flying .
that thing looks wicked .
the only thing left is the main trunk and it 's just a splintered remnant .
if they added some metal here and here , this thing would look much better .
josh moaned , ` ` i did n't have to have that thing to tell you my pelvis is worse .
can you see that thing ? ''
chapter 8 cherry yelled , ` ` where did that thing come from ?
no , that thing is too small .
` ` that thing wo n't fit the furniture on the ship .
that thing ca n't be too bright .
i 'll go see if that thing recognizes a blaster . ''
that thing might be the key . ''
cherry said , ` ` as fast as this thing moved , i 'll just keep it on this side of the shield .
you 'll need both hands to get that thing ready to fly .
i was going in there to find some things to make my safe place better .
i had the cycle full power and that thing still caught me . ''
i wo n't let either of you have a thing if you 're going to carry on like this . ''
i ' m itching to feel this thing flying . ''
cherry said , ` ` you think that little bitty thing will change anyone 's mind ` ` he stopped when he saw the blaster rifle .
one day you do n't make it back out and that thing becomes a projectile when you have to take off maybe when you 're in a hurry . ''
lydia had not wanted to use it , but now that her daughter had escaped from the edict and her own life was forfeit , she pulled out the last thing the kind eunuch had given her .
` ` plus , i brought the damn thing back . ''
so i offer you the only thing i can . ''
do you know how to work this thing ? ''
` ` the high adjudicant wants this thing gone .
somebody has really gone to some pains to restore this thing .
this thing has an original stereo .
if you want , i can show you where the lawn things are on my way out .
what s your little beepy thing you got there ?
its a temporal spectrometer , not a beepy thing .
what re you doing with your spectral beepy thing ?
how big is the range on that thing ?
is this thing going to hold me ?
did nt want that thing accidentally going off in one of the bags , i say .
if you ca nt make it out there in this thing , come back and use the phone in the diner .
look at the size of that thing , blake says .
okay , how tall is this thing ?
what s that thing on your wrist , decoration ?
you learn to use that thing like its meant to be used .
how do i learn to use this thing better ?
you ve been wearing that thing on your wrist long enough now .
this is one more thing you do nt want going off in your pocket when you are nt paying attention .
now if we can get five of us around this thing , it will get us to my office in belize in 92 .
i loved the old battered up thing .
that raggedy old thing would shake so violently it would have the whole kitchen vibrating .
i m telling you that s the code if that s the code why is nt the damn thing opened !
but there was no time to reminisce on what i should or should have not believed ; i had this thing in front of me and no idea if i should have jumped back down the manhole or run to the safety of the grocery store .
i could not wrap my head around what i had witnessed , how could that thing be real ?
i pulled out the first thing i felt ; it was an axe , long and sturdy , heavy though .
in a flirtatious attempt towards sky i told him , it was the most beautiful thing i could find in the store , for the most beautiful women in the new world ( cheesy yes , yes , i know ) .
i jog towards the other secret thing then stop .
if ya get your thing caught , ill shoot you , myself , smiling , wickedly .
the thing is processing my nasty response .
so , i use the next best thing , my bare arm .
this upper dock is so cool and so is my new zipper , a state - of - the - art fast silver thing .
the thing is one great big piece of stringed stones .
i forcefully tele - shove the wind currents around the ships nose and both pairs of wings trying to stabilize my flight in a horizontal path , before i tele - impact this thing into the mountain side .
i d also like to find supplements , a good selection of first aid stuff , vitamins , band aids , disinfectant , things like that .
~ lydia quickly gathered her things and moved them over to toms area .
mostly canned vegetables , canned soups , stews , that sort of thing ?
candy bars , canned stuff , things that would be great if we were going to stay here - well , maybe not the candy bars , but they have their attraction - sneakers instead of boots , that sort of thing .
bad enough that was when your thing popped off , so i guess you do nt know about it .
he had remembered how he had never really found tattoos attractive on a woman , but she had this tribal thing that started on her left hand , wrapped around that wrist and then sleeved her arm , disappearing under her shirt sleeve .
i could be stuck with this thing in me forever .
i put the poor thing more at fifteen .
although one of the oldest cars still around , it was the fastest thing that i had ever driven .
the thing was too heavy and powerful to be wielded by a human soldier .
the biggest problem was the creek , and the only way the creek was n't going to be a problem was to unplug the thing .
` ` open the damn thing ... it 's not locked , just lift up the lid , '' the voice continued as joe listened .
as he opened the refrigerator , he thought , good thing i brought some food with me , this thing is totally empty .
` ` well , as i said , i was in the tunnel last night , when the whole damn thing started shaking .
this thing about frank is true , and what i said about knowing things about you is true also .
got into a lot of boring shit , and used a lot of fancy words , but the gist of the whole thing was that he felt the thing was getting ready to go at any time .
the whole thing 's computerized from top to bottom .
she got to her feet and retrieved the sack , reaching in and taking out the only thing spearheart had given her .
it was a dusty looking thing with a worn hard - backed cover .
the hearth was the only thing that had remained standing in that house and hogg had often hidden inside it , building a den to play in by herself .
a pretty thing .
the floor was tiled with large grey paving slabs and over the hearth was hung a strange thing ; a metal tube with a wooden handle and some kind of mechanism at the back .
who knows , i might have a thing or two to put on the empty shelves when i get back .
no , the island it 's a man made thing from the early days .
you are n't sticking that thing in me , no way .
that thing it was like ... that was our stone thrower , he said .
still , that thing is huge and will hardly be missed by anyone on the road .
he stared at the thing for a few moments , stunned into a stupor .
` ` only if you know how to use that thing , sir ! ''
the only thing we were allowed to carry was our chest rig and weapons .
` ` you still carry that damn thing ? ''
then suddenly the thing died in my ear and i felt deaf for a moment .
` ` we need to get inside , this thing 's a sitting target . ''
* in the small but inviting bar on board the avalon , a slender bottle of clear fluid was the only thing on the bar between me and burns and he reached over to charge his glass .
but even if i wanted to buy some pointless , cheap thing , i m not here to indulge in purchases today .
how could this thing have changed colour ?
from inside the glass room miya shouts , holy shit , look at this thing !
it slides down the side of the metal thing , taking the bread with it , and begins to hum .
it was the most stupid thing , just an exposed piece of pipe against a painted white brick wall , but i burst into tears at the sight of it .
he weighs the gun in his hand , a small glossy thing not much bigger than his hand , and seems satisfied .
ill show you how to hold that thing properly .
anna inspects my grip on the gun and nods , approving siahs position as well when he takes the thing out of his pants .
i m amazed he can speak with that thing .
i have the bracelet tucked into my satchel , the casing pieced back together and secured by wire until we can return to the lab to analyse each component ; the bangle is the one thing i will never leave in this building of silent technologists .
being slow , i show miya how to detach the magazine , how to load the rounds and put the whole thing back together .
there is energy thrumming in every tiny thing .
what s with that thing , doc ?
i pointed this out to crewman danz when we stunned the thing yesterday .
` ` let me show you a locker for your things , '' he said heading back to the living area .
the worst thing they had was a butter knife and fork , or perhaps a crowbar .
that thing could easily carry her off .
its the second prettiest thing i know of .
and he obviously was nt thinking of her just as a play thing when he suggested she go to be with him .
again the thing looked familiar to sandra , but why ?
i have to take a closer look at this thing !
we should have killed the damn stupid thing .
you just shoved this thing into my hand and told me to run .
a perfect story how do we get this bloody thing off , noal grumbled from beneath a thick forest canopy .
there s a thing here that if you shout into it will echo up and down the mountain .
you poor dear thing .
you mind lowering that thing , cis requested , as jeremy lowered the quill he was holding like a short knife ready to stab into someone else .
this bench had been her place to get away if only for a moment and now it was the only thing left that attached her to the life she once held .
actually i tried to open that weird chest thing from hart industries , and- adam began , but he was cut off .
well , that chest is the kind of thing that you have to see to believe .
i do nt know ; looks like the same thing is on the chest , its nothing i ve ever seen before , alice kept turning pages to see if it continued , and every single page was filled with the unknown cipher .
it was an impressive sight , a light armored vehicle with an enormous tunneling drill attached to its front , the entire thing painted matte black .
the battered old thing was one of his few physical links to his deceased parents .
adam felt his face flush a little , handed her a spare towel , and started looking through the likely places she would have hidden her things .
a codex was a very rare thing in the ancient world , most texts designed to last from those ages were either cut into stone or written on parchment to be stored as scrolls .
alice , if you could take some photos of this thing , get every angle you possibly can , he said .
i mean , i should nt be too far from you , and you d be able to hear me if i shouted , but i have no idea how much deeper this thing is likely to go .
this thing is just a facade , underneath here , like most of the rest of the damn cavern , is olympicite .
you try and blow this thing and you ll send us all to kingdom come , slater asserted .
if he could not get a photograph of it , he would get the next best thing .
i swear , if i die in here today i m going to hunt down and kill the people who built this thing , he said , incredulous .
yeah , so i grab the fucker and just start slamming my fist into it at random points and the thing only starts to go faster .
finally i ve torn the damn thing apart and it drops paul , xo only spoke when it was about the war , and most of his war stories revolved around paul .
the only thing that would stop me from being made into a victim , to stop me from becoming my mother .
time to find emile , find that one thing i missed that one clue to where he might be .
a light tap would be enough to shatter the whole thing .
should nt we all have the same thing , like usual ?
that has got to be the least sexy thing i ve ever seen , fritz said .
lets get this thing programmed up and on its way .
i replied , well , seeing as how i do nt yet know how to fly this thing , yes .
computer - assisted surgery is one thing .
i wrote half the material in this thing .
so , sidney inclined his head toward gammons , this thing gets reset based on those standards .
so i pop up over the tanks hull , business as usual and next thing i know , i m panned out on the ground , and there s this little disk thing halfway buried in my chest plate .
then there was that thing that switched lights off when you clapped ...
it was when you saw they whole thing that you realised just how few cities there really were on seatus .
he leaned towards ogher , do you want curiba to use that thing ?
elshan do you know how to activate the weapons systems on this thing ?
yeah , well were not just yet ... sarge pointed out , we do nt want to be around when that thing goes up .
yicle wound his fingers around each other to demonstrate the coil , so , i reckoned someone nearby must have a thing to make a changing magnetic field , even to control the nanobots .
well , i jus destabilised the bolt from my rifle , so it d collapse shortly after i fired it ... where d you learn to do that , i did nt even know our guns could be recalibrated manually apart from it being insanely dangerous that thing could have blown up in your hand !
makes sense ... well have to have some forensics go round the place ... ariot sighed , knowing the spy would not have left a thing .
yes , and i begin to think that kind of thing should be a bit more secure , but go on , ariot commented darkly .
elshan gave a shake of his head , ogher shrugged , i have nt the foggiest how the thing works !
its that thing there ... tania pointed helpfully .
s obvious int it ... she chewed suavely on her bar , i sawed them set up and the shimmering fake see - through thing .
over near the bathroom door , slowly making its way towards her a funny little dome thing .
i hope you do nt mind there s some sugar if you need it i should have had her bring in some of those sweet biscuit things as well ... damoclus muttered .
in the meantime , whatever happens , i m going to fix this robot , ariot looked down at the sad thing , tania , would you like to help me ?
they take pity on me , the call me ' poor child ' , ' poor thing ' and ' poor little dear ' .
a discarded thing they have cast down into the mud .
wow , that thing is a major league pop up .
a two level parking lot was one thing , but when she saw the doors leading to the inside of the offices , she found an elevator .
we do nt need that thing anymore .
and i m making them dirty again by putting them in that nasty plastic thing .
oh you poor thing , she said , patting the top of her head in a matronly way .
do you take that thing around and do concerts with it ?
oh , you poor thing , she murmured , taking her daughter into her arms to comfort and soothe her .
i know you call it liquid candy and that it was a new world order plot to make american kids fat and stupid , but its the only thing that works .
once they were cleared and nathan drove the car downhill into the underground parking garage , he said why is it that every time i go through that thing i m tempted to click my heels together and shout heil hitler ?
let me fix my face a little and touch up my hair before you turn that thing on , suella said .
do i have to wear the same thing next time ?
i decide on the same thing i wore yesterday , fixing my hair in a ponytail again .
there s a helmet type thing completely surrounding my head .
well , burn inside the damn thing !
he dared not look down in case the soft thing he d found to anchor himself to turned out to be a breast .
once he d stepped through the glowing entrance thing , i lost him .
the noise of that thing nearly drove me mad as a teenager .
suddenly things were falling into place .
woah , this thing 's neat , cameron said , as he fiddled with the control system .
except he was n't entirely sure he was even holding the thing the right way up .
a little emblem , thing , nate said .
the bloody thing had cost him a bomb and was let down by one cheap hinge .
well start first thing tomorrow , obi - wan replied .
his projection was only half - a - meter in height , but suddenly it seemed to be the only thing in palpatine 's office .
if this thing tips over it will take me an hour to get it straight again .
lets keep this thing moving .
he had seen that thing on the mans wrist , when the man had looked down at it , like a clamp on a weak tomato plants stem .
the material reminded him of things he d seen floating in on the kuroshio current among the coconuts , kukui nuts , and bicycle parts , ranging the many colors of vegetables , all shapesusually small sizesand with typically inscrutable functions .
wait , did the thing at vestas have something to do with this ?
they combed the surface of the earth , above and below , for resources to plunder and places to keep their things .
he stepped aside , allowing her to unroll the thing to its full , ugly length .
the thing had a typewriter attached , but the almost magical thing about this contraption was that it did nt need to be attached to the telegraph line at all .
i had never seen such a thing - it was a cylindrical object , made of shiny silver metal , with a bright light that shone out from the end of it when she pressed a button on top of the thing , like a magic wand .
i had never seen such a thing - it was a cylindrical object , made of shiny silver metal , with a bright light that shone out from the end of it when she pressed a button on top of the thing , like a magic wand .
the butler leaned down and grabbed my arm in a grip at once so forceful and sudden that i gasped , and stuck a hypodermic needle into it - at that time i had no idea what such a thing was , nor what it might be called - i only knew that a sharp pain had hurt my arm and i cried out in a loud voice .
a five - story high steam - ship stood there , and the whole thing was chock full of refrigerated meat .
i gripped the doorknob with both hands and twisted it with all my might but the stubborn thing would not turn !
chug , chug , chug , the diesel generator coughed along , the largest metal piece scraped into position and the whole thing clunked and grinded and clattered like a truck with a defective engine .
' are you going to leave that thing sticking out ? '
i grab the nearest thing , negrita and push her against the hole .
i throw a bit of wood on the stove and give the grate a rattle to get things going then put the kettle on .
' you star nelly , you stood up , you clever thing , ' i say in my baby voice .
i should really just drink a bottle of coke and give her the empty but i ca n't resist buying her the obscene plastic flashy thing .
nel chews on the dinosaur and helps me to open the big box with the flashy thing .
we wash it down with hot tea while nel smears her piece all over the flashy thing .
nel adores the box the flashy thing came in .
using hot soapy water , i try to remove the chocolate cake that is smeared all over the flashy thing and has cemented itself into the rollers and spinny bits .
the water gets into the workings and the thing goes haywire , flashing and buzzing , counting to ten in an annoying american accent and playing old mcdonald had a farm in chinese .
she collects the batteries up and , after sucking on them , tries to put them in the flashy thing .
nelly kicks and knocks and shakes the flashy thing and bashes the battery compartment with her dinosaur , saying , ' kill , kill , kill . '
she pokes and prods the flashy thing and bashes it with her dinosaur while enzo hovers about , vying for her attention .
the flashy thing has gone .
castor has a word with me about contraception and puts a little coil thing inside my womb that he says will stop any unwanted babies .
i ' m dead keen on a two headed dragon but nelly keeps turning the page back to a little swallow , so the decision is made : a swallow on my right arm and a yinny - yangy thing between my shoulder blades .
the next morning we visit the people who were n't at the jam session to say bye , pile all our things and kids in the middle of the room , and click !
' stupid thing , ' he says , and throws it away , slings the gazelle around his shoulders and trots off across the dry grassland .
' camillo was my dummy run , this is the real thing . '
footsteps of who or what kind of thing ?
he had loved that thing more than anything else in this globe .
the thing seemed to glow in the dark .
the thing reeked of decomposing excrement .
that thing got enough juice to make it to denver ?
what 's it really like , riding on that thing ?
this , um , thing that this phrogg has , either in his possession , or in his head , could well be the golden goose .
i placed the thing up to my head and the light flashed so brightly that it blew right out of the socket !
a young brunette with a pinched face stuck her head out from an upper floor window and shrieked back down at him : shut that bloody thing off , you stupid sod !
blasted thing slipped off of me , luv .
why should i have to take the bloody thing ?
she did her best , she truly did , and after willy and the prince left her high and dry , the poor thing died ( maybe from a broken heart ? )
cc came back into the room and whispered , she 's out for the count , the poor thing .
the thing was scorched and beat up pretty good .
did n't i tell you that i would return your frog first thing in the morning ?
a rotating pool of 10,000 inducers could generate , hmm , i ' m guessing here , so i 'll be a bit cautious let 's guess that this thing can provide 10 to 30 percent of the communitys power needs , by using ten percent of the population .
this thing , once proved safe and viable , can blow everything out the water , i bullshit you not .
can this thing ( along with the othernet and the third eye patch ) be controlled and regulated by way of a global tax ?
rumpy is in the air , and will be here first thing in the morning .
as the thing rose higher and higher , the expanding shape revealed itself to be a massive black pyramid , framed by arrays of dim flashing lights .
57 : cocoa brown 's last stand cocoa brown , after failing to disable the laser , decided that it would be for the best just to toss the whole frigging thing over the side of the castle .
do you have enough fuel in this thing to get me to helsinki ?
i say we sign the bloody thing , said brenda .
after i recited the letter to aea , i burned the bloody thing , which turned out to be a good thing in the end , as you will soon see .
i began to rub her naked shoulders and sue began to purr just like a cat , and then i goosed the particles and suddenly the spoon was very hot in my hand and then it collapsed into itself like melting plastic , and i dropped the hot thing onto the floor .
the third eye patch was indeed a game changer and bervirt was the most likely catalyst to manifest this thing into an applicable reality .
adolescent primate males are biologically hardwired to let off excess sexual steam , and a waste is a terrible thing to mind the herd must be kept moving and be given things to do and smash !
tell me kurt , just what does this thing do , this thingy with the avocado name on it .
the guy pounding the lambeg , stumbled in panic over the burning drum , trapping his foot in the blasted thing .
that thing could have taken out the whole island of titian , if that plane had crashed on takeoff .
only weeks ago , professor einstein and more than 70 leading physicists petitioned the president to not use this thing on the japanese .
the thing stopped moving .
he could nt get the womans voice out of his head as ash pulled him deeper and deeper into the store in search of the things they needed .
they both looked at each other as they drove by the thing .
sure thing , buddy .
the thing was aiming for a woman and two little girls who d just run out of the museum of contemporary art .
cmon , he muttered as he waited for the thing to find a connection .
as if two steps or ten miles would make a difference if the thing went off .
conceived back when an atom bomb was the scariest thing man could scare other men with .
you killed so many people with tha ' thing and ... i don ' think i could ' ve done i ' .
i wish you would n't abuse the furniture tors , this thing was frayed enough .
surprised either of you could sleep after seeing that ... thing .
maybe it was just our imaginations , or a natural phenomenon- -there was nothing natural about that thing .
and try not to shoot me with that thing .
as he sat with his back resting on the combat - pod 's petal , he felt the vibrations from the bang of another bullet denting the thick metal ; those things can survive most impacts , bullets were never going to do much , merely a scare tactic .
that cast thing 's been given to the soldiers who want to fight on ; heals the injuries quicker .
if gas ca n't travel through space , how did these things get here in the first place ?
you seem better with a proper bow , so this is the closest thing .
he looked at the thing with disgust , before putting it in his armour 's utility belt with the other one .
they have a thing implanted in their brains , he rustled through his pockets , producing the two eggs , these things .
has nt he already pulled the trick at the same critical moment , materializing like a ghost with that metal thing on his head , making you think : what the hell is he up to ?
now the thing seems to be a big inverted funnel i m wearing .
come to think of it , the thing on my head looks more like a futuristic dunce cap than anything else .
putting off the choice ill finally have to make : either take my chances with the machine or remove the thing from my head and leave this house for good and take my chances with what s left for me of forward - moving time outside ?
look , i know what my uncle wrote you about , that thing down in the cellar .
baseball was the thing that flashed on ( or the thing that i allowed to flash on ) in my built - in display monitor .
baseball was the thing that flashed on ( or the thing that i allowed to flash on ) in my built - in display monitor .
i told her this and said i would mail it to her first thing on arriving .
he wanted me to help him with the thing .
it was out of place , cheap - looking , like the things you used to get from omar the mystic a kids serial harvey could have pulled in from the thirties that night by sending in ten box - tops of kelloggs corn flakes plus twenty - nine cents .
leave her the way shed been stored in my brain , forgotten but available and now summoned up : faded , that s true , but life - size and human , not reduced to a thing jerking across a screen .
she saw me ostentatiously reading the outrageous thing but said nothing .
two hundred dollars is what you said he charged you for that thing around your neck .
if he could manage with a single sensor instead of the present four then conceivably it could be smuggled into a gift , a sizable decorative object , something bulky , maybe a statue with the sensor within , a 19th century negro groom thing , for example , with the lens masquerading as one of the goggling eyes .
( he did nt even go outside to watch me burning things in the garden although i did see him at a window inspecting the job . )
i d do it myself , bust the goddam thing .
had nt stuck that thing on his head for days now , hanna had told me jubilantly .
she says : not counting that time she came and rang and rang and he d opened up with a thing on his head and pushed her away .
no , now the thing on my head looks more like a dunce cap than anything else .
in the forest he was making things .
` ` fire the damn thing . ''
if she had n't still been feeling the rush of shooting the thing down she might ' ve had the same thought .
the doors of the train slid shut and keeble was distracted , which was good because the only edible thing kim could find was half a mars bar with fluff coating the end .
the door was solid , as was proper in such an important structure , but also a thing of great beauty .
the dwife , her floral dress trying to compete with the drab but not having much luck , sat at a desk with a black thing nestled between her shoulder and drooping head .
when she saw him she surged back , and the thing fell away from her ear .
keeble asked , pointing at the black thing .
` ` [ i reckon that thing has n't sounded so good in twenty years . ] ''
` ` [ the first thing we have to do is get that damn thing off him so we can work out what the hell it is . ] ''
` ` so , you ' ve had absolutely no luck with the thing and hope tuki will use it and show you what you 're doing wrong ?
` ` i could pull the thing apart too , does n't mean it would do anything after i put it back together . ''
` ` a bit of a head start on working out how to use this thing would have been nice , but we still have all the power for the moment .
the only thing they had n't touched was the skyglass thing .
the only thing they had n't touched was the skyglass thing .
` ` okay , some parts of your plan have merit , but there 's no way in hell you 're going to drive this thing . ''
so do n't touch a damn thing . ''
and anyway , if you could damage this thing you would ' ve found a way inside years ago . ''
` ` let 's find this thing . ''
the smallest ship was a vaguely plane shaped thing about the size of a jumbo jet .
if one little thing is out , nothing works properly .
there was a large depression in the console where such a thing might have fitted .
` ` i hope this thing does n't run on windows , '' kim said , voice quavering .
` ` well then , i guess i could go work out how to fly this thing . ''
which would mean that the thing they stole from area 51 had only been a plane after all .
` ` switch that damn thing off , would you . ''
` ` we do n't even know how to fly this thing properly , '' keeble added .
are they training grenades , or the real thing ?
the horse immediately took the fruit and chewed on the morsels while richard packed up his things .
but make sure that 's the only thing you lay .
it helps pass the time and i ' m hoping it actually helps our friend back in jacento tell us what in the hell that thing was .
this used to be a grand place by the look of things .
i m ashamed and angry at myself for becoming what i amthis helpless thing cuffed to the wall .
it was nt anything valuable , but i knew it was the kind of thing girls like , and what else was i going to do with it ?
i spray the thing with bullets .
i stare at the thing , mesmerized .
i ca nt help but look back every few minutes , searching for movement , for a tear in the bag , though wade assures me the thing is securely bound .
the hell is that thing , anyway ?
the thing was meant to run .
we clear it off and lift the thing .
luckily , i had just the thing .
the thing talked about so much but never really felt inside of the city ?
if we can break a part of the system , maybe we can bring the entire thing down .
how lang she bin in tha thing ?
guid thing ah dinnae throw the wee things ou , murmured duke as the doors of the truck slammed shut and the engine gurgled to a restart .
` ` now i just need you to teach me how to use this thing . ''
every lavish thing in the palace i had taken for granted , just like i had taken my family for granted .
shall we see what this thing can really do ?
i ve travelled a fair bit over the country , and i ve seen these things everywhere .
gancus , the white furry beast was now a thing out of a legend ; its long feline body , more graceful and agile than pumas , was snow - white ; its tail , a whip of electrocytes which generated an electric shock , was covered with ample fluff , which stood up when it was charged with a high voltage .
i am thinking we are going to want to make this thing quick and agile , but tough as hell , gordon said .
this thing is going to be a tank , gordon said , thinking of a big clunky ship .
the entire thing could travel through space and would be very hard to withstand as a base of operations against even the alliances defenses .
each of these platforms holds about thirty attack ships , that in combination with the weapons on that thing it would be almost unstoppable , in close range to a planet .
at least sixteen torpedoes per platform spaced out along the entire thing with the small weapons hitting the individual ships in case any do nt get destroyed by the torpedoes .
yes , i doubt they have given that thing two foot thick armor plating , even if they have the bubble should weaken it enough , that the shard should be able to pierce it , david said .
the whole thing looked like giant bullet holes shot from the inside of the ship .
wow , you guys were nt kidding about taking out a lot of ships , the javelin pilot said , this thing is pretty bad ass .
as the bombs deprived the decrepit tower of its last remaining structural integrity , the whole thing toppled forward under its own titanic weight , shaking the earth under an epic tonnage of collapsing wreckage that kicked up a cloud of dust so large and thick that it would be clearly visible from space .
you are pretty good with that thing , he praised her talent with the rudimentary weapon .
he pointed at a device that hung under the dashboard of the truck , what is this thing ?
there s no chance of opening this thing up to let anyone in while that mob of ghouls is dancing all around us .
critias guessed , so you at least know where this thing is ?
it prompted critias to ask , this thing can really cross thirty meters ?
the thing could casually persist without fresh oxygen , but carmens grip that crushed its windpipe did prevent it from uttering any feeding call to attract more of its kind .
if the thing ever stood fully erect , the hunter would have been more than a full meter taller than critias .
he told her , go to the cockpit ; see if this thing looks like it will still fly .
he bent down , grabbed the car below the rocker panel , and then used his mechsuit strength to lift the side of the car to roll the whole thing over onto its top .
we came here together to protect the futures of both our species and i made sure your inhibitor thing remains inactive .
critias pointed to their transparent tank , so what is that thing you are building there ?
a short beep could be heard before a thin monitor began to unfold from the flat wood of the desk in such a way that dastou , normally seated on the other side , would be able to use it ; the saint had an affinity for hiding things in plain sight .
a dust - covered sign , which mentioned the train lines that ran through this station and featured a detailed map , was the only really dirty thing at ground level .
there was no color coordination to anything , the mish - mash of hues lending a look that said we got this from somewhere , and this thing next to it from somewhere entirely different .
saan thought the dingy thing looked like it was stolen from the front entry of the oldest suburban home possible .
i was looking away when i was ducking from the shooting , and saw this thing on the ground .
if the batteries have nt been replaced recently , said nes after seeing the three green lights , those efficient little things could have been on for four full days to have the minimum power needed for that .
the pebble finally fell , saan almost missing the small thing as it entered the lit area near the candle - filled tables .
i wanted this pretty thing .
the ragged bunch under vaisss control did nt search him , so the tiny thing in his ear was still in place .
it was not a counterfeit or copy ; this was the real thing .
once the thing was down , saan heard an excited , rough male voice call out to her .
it took most of a day and tired everyone out completely to get the job done , but afterwards the thing looked like a white - with - black - trim dream machine .
he also heard a big metal thing hit the floor behind him , glass breaking after .
at least if this thing was going to be used again they d have to put it back in working order .
alright , lets get off this thing , said dastou .
then she was back , holding an orange fluffy thing with straps .
another blink and trenna was right next to him , moving him onto his side , another fluffy orange thing with straps in her hands .
why did you let him pick up that thing ?
we only took one shuttle down , so we all have to leave and not get the water tap installed if you want to take that thing to a hospital , lord chopra warned him .
not surprisingly , the thing looked virtually untouched .
it was expected that her own dna would be on the thing seeing it was registered in her name , but eriks dna would help prove that he was the deadly sniper .
as though it were his fault that dear , departed grandma was cheap and purchased an imitation tiffany instead of the real thing .
though stanley did a thorough job during its posthumous clean - up , the thing is dull and weather - worn , and still smells of damp earth .
the workmanship that must have gone into its manufacture ... it 's a beautiful thing .
i close the case , return it to the box , and turn my attention to the garage - door - remote - like thing .
was where you found this thing in your backyard at all disturbed ? ''
for another , depending on how far the excavations had progressed , the penny would be an anomaly and thrown out anyway because it would be the only thing that did n't fit .
why do n't you just leave the thing in the backyard for a few days ? ''
the camera goes on the same way and then the whole thing gets strapped onto mickey 's back with an abundance of surgical tape around his midsection .
the whole thing must weigh at least as much as the animal itself .
` ` so you 're saying no matter how many times we test this thing , you 'll never be willing to let me try it for myself . ''
we were the ones who charged that thing in the first place . ''
what if there was just enough juice left in the thing to incinerate the officer as well ?
i hate the jumpsuit , always feeling like a wannabe ninja wearing the thing .
things seem out of place as though they do nt belong here .
the other thing is a robo !
how can we turn off that tube thing in the fire grate ?
pull the whole thing apart if necessary .
they ' ve just used the invisibility thing and left yea station right under our ( expletive deleted ) noses .
then we could grab that necklace thing and make a run for it !
ella thought about what a geeky looking thing martin was .
this was the coolest thing ever .
` ` this thing will kick so do n't put your face on it . ''
` ` you think you can hit a deer with that thing ? ''
just shoot the dang thing . ''
maybe during the next five years she would never have to shoot the stupid thing at the enemy .
` ` this thing is filthy .
` ` dardan probably claimed it was from the gods , then forced some poor slave to lug the damn thing around until we settled here and founded troy . ''
the damn thing was so easy to steal because it was in some musty corner of the temple , which had long been abandoned when its priests jumped ship to their comrades over the wall . ''
contents title page copyright dedication chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 afterword 1 i opened my leg and dug around inside , trying to figure out what was wrong with the blasted thing .
when the hovercell hit the nearflow , the whole thing started to shake .
the thing was shaking so bad i could hear my boot rattling on the bench across the roomso bad i snapped off the tip of the chicken bone inside my leg .
the hovercell was dropping fast and my stomach was doing somersaults , but i d gotten out of these things before and i knew just where to place my hands and feet .
he would ve gotten a solenoid through the skull too , if i d been able to trigger the blasted thing on cue .
it was hard to believe there was a thing in the world the civs had nt gotten their grubby mitts all over .
its the closest thing we have to a city hall .
but i had places to go and things to steal .
get that crackler installed first thing , chester , vilaris said .
quit being paranoid and fly the blasted thing , i had to tell myself .
this is not the kind of thing that just snaps in half from a sharp rock in the wind .
it seemed the only way i d ever be rid of this thing was if i underwent major surgery or took my arm off at the elbow .
the whole thing looked welcoming enough , except that there were monks streaming out of doors and onto balconies , aiming crossbows and ballistae in our direction .
might as well stay that way while we still can , or they ll turn this thing into a pincushion .
we got ta find someplace to land this thing , vilaris said .
its gon na be a chore to fly this thing without ballast tanks , but at least well stay afloat if the main bag loses pressure .
no way were going up in this thing again , i said as we entered the control capsule through the gash in the claritys hull .
eliza had made us a hearty stew of carrots , onions and potatoes with chunks of meat , just the thing to warm our bones on a night like this .
the thing was deceptively heavy for its size .
arianne suddenly remembered the metalic thing that richard had given her .
that thing could have used just one grenade , killed everyone up there , and wrecked that equipment too .
they just wrapped them in this burrito thing that had the igniter and the propellant built in .
basically , the whole thing was like an armored two piece eye socket .
the whole thing seemed to be mostly designed to process proteins ; and , from what we could tell , they worked in a constant state of ketosis .
now he was a tall kid , maybe six four and a bit , and she was just a little thing .
these things were made for one thing , and one thing only - to kill , and they were unbelievably good at it .
the explosion blew it thirty or forty feet up with pieces flying off of it and the damn thing just rolled in midair and hit the ground at a full sprint .
one hit from his pick and that horrible thing would have shattered ! ''
once we have copped the lot we can return and use that box thing ! ''
` ` if we jump off the back of the boat shed we can try and make a run to that transport thing . ''
` ` we will have to find some other method of getting up this thing ! ''
she rose quietly so as not to wake ben , and after checking on their daughter , filled a small bag with things from a cupboard and slipped into the still - darkened field .
it 's ... well ... we found this thing in the rhine , it 's called a moveable - type - printing - press and , well it 's hard to explain if you do n't know how to read .
if today the general dies like we think , then you need to be watching and listening , so i can go and get the thing we need .
and when you bring our shooter his thing , you stay with him and make sure he does not get into trouble with it .
an folks say it ai n't right ta ' have addware , but i said , soon as i seen that bugger in the rhine with this thing nailed ta ' his face , i said boys , rip ' er outta him and jam an ' jam ' er in me .
users can already open doors with no controls , what does this thing do ?
the thing usually hung limp and useless , except to a user .
her fingers were too stiff anyhow , she could barely hold the thing , certainly could n't hack her way outside .
opening it he realized it might be a poor decision , so he drank the thing quickly and tossed it away to gambol onward .
julian would have smashed the thing long ago , but something had told him he would need it if he ever entered the depths of the station again .
he fumbled in his jacket for the flashbox , and pulled it out , forgetting that he had not turned the thing on .
julian had n't spoken , but his stare bore into sebastian 's back while he struggled to dislodge the thing .
the thing emitted a faint purple glow .
disnee looked at it like he wanted to snatch the thing and run off .
you might want to leave that thing behind .
` ` i used to work the hill you know , when i was younger , and underneath it is the kickboxing arena ... '' he trailed off and stood for a while , staring at the heaped - up thing .
we 'll assume that they used it for construction of skyler base and it was big and bulky but it was the best thing they had to cut the door open .
but the one thing they do n't have is radios .
were going to be stuck in this thing for over a year .
do you have any idea how fast you could play freecell on this thing ?
this thing is worth a hundred pair of sunglasses .
the only thing he did not bring , which he eventually came to regret , was a pair of sunglasses .
you can even build a house out of it , or at least a toy house : but could you build a real house out of it or would it take just one stiff wind and the thing would blow over ?
i invented a non - maskable interrupt or nmi - based system and hooked the whole thing up to the serial port on the pc .
all on his own , rei came up with a better way : does nt it seem kind of stupid to keep turning the ark , just so we can slow down , then turn the whole thing again to produce the ppt tunnel ?
they expose the radioactive core and the whole thing powers up .
this tug is the only thing that survived .
` ` is someone going to take charge of this thing , or are we just going to fumble around all day ? ''
` ` ca n't this thing hold a charge for more than five minutes , '' she said with growing desperation .
` ` great , we 'll leave first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` no , i mean i ca n't even get the phone to come on , which is totally crazy , because i just charged this thing this morning . ''
i m keeping this thing as a souvenir .
couple whacks with a sledgehammer and the whole thing went toppling .
is that thing on ?
i ca nt believe i m putting this thing on .
we know the thing works .
why did you bring that thing ?
i better not hear that thing go off .
you know your phone thing worked ?
actually , i called an old friend first thing this morning .
no , you d destroy that thing in a heartbeat , jeff .
we almost blew the whole thing right there .
i ve been staring at this thing for a long time .
lets get this thing unloaded and celebrate our victory the right way .
the only thing that clattered to the floor was my key ring .
i did nt even know if that other place had those things .
after she took my ordersteak , eggs , hash browns , toast , and milki watched her saunter to the thing they hang orders on and spin around to the cook .
that old thing ?
that would be the tricky part ; the red berries would be near the humans , and he did nt like the pointy things poking him .
every time they try to slink , they stumble into things , grumble , pick up the thing they stumbled into , and throw it .
the first thing he threw hit the pile of logs , and all the other noises stopped .
he was throwing the second thing when one of the humans stepped out of the pile of logs to say hello with a pointy thing .
he was throwing the second thing when one of the humans stepped out of the pile of logs to say hello with a pointy thing .
he did nt throw it at the human with the pointy thing , though ; he did nt know him well enough for that yet .
the human , who was quite a bit a shorter than him , quite a bit smaller than him , and a lot less hairy than him , was grumbling in a most friendly manner , approaching umfarg with the pointy thing out in front of him .
umfarg moved toward the berries , which were right beside the human with the pointy thing , and fully expecting the human to let him have the berries .
he was just about to the berries when the human leapt forward in greeting and swung the pointy thing at him .
the last he added in explanation ( it meant skunk pee ) , but it did nt seem to translate very well , since the human lunged and swung the pointy thing at him again .
he could have dodgedall the other ogres said he was agilebut decided to grab the pointy thing and pull it out of the humans hands instead .
it was a bit risky , but he managed it fairly well and tossed the pointy thing aside as he reached for the red berries .
the human who had said hello with the pointy thing was standing close by watching him , but umfarg ignored him .
even when the human went to pick up the pointy thing , he did nt pay much attention .
` ` i spoke with them first thing after visiting with turtle man .
the thing she saw sparkled like orange and green gems and then the image faded but she knew they were directing the glowing fluid into the canisters they had brought to the clinic .
she fumbled through her things until she found the small make up kit , brush and a cheap bottle of perfume she had purchased .
she had seen the latest technology , had used nearly all of the available systems and they were nearly undetectable at 1000 feet or greater but this thing , this thing felt like it was hovering only feet above the trees and it was perfectly invisible .
she had seen the latest technology , had used nearly all of the available systems and they were nearly undetectable at 1000 feet or greater but this thing , this thing felt like it was hovering only feet above the trees and it was perfectly invisible .
but there was something strange about this thingthis thing looked human , or that was the way it viewed its appearance but it was something very different .
he had devastated many worlds with his experiments and he had seen many things that hinted at a place that existed at the end of time .
that wood , which the elf held could have only come from tol and nothing he knew of could have forged such a thing .
i do n't see you using that strange bending thing , very clever to make it look like you could walk by the way but you seem fully healed now . ''
declan murmured , hey sis , why do nt you be the first to touch this thing .
lets just try to say something that might get this thing closed .
well acquire this thing and have it brought back .
i mean what the hell is this thing , the crystal object that were going after ?
what was that thing you two were sent to recover ?
the ignited blade of a mystics sword is the only thing that can break open this cursed shell that they imprisoned me in , and set me free .
some fang like thing my master gave me , answered ion hastily , feeling that was slightly out of place amidst the heat of this situation .
how the hell am i supposed to drive this thing ?
i m never losing sight of that thing again .
if there s no gap , can we just sail through this thing ?
an energy surface at the subatomic level was one thing , but this was just ordinary water .
seriously , that thing looks like something a dainty victorian would fan herself on after she fainted .
whatever the hell you had before with your five oclock shadow and perfectly trimmed thing around your mouth .
this thing kills people too quickly .
hand me that glowstick - looking thing right there .
just as he gets off the whole damn thing just sinks .
~ lydia quickly gathered her things and moved them over to jakes area .
he traces the inside of my arm , his fingers sliding over the cool metal and , for the first time since i woke up with that hunk of machinery on the other end of my elbow , i am wishing that i could feel the damn thing .
she s an attractive girl , a tall and willowy thing , with plump lips and almond - shaped eyes .
go ahead , i m open to any ideas that do nt involve us getting fried by that thing .
then i m going to crash this thing into the annihilator .
i fire a warning shot , hoping to scatter some of the mps before i blow the thing to smithereens .
my teeth gritted , i fight to get control of the massive thing , nearly going upside down as i overcompensate by jerking left and nearly plowing into another , parked aircraft .
i m grateful her bionic hand is dead because if i were holding that thing , every bone in my hand would likely be shattered by now .
the poor thing keeps trying to hurt herself .
they doctors have diagnosed her with post traumatic stress disorder , the poor thing .
he stepped closer as if trying to figure out any thing he could work with .
tom jumped as he realized the skeleton was not some left over party decoration , but the real thing .
tom , i will talk to you first thing in the morning .
this thing , is it like a mesh , or what ?
that thing is supposed to be invisible !
the only thing that could ever remain would be the m - tag .
it tasted just as good as the real thing though .
` ` so this thing is worth sixty - six mill ? ''
i turned the thing off .
i stopped when i saw the sign ; the first thing i remembered seeing as a child when we moved here .
there are just too many fluid parts to bring this thing together .
~~~ by the time morning came , i had about three hours of sleep , and i was running on fear ; fear that i would nt get things in place in time to save these people , fear that i might not be able to keep my promise to bailey .
its time to join everyone and get things in place for my beautiful family of refugees .
she was just another broken thing protesting his touch , like the fallen guitar all those years ago .
` ` the whole thing was filled with that swirling blue glow , like light in water .
i hurried , since i did n't know how long the thing would be on .
` ` smoke says the thing i went through sounds like a waygate .
but smoke says the thing on arborus did n't look quite like their waygates .
xia had n't seen her friend carry that thing for a long time .
` ` i wonder if he ever even read this thing .
it 's not ideal , but no one makes this kind of thing anymore , '' the lyran told him , pulling the cigar from his muzzle and gesturing with the smoldering tip at the cybernetic hand .
` ` this thing was prefabricated , '' he complained .
that kind of thing was for the shows , theoretically to remove potentially lethal air from the needle .
she knew every nick and scratch , every dent durwin had put in the thing .
by the covetous hunger in her brown eyes , the gown was probably the single most expensive thing she had ever seen in her life .
the black market protein coating favored by pirates and smugglers the galaxy over was the only thing he knew of that could protect against an em pulse , but it was very expensive and illegal .
the starstalker 's fashionable silver hull sizzled and sparked with green light , then the whole thing went dark .
` ` what the hells is that thing you 're wearing ?
it was a towering yet decrepit thing , a massive , graceless piling of dark siltstone and riveted metal that looked as though it would topple at any moment .
you could fit a train through that thing , brooke said , putting her pinky in the gap .
this stupid thing never works !
so do nt you for one second think i give the slightest squeeze of a shit about you or what s inside this thing .
why you always bring that thing inside with you ?
if we sell it and get it off our hands , you ll be free of the contraband and vantanible wo nt be able to pin a thing on you .
it was an unremarkable thing , not much more than three walls and a roof of rusty corrugated steel sheets nailed to a wooden frame .
* * ` ` where do you suppose we 'll find the bloody thing ? ''
` ` how in the world are we supposed to get across that thing ? ''
` ` yes , but we could n't imagine you 'd actually fell down the thing . ''
` ` what did you say this thing was called ? ''
` ` what on earth do they eat with that thing ? ''
` ` could this thing get struck ? ''
` ` get me out of this thing !
what i ca n't believe is that we ' ve seen one in the first place ; they 're probably the rarest thing on xavier . ''
we 're not about to go into that thing at night . ''
second , there 's a good chance that there 's a tracking device inside this thing .
a startled look from collins reminded me that the thing was wired to blow .
makes the thing and what it 's concealing look like it is n't even there . ''
` ` how is this thing gon na make it once we reach thicker stuff than this grass ? ''
* * we scoured the ship for half an hour , but could n't find a thing .
` ` slim chance the temperature did n't break the thing , even less that the satellites are still up and working . ''
` ` yeah , well maybe cia training would have helped you notice that the shiny metal thing he was holding was a syringe .
blew the thing to shreds . ''
` ` calm down , mark , and plug the damn thing in .
` ` hopefully fry whatever 's keeping the thing up , '' he said , ` ` combined , these ten machines should generate around five trillion volts into the field .
jinks walked away ignoring the butler following giving off beeping noises then heard from the thing ` ` orders relayed sir .
he obeyed going into the elevator and spoke the command as ordered by the butler and found the thing went down seemingly lengthy along with feeling of jerking to the side movements felt which he figured to himself that it was taking him either out of the building or some place else in there .
klutzo was her pet name for the recording orb , as the darn thing had been wiped so many times , the constant deletions had effected its navigations .
god , i hope i do nt die on this thing .
it felt like the damn thing struck an asteroid .
the thing buckled around him , pipes protruding from the walls like bones from a broken body .
as soon as it touched her arm , the whole thing prickled .
no offense , sir , but how exactly are we going to fit inside that thing ?
it is , however , the last thing you should fire in closed confines .
i mean , this thing feels like its traveling faster than the speed of light .
his move was so strong he made the thing shake .
we have no idea what that thing can do , she said , trying to ignore the lingering touch of his hands around her middle .
it was honestly as if the damn thing was scared .
about 10 meters high and made of a pitch black matte metal , it was the oddest thing shed ever seen a building within a jungle within a ship .
just like the real thing , says a technician in green , so get used to it .
he pulls a second pistol out , a bulky thing with a single barrel .
that thing gave you all six barrels .
saucer , this thing is going to kill me .
the simulator is a whole suit of armor that feels just like the real thing , except with electric shocks instead of death .
do nt bother , says brat , that thing does nt work for any- the multiblaster lights up .
its a simple thing , just a cannon on legs .
the whole thing stinks of werewolves .
the body of the damn thing was twenty feet long , the tail another fifteen feet beyond that .
he quickly pulled the helmet off of his head , this damn thing is reading my mind .
mike could tell that it was made from the same thing as the mech suit .
i ca nt even get a dial tone on this thing .
can anybody tell me what the hell that thing is ?
yeah man , as soon as we have everybody secure and scout up the elevator shaft , maybe you can figure out what the hell that thing is .
mike positioned the mech armor in the linebacker position , and put the electronics in standby mode , so that he did nt have to power the entire thing back up .
why do we have to get this thing out ?
plus , in a few days , this thing will bloat up and rot , and that will draw insects and other nasty creatures .
mike , i think we need some rope , some nets , and a block and tackle to get this thing out of here .
pang walked over to where it lay , i wonder if this thing tastes like chicken ?
oh yeah , tom answered , i have a montage video on my laptop of people shooting the thing .
the demon in the middle took a curious thing off of his back , held a long vine to its lips , sipped something , and made a smacking noise , indicating pleasure .
well , i thought we would explore this area , find water , food , things we can eat without dying .
doctor russell put on the harness , but she was wearing a skirt , so that made things interesting as she started tucking and poking things into place .
weitz continued , was there any paperwork , anything that could tell you what the hell this thing is ?
mike spoke , can you please disconnect that damn thing to ensure that we do nt suddenly end up floating in space on a charred planet as the sun explodes ?
mike answered , anything that can tell us what the hell that thing does .
eli looked at the ancient , wicked thing .
one by one , they lined up and passed through the lock field , the only thing separating them from the cold grip of death in space .
the butt thing !
enjoying the raucous festivities , with various soldiers bashing each other with the closest thing they could get their hands on - sometimes other lycans - max and jennie sat and chatted with krynos and draagh , telling them about their training earlier in the day , especially where max was slipping throughout the training field , with jennie trying in vain to blast him with her wand .
then they started throwing things ( heavy objects , not roses ) , because that was what lycans would do when they showed appreciation .
` ` now kick them away , and lose that glove thing too ! ''
hey , does this thing still work ? ''
she 'd gone inside the multifunction mining machine to repair a busted pipe and the whole thing collapsed .
the whole thing was covered in brown dirt and sand .
how such a thing got into space was a miracle in itself .
she thought to herself that he could probably barely see her around the bulbous thing but she dare n't laugh .
` ` damned thing ! ''
` ` they destroyed a moon with that tiny thing ? ''
the closest thing she had was doctor codon .
look at that thing , i bet he 's armed to the teeth . ''
` ` because this damned thing is n't getting off the ground any time soon . ''
the second slammed into the top of the thing 's helmet , and it toppled to the floor .
the thing reeked of rotting flesh , death , and disease .
` ` let 's get back to my ship and hope the damn thing flies . ''
let me just take this information home with me and ill give you my answer first thing in the morning .
so much metal , so much craftsmanshipthis thing had to have been made using many massive machines of the others .
he intended to find out where such a thing had come from , and to see to it that it was returned to its place of origin .
this was nt the kind of thing you wanted providing material for the opening comedy routines on late - night television .
last july he used me to make sure that this thing worked .
you can go home first thing in the morning .
there re only a few inches of air between us and the roof of this thing , and the walls are closing in fast .
this thing is nt through moving , he said ominously .
i love that thing , she said .
the thing still would nt run , but they worked on it almost every day .
i must get this manuscript to carol and mathew , he thought , and this thing she called a cell phone .
says the car wash thing .
perhaps , says the car wash thing .
at least take me down off this thing .
but they sure look like the real thing .
have you looked at this thing , general ?
this thing packs a wallop .
i got a thing .
one of its many features was a universal translator , which she enable and stuck the thing in her coat pocket .
lilan was wearing a much simpler dress , but still not a thing for sleeping in .
i think the hat looks good , but if you say so ... sara put the large , floppy thing back on the shelf .
except maybe jenny fabin , who had once envisioned designing and building a nine - foot - long quad - and - tv console system as a present for a friend , and when asked how he would get it from his garage to the friend 's house , it being so huge when built and weighing so much , had replied , ` ` no problem , man , i 'll just fold it up - i ' ve got the hinges bought already - fold it up , see , fold the whole thing up and put it in an envelope and mail it to him . ''
the last thing jerry said to them all was ` ` bring my things later on - bring my new jacket with the beads on the back . ''
arctor said to barris , ` ` what about your electronic cassette thing rigged to the front door ? ''
does a passive infrared scanner like they used to use or a cube - type hole - scanner like they use these days , the latest thing , see into me - into us - clearly or darkly ?
some darn thing placed directly there , with nothing you can do about it such as selecting anything or changing anything .
i started the whole thing going .
all i have to do , he said to himself , is move this thing counterclockwise .
how big is this thing ? ''
the thing kept making intermittent electrical connection , that 's all . ''
i ' m afraid that whatever the flight test shows , that tape will be the only thing anybody remembers . ''
he reached his hand forward to the thing between the seats .
so i turn the damn thing off .
but i think it 's not the most archaic thing we ' ve got here , not by plenty . ''
in the name c sanity , man , shut the thing down !
and then we ran our trench down here - and down to here , next - we laid the whole thing open .
` ` well , they'vc shut the thing down , now .
just the sort of thing that a lifelong abstainer like beenay would tend to buy , not knowing any better .
that bright golden thing was in the sky instead .
he doubted very much that he could ever bring himself to use a hatchet on another living thing ; but it might be a useful thing to be carrying , if conditions outside were as anarchic as he expected to find them .
` ` you can only hurt yourself with a thing like that , do n't you know ? ''
the boys had somehow flushed it out of its daytime hiding place and had driven the poor stupid thing into a little dead - end box of a canyon .
` ` this thing a safe - through ? ''
` ` ca n't you leave him here till we test this thing ?
the thing grew .
after all , the thing will be in my house . ''
just remember , that thing is a temporary .
` ` has n't that thing been disposed of yet ?
the thing in the box looked like a metal barrel about sixty centimeters high , with a metal hat on top of it .
you 're the funniest - looking thing i ever saw . ''
` ` that silly thing ! ''
` ` you 're the silly thing , or you would n't be so busy talking you ca n't see the danger right ahead .
what we got ta do is get everyone off it , dig the whole thing up , replace everything , add the latest computerizations , and then bring everyone back , or at least half of everyone .
` ` only a simple one for keeping track of plantings and species and things like that . ''
* * * the orbit of mars lay behind and the sun was a shrunken thing .
so then i took the angular projections of the thing , and it was too late to catch up with it . ''
if you back me , even if you do n't go yourselves , if you 'll just help me sell this thing to the rest , get volunteers- . ''
long said , ` ` we ' ve been blasting this thing for a week now .
` ` that thing that looks like a spaceship is just a mountain of hard water .
dad did n't even know that thing was there .
` ` i 'll bet dad could n't even get into the old thing . ''
the thing snowballs . ''
right now his shadow was a long red thing , with the lowest third of it gray , where the lagrange ii shadow coincided .
when that thing there reads zero , we take them out .
it should have occurred to me sooner , but the air wo n't go through that thing . ''
i ca n't work on this thing if the ship does n't hold a steady course .
` ` oh , no , if someone were talking or making any real sound , this thing would heave like the granddaddy of all earthquakes .
he maneuvered for position and raised the laser , ` ` and if this thing works . ''
there had been this big old thing on the desk that could talk ...
` ` just an old thing i had when i was a kid .
niccolo went on , ` ` so i thought i 'd try this old thing again , but it 's no good . ''
` ` boy , this is a one - cylinder thing . ''
he even had a hunk of paper with a kind of thing he called a multiplication table . ''
junior said : ' what 's that thing ? '
an hour or two a week , sometimes even less ; there were weeks when she did n't even remember to turn the thing on .
milk , simply milk , that was the thing to begin with .
to have spent years studying something that was known only from the sketchiest of ancient relics , trying to understand it , painstakingly recreating the lost reality of it in your mind , and then unexpectedly to encounter the thing itself , the actual genuine itembut mclntyre made a swift recovery .
when he arrived , all sorts of trash came with him - dirt and twigs and pebbles and things - and we ' ve got every crumb of it all stored out back of this area .
` ` did you actually make this thing , andrew ? ''
` ` could you make other things out of wood , do you think ?
i 'd just like to talk to him a bit - and to you - and of course i 'd like to see the kinds of thing your robot has been carving .
his hair had thinned to a few white wisps ; even his glorious mustache now was a sad drooping thing .
look , andrew : you 're probably the closest thing to a human being that has ever come out of the factories of u. s. robots and mechanical men .
if you 'll look at the bottle , you 'll see that the thing has n't been opened for twenty years ; and if you had n't put your own grubby paws on it , you would have seen no one had touched it . ''
` ` have you been handling this thing with your hands ? ''
she said , ` ` now give me that thing .
it was meant for other , simpler purposes , but it is the only thing we have that we can use .
dezhnev , leaning back in his seat with his arms behind his neck and apparently addressing the gently illuminated wall before him , said , ` ` someday what we will do is expand a hypodermic syringe , place that around a full - sized ship , and miniaturize the whole thing .
i have , on several occasions , allowed someone to use my program and my computer - the sort of thing i ' m using now - and they invariably fail . ''
` ` we may be too near the countercurrent emerging from this thing .
can you drive that thing ? ''
she drew it from her jacket pocket , a small thing almost enclosed in her fist , its small muzzle gleaming as it edged through the space between her first and second fingers .
well , the sight of this particular building did not cause any torrent of facts to burst forth , but it was a strange - looking thing nonetheless , even considering the jarringly different architectural styles he had seen in the city .
` ` let 's land this thing , donald , '' he said . ` `
damn thing had to be a half meter taller than she was .
it was not footprints he was looking for , but the sort of thing a person might drop or lose in a panicky hurry .
he had the very thing .
he let the thing drop on the ground with the rest of the debris and went inside .
a thing made out of rotted , decayed human flesh , torn from the bodies of the dead .
picture , if you will , a world where an inventor steps back from her lab bench and , as a matter of routine , asks nothow can this new thing be useful ?
terach had said the thing did not record the comings and goings of robots .
she could see they were just the thing for the limbo project , a real chance for compromise and common ground , for spacer and settler to work together , for a world with the advantages of robots with none of the drawbacks .
a few words from you , the casual mention of some tiny detail you do n't even know you know , could be the thing we need to cut the last weak threads of suspicion tying you and lady welton to this case .
either the thing would work or it would not .
` ` it 's the sort of thing that seems like it should be a diversion - but a diversion for what ?
the damned thing was supposed to be keyed to his handprint , but was it ?
there were a few other things that were more or less intact - a handlight , a pair of gloves , that sort of thing .
he had enough power in that thing to kill grieg and knock out a hundred sprs .
tomorrow , first thing .
the enhancement system had cleaned it up at least somewhat , but there were limits to how much one could use that sort of thing .
` ` i take it , then , that because you invented the gravitonic brain , you expected to see some expression of your own personality in the thing created by beings who possess gravitonic brains ? ''
the term ' propulsive device ' is so vague it merely brings the question of what the thing might be to one 's attention . ''
` ` turn this thing around ! ''
` ` that thing could burn through you to me in half a millisecond , and if you blocked my view , she might decide it was worth it to shoot me when i could n't see to shoot back . ''
or the damned thing could have been heading in for an unplanned , uncontrolled direct hit on the planet .
the thing was still a trifle damp , but no matter .
i expect she 'd order power shutdowns , find some way to deactivate unit dum so he could n't run the show on his own , erase computer files - that sort of thing .
` ` let 's get this thing set up . ''
` ` but the thing is kilometers across !
safety plans , evacuations plans , that sort of thing .
` ` and there 's no way we can find that damned thing again ? ''
` ` what 's in that thing ? ''
there had been no sign of such a thing on the aircar , that was certain .
` ` that thing is bomb - proof and blaster - proof , designed to ride out an earthquake or a direct hit from a meteorite .
` ` who the hell did this thing ? ''
one thing that did not fit .
he looked at the thing in his hand for a moment , and wondered exactly how things had come to such a pass .
he had the thing slung around his neck , and barely heard the voice - a low , gracious , feminine - sounding voice .
it seemed as if he saw every other sort of belonging abandoned in the darkening streets , but it was plain that an aircar was the one thing everyone needed .
` ` ii ca n't get in that thing again , '' he said .
it had taken far longer than he had expected to pull the clumsy thing across the lake bed .
the thing would be someone to boast of and talk about in women 's personal .
that thing ? ''
he , i mean this daneel thing , is a new - type robot .
i ' ve had the thing checked .
put that thing back in your eye , ben .
the rod was an inconspicuous thing which could be palmed in the hand .
the thing he was holding was an alpha - sprayer .
` ` have they seen that thing on aurora , too ? ''
` ` i am going to turn off this thing now .
he seemed to recall there had been mention of such a thing and he would have welcomed its light .
the way i ' ve heard it explained - i looked around and asked , just as you did , you know - was that originally the people on trantor domed in places , shopping malls , sports arenas , things like that , then whole towns , so that ( here were lots of domes here and there , with different heights and different widths .
he put the speaker down , unhooked the hearing device from his ear with a little difficulty , turned the whole thing off , and said , ` ` they 'll arrange to have someone show us anything we need to know , but he ca n't promise when that might be .
he said , ` ` i 'll step into the bathroom and put this thing on .
the thing is a virtual encyclopedia and the index is almost entirely a listing of people and places that are of little use for my purposes .
` ` you sound as though i would be doing you a great favor if i took the thing away from you . ''
it 's a print thing . ''
the whole thing is one big black box .
it 's off and this thing can fire .
dors said , ` ` but this is the sort of thing rich children wear in wye .
he had taken the trouble to look up a variety of holographs of joranum , but , as is often the case , the real thing , unguarded , shifting constantly in response to changing conditions , is never quite the same as a holograph - however carefully prepared .
but now hari was seeing real rain coming down drearily from a cold sky - and he had not seen such a thing in years - and he loved it ; that was the thing .
however , i do have a mind of my own and i recall that when you first came to trantor you had this psychohistory thing you were playing with . ''
what we got ta do is get everyone off it , dig the whole thing up , replace everything , add the latest computerizations , and then bring everyone back - or at least half of everyone .
those two guys came up and i could n't do a thing . ''
` ` i hate that thing .
` ` well , '' said trevize with a certain exasperation , ` ` i ' m trying to get the computer to guide this thing to the tourist center .
i got the fire put out , but for good measure i unloaded the thing into the other two demons ' faces , creating a thick cloud of dust .
drinks , deejay , snacks , that kind of thing . ''
took me a week to get things working , and then i had to turn their old gym into something like a dressing room , but this place still is n't up to code . ''
high - voltage equipment , that kind of thing .
some kind of fancy new thing the kids have .
i picked up the first thing my hand found , genosa 's heavy glass ashtray , and flung it hard at the figure .
i believe hospitals provide such a thing . ''
i looked at the thing skeptically while i put on the jeans .
` ` i need to get back to my place , get a few things , and go before the cops start watching it .
` ` that 's the kind of thing that 's illegal to own . ''
may lightning strike me dead if the damned thing did n't work like a charm .
they tap into it to be stronger or faster , to recover from injuries , forcibly manipulate the sensations of police lieutenants , that kind of thing .
` ` that thing about eighteen minutes exactly , '' jessica said .
` ` that thing ca n't fit in there ! ''
does n't this thing go any faster ? ''
in that thing ? ''
as she worked to light it , the darkling thing burst into flame above her , the smell of dead rat and rotten eggs filling the air .
at the top of their next bounce she threw the flare down into the matted center of the thing .
the damned thing should have been slow .
` ` better drop the invisibility thing , harry , '' susan said .
it had all the things such offices always did : a prominent desk , several seats in a waiting area , a coffee machine , and a table laden with magazines .
there was a peal of mocking laughter , and another rock bounced off of the thing , this time from the left .
i ca n't climb this thing .
when an entity was called forth , the circle was the only thing protecting the caller from its wrath .
if so , then i was living on borrowed time , and the continuing onslaught of magic i threw at the thing amounted to an extremely high rate of interest .
gold filigree was everywhere , and the thing looked like it should weigh six hundred pounds .
a surprise raid upon an unsuspecting , unprepared target was one thing .
the feather cloak slid over her shoulders once more , and though i knew the thing had to be heavy , she bore it without strain .
it was a simple , elegant thing : an almost cubic building atop the pyramid , with a single opening the size of a fairly standard doorway on each side .
he was dressed in a kind of skirt - kilt thing , naked from the waist up and the kneecap down .
the blackstaff itself pulsed and shimmered with shadowy power , and i got the sudden sense that the thing was alive , that it knew its purpose and wanted nothing more than to be used , as often and as spectacularly as possible .
people treated this patched thing with contempt , longing always for the good old days .
they had preserved this thing from their most ancient past , taking it out regularly to polish and make the necessary repairs that time required of all human creations .
sheeana knew then she would be forced to test that antique thing to its limits , probably breaking it .
' grab that thing with gentle hands .
he saw the cenotaph when she pointed it out , a square green thing about three meters high .
shigawire netting confined her to the center of the thing .
i 'll fly this damned thing . ''
the dusty light was a classical thing , but not reassuring in the way of the elder painters and their misty mornings .
they 'll charge it and be confused when there 's no matador behind the thing .
where did they hide the secret thing ?
whatever it was , the thing went deep .
it was a thing any honored matre might envy .
` ` clear the top of that thing ! ''
` ` it 's a thing someone devised to please us , '' dama said , her attention fixed on odrade .
hard to imagine the thing lifting on its own power , enormous as that was , and vanishing into space .
the thing was a subtle instrument of the imperium , a device to detect the presence of large living bodies .
` ` now shut up and let me fly this thing . ''
his mind was darting around like a crazy thing !
` ` that thing could take your head off with one sweep .
he knew he had to flow with this thing , but the flowing terrified him .
the thing grew much longer than the child - worm , remaining flexible .
fingers found the thing and he had it out of the sand , throwing it in a looping arc far out to the south of them .
the thing had reeked of sour and poisonous putrefaction .
their windtrap was a fragile thing , easily destroyed by the stormwinds but easily rebuilt .
obviously i had a thing or two to learn .
` ` do n't read me that thing , '' he said .
` ` how 'd you even put together a thing like that ? ''
not wanting to touch the thing he hung back , now feeling guilt .
it was horrible ; it looked like a thing made out of wet tar . ''
` ` listen , '' i said , ` ` i think if you had any social responsibility you would have telephoned me as soon as you got your hands on that thing he wrote .
` ` i 'd appreciate having that thing back , '' i said .
as soon as i had gotten back in my car i made up my mind to get nathan and get him to get the damn thing back for me .
of all the people to get hold of the god damn thing .
go get that thing from claudia , will you ?
in ten minutes the whole thing was nothing but glowing embers .
anyhow , nathan thought , as he gazed out at the warm lawn and the sunlight , the shops and people , she finished packing her things and then i drove her and them to her family 's house in sacramento .
fay said , ` ` if you leave me you wo n't have a god damn thing .
` ` they have n't pulled any- thing out yet . ''
` ` but i want you to go to the zoo first thing in the morning . ''
nothing to worry about ; whole thing 's automatic . ''
amy understand thing talk , she signed back .
he signed , what thing amy watch ?
i fired it up and heated some soup , which was about the only thing left in the house .
i went into my room to pick up a few things from my closet , and when i came back out butters was sitting on the hearth , poking the fire to life and feeding it fresh wood .
pottery shards , old tools , stone weapons , that kind of thing .
butters started the thing up and spent a minute or two waggling a mouse and stabbing at keys with his forefinger .
passwords , credit cards , keys , that sort of thing .
` ` look , that thing does n't have any moving parts , right ?
` ` can you read that thing here ? ''
vicodin , morphine , that kind of thing . ''
the pounding on the door got louder , the whole thing rattling in its frame .
i rose and started gathering my things .
can that thing get us close to the book ? ''
hell , the thing had been written in german .
` ` if this thing gets loose , '' he said .
and even if i did kill him , he would spend his death curse on me - and it would n't be like the feeble thing cassius had thrown .
` ` careful with that thing .
where did you say this thing was stolen from ? ''
that meant that regardless of appearances to the contrary , this thing was a mortal .
i had a shot to recover the thing .
` ` i could push a button and people would fall screaming down a wacky slide thing and land in mud somewhere . ''
it was the only thing you owned that gave me hope that there might be a feeble flicker of style in you . ''
clear off the bloody radio and contact me when you have something worth saying or i 'll destroy the bloody thing and leave . ''
like the thing from the ship this morning . ''
i turned to find nicodemus standing over me , the hangman 's noose the only thing he wore that was n't soaked with blood .
it was the only thing .
i realized he 'd used the thing with one arm .
` ` they can infect the city with this curse thing ? ''
i grabbed my things , locked up my place behind me , and got into martin 's rental car .
` ` it looked cool when it gacked that little thing , but so what ?
` ` if you disrespect this thing it 's going to get you killed , '' i said .
i gritted my teeth , hardened my will , and stopped the thing five inches from my hand .
` ` this thing might actually protect you , besides making a slightly less medieval fashion statement .
whatever creation process this thing had undergone , it had n't been a kind one .
i heard the thing squeal , and then saw it as my eyes started to adjust .
the damn thing merely was doing what it was designed to do .
i 'll need the same thing for servo control , a complete - '' ` ` why ? ''
the aat is the only thing we could really foul up , and at this distance from moonbase it 's of dubious value . ''
` ` this thing was designed to be brought back into line by a conscious intelligence - one of us or an omc . ''
the thing 's a goddamn sponge ! ''
` ` that thing should ' ve worked , '' timberlake said .
i could ' ve sworn it was going to give us that integrated readout , remove the nonsignificant digits , and we could just go on from ... '' he paused , then said , ` ` unexpected feedback would ... might cause the thing to react the way it did . ''
` ` this damn thing is giving us the truncated readout right here . ''
` ` you helped program this thing ; look for yourself . ''
the thing you have there is composed of blocks of nerve - net simulators arranged to integrate three lines of energy .
the thing had produced the right answers in spite of errors and misprogramming .
` ` but we 're stuck with that thing in the shop , '' timberlake protested .
then they may replace parts , put in new bracings - '' ` ` or tear the whole damn thing down and start over , '' said prudence .
` ` that thing ? ''
this thing 'll behave like a human nervous system ! ''
timberlake looped the straps of a spare generator over his shoulder , gave the thing 's turbine drive a short burst to check it .
then you step back and see who uses the thing . ''
the ignition of this thing they were building required a black box and there was only one obvious black box to give itself over to the imprinting process on the computer 's white box : a human brain .
i should go down there now and smash the whole thing !
but what about this thing that bickel 's making ?
` ` if this thing takes off on its own , we have no control over it , '' bickel said .
what 's this thing going to do when we turn it on ... if we do n't give it experiences of the kind the human race has survived ? ''
` ` that thing 's down near the temperature - control shutters in the baffle to the hyb tanks , '' timberlake muttered .
` ` the thing 's been plugged with foam anyway ! ''
the thing was about three inches in diameter , containing a warp - type thermal detector , standard vid - eye pickups like tiny jewels on its face , and three gridded ducts leading into the membrane of the audio unit .
his first thought was that prudence had traced the robox remote controls for a unit in this area and was maneuvering the thing from her board .
as he watched , the thing lost the tape track , relocated it .
the thing stopped across the sensor ring from flattery .
` ` the thing damn near took my arm out the last time i tried that , '' flattery objected .
i must get back to quarters , destroy this thing ... it 's already out of hand .
no doubt about it - the thing like a stiffened net that swung out over the couch from the side bulkhead fed impulses to a weaker , but more sophisticated version of the field generator sorter he had designed for the black box - white box transfer .
he traced the leads , found another surprise : the thing had been gated for one - way operation .
` ` we should ' ve thought of the aat when the thing came alive during reception from umb , '' bickel said .
there , behind the altar , the miniscule part of the work which had been accomplished ; five years it would take tibor , but time did not matter in a subject of this sort : through eternity -- no , father handy thought ; not eternity , because this thing is man - made and hence cursed -- but for ages , it will be here generations .
` ` a dog came and tried to run the flock , that red irish - setter thing of the yeats ' .
the thing you see yourself in ! ''
i do n't want to get near that damn thing .
we can head up first thing in the morning .
` ` where did you get this thing ? ''
do you know what this thing is worth ?
things suddenly began falling into place for susan .
the wrist is the thing that 's hurting me .
she gave the damn thing away !
overhead , the pulsating strobes gave the whole thing the look of an old , silent movie .
` ` jabba said a virus is the only thing that could keep transltr running this long , so- '' ` ` wait a minute ! ''
` ` shut the damn thing down . ''
this thing 's on double - speed !
` ` the damn thing 's reinstating ! ''
` ` and you got me with a tricky thing like this lever . ''
` ` what i do n't understand is how we could have overlooked this thing if it projects right down into the planet that way . ''
` ` now , if i can just work this thing ... let me see ... '' in the darkened room , don cherry caught sanders 's eye and shook his head slowly .
` ` yes , ed , i think the due diligence will go smoothly , and there certainly is n't any impulse to hold anything back ... no , no ... well , we can do it first thing in the morning if you like . ''
his life was arranged now , he had things in place .
says , ` what 's this thing called ?
` ` i do n't want this thing to blow up on us . ''
` ` i 'd like to look at this thing from all sides . ''
` ` it 's like that virtual reality thing you have , '' fernandez said .
this had always amazed him , these ` ` disease '' circuits built into false animals ; the construct which he now held on his lap had been put together in such a fashion that when a primary component misfired , the whole thing appeared - not broken - but organically ill .
he gave up ; the false cat had ceased functioning , so evidently the short - if that was what ailed the thing - had finished off the power supply and basic drive - train .
` ` i own an animal ; not a false one but the real thing .
` ` if roy baty shows up here you can be holding that in your hand and you can press the stem on that thing .
it would n't be a good idea to reach him , because that way he 'd be , sure never to go back up ; he must be half - crazy to get out of the thing by now , after all these years .
' he did not know why , except that there were things moving in the settling ash which he could not identify ; he believed they were americans but possibly they were chinese or russians .
` ` christ , i have n't felt the slightest urge since the first bomb fell ; it 's like the thing dropped off in fear , fell right off . ''
more like a thing to pop into the frying pan with a bit of beef fat . ''
i mean the genuine thing ; you ca n't tell if it 's prewar that he 's dug up or new that he 's made . ''
` ` what can a thing like you do for anybody ? ''
you put me in a blind thing with no legs or nothing ; all i could do was drag myself around ! ''
` ` the thing was written with salt , '' irulan translated .
` ` this whole thing is explosive , '' scytale said in a calmer voice .
the thing must be poorly capped for its fetid odors to escape , loosing a dangerously wasteful amount of moisture into the night air .
it was a repulsive thing covered with black spots , defects that stood out even more markedly against her white dress .
the only thing that did n't seem to hurt was her vagina .
the money he 'd spent on the thing .
the thing - half bioform and half machine - glistened brown with its maintenance ichor , which had kept it alive and functional for the 170 years he 'd owned it .
buried the thing back inside his chest unused .
` ` i got the thing , '' he said .
` ` if it was the real thing it might be worth a hundred dollars , '' kathy said .
she imagined it a big wormlike thing on many wheels , with comfortable and well - lighted compartments within .
god himself had implanted a physical device within her head , swearing her to secrecy and warning her that there might come a time when he would speak to her through the thing within her skull .
the thing he held was suddenly a silver - bladed crysknife shimmering in the yellow shadows .
it was obvious that he wanted to drop the thing , that his venture into rebellion had loaded him with a burden more deadly than he had expected .
` ` the same thing i found - anew museum fremen . ''
` ` what makes the thing go ?
i hate this thing , but it saved us .
he had slain the entire ixian delegation before they could even unwrap the thing .
idaho slipped the thing into his mouth .
as- he slipped from the cart , he saw the scimitar arc of the river , a sliver - edged thing which shimmered in its mottled shadows , a vicious blade of a river honed through eternity and ready now to receive him into its agony .
it was the only thing out here that would burn .
there was a lesson here , he realized , not a shining thing but something that was old and rusty and misshapen .
the thing was amazingly strong .
she was a slender thing , they saw , with stringy muscles , thin arms and legs .
the outer surface of a balloon is always larger than the center of the damned thing !
the thing occupied a space on the wall of taraza 's morning room .
the thing dated from a time so ancient that only rare remnants such as this painting remained to send a physical impression down the ages .
absolutely none of the sisterhood 's accounts or holophoto records captured this thing !
the thing was composed of voice tones and movements and pheromones , a complex and subtle combination that had evolved the way all languages evolved .
it did not have the deflective powers of a full battle shield but if a lasgun 's beam hit the thing the consequent quick - fire could be fatal .
teg moved forward , stopping at another tree where he made the tiny mark , a thing which an animal might make with a claw , something to blend into the natural forms of this wilderness .
sheeana led them at a sand - clotted trot to the very tip of the thing .
it was a script that one part of him identified as an ancient thing from the old harkonnen times but that another part of him found to be an all - too - familiar galach .
the thing obviously was the product of superb craftsmanship but there had been no way to test it in the no - globe .
the thing will shatter of its own momentum ! ''
there was no ixian stamp on the thing .
the acolyte is a tiny thing with red - blond hair and a doll 's face .
who were the we who had made this thing ?
` ` rather thin thing , i know , '' muzzafar said , removing his pointing finger from the projection .
` ` the flat top was the only human - oriented space in the damned thing ! ''
the closest thing might be a thin case of translux out of whose poison - guarded interior would come thinner sheets of ridulian crystal with very large numbers inscribed on them by unforgeable dataprint .
dak yelled when he burst through the iron door - as much as he could burst through it when the thing weighed more than the limestone blocks used to construct the great pyramid of giza .
she was messing around with a thing that probably had cost every spare penny they 'd ever earned and could end up being the most valuable invention of all time .
` ` that little thing right there will warp space - time and take a person into the past .
i think this thing will really work . ''
we have to pilot the thing . ''
` ` do n't worry - we ' ve completely overwritten the sq software , and there are so many firewalls built around this thing that it 's more secure than your own brains .
the whole thing pivoted open .
but because we know absolutely nothing about this , there 's no way they 'd let us risk destroying the thing by guessing at passwords .
` ` when the sq attacked , '' sera said , ` ` everything went crazy , and mari had to yank this thing right off of the main computer .
the ship seemed so much bigger now , almost like a living thing - especially with the workers moving about every last inch of it .
` ` why ya need such a thing ? ''
look , this thing does n't just move us around in time .
we ' ve got ta figure out a way to get this thing open .
` ` but this thing seems pretty solid , loose or not . ''
` ` all right , tough guy , show us how manly you are and pull that thing free . ''
dak went for him , screaming as he charged , raising his scimitar even though he had no real idea how to use the thing .
brint looked back at the photo , not sure why it had him so mesmerized - he 'd glanced at that thing a million times before .
you 're going to have to shut the thing down . ''
` ` this thing sure is big , '' she said .
` ` we just twist this thing here . ''
` ` i knew this thing would come in handy one day . ''
breathless , all she could do was stare at the last thing she 'd expected to find on board this ship .
everything in it had been shaken loose to the point that it looked like the thing had been gutted .
if that thing picked up even the smallest trace of their presence , the andarions would swarm all over them .
gah , she hated that thing .
the thing was worth a fortune .
the only thing he ever trained was his finger to press a button so that he could order someone else to come wipe his ass for him . ''
` ` out of everything we confiscated from our royal prisoner , that was the only thing the bastard put up a fight to keep .
so i ran it over to a jeweler to be appraised this morning , and the damn thing is as fake as it can be .
i figured it had to be worth a fortune given the rest of his shit and how much it cost ... the damn thing is as fake as it can be .
still , it was the only thing she had .
the same damn thing .
could n't someone have removed the stupid thing ?
strange how quickly he 'd gotten used to not wearing the stupid thing with zarya .
` ` i bet this thing cost more than a year 's tuition . ''
it was as if he was starving and she was the only thing that could satiate his hunger .
` ` and this thing only shoots light beams .
i opened the spinning thing that held the bullets and took one out .
` ` i 'll admit , '' i said , leaning forward , ` ` that i ' m not terribly sorry to discover you ca n't fix the thing .
` ` i ' m not sure if it 's something about the flash mechanism or the bulbs , but i do know he was swapping out the bulbs in order to stop the thing from working when he did n't want it to . ''
that co - op building ; can you imagine a thing going down level after level and up like a skyscraper , with enough people living there for them to have their own supermarket ?
there 's not a chance in the world that with them in on it the thing could fail . ''
mark picked it up , examined it , felt a rush of panic that he would n't know how to use the stupid thing .
he lifted the thing out of the straps , weighing it in his hands .
the thing had no chance , but mark figured it might take a good minute or two of work to break it down .
a label below the symbol said : virus vc321xb47 highly contagious 24 darts , extreme caution mark suddenly wished he had n't touched the thing .
it took two more hits for the whole thing to finally break off with a crunch .
but how could he have known she 'd turn into this beautiful thing with the hot body and the dazzling eyes ?
` ` i ' m sure this thing will flip back on soon . ''
` ` i did n't find a damn thing and i ' m just about fed up trying .
he picked up the unburnt side and held the thing up like a torch .
and the whole thing looked to be in the shape of a circle .
` ` would n't do if they had to come out and resod the whole thing every time they used it , now , would it ? ''
how else would this thing work ? ''
just open the stupid thing . ''
we can forget using that thing again . ''
getting in there and slamming the thing closed , spinning the wheel handle , keeping it shut .
in the relative darkness , the whole thing looked like some alien vessel rising from the abyss of the ocean .
` ` any chance of getting out of here in that thing ? ''
mark looked up at the wheel and slowly let go of it , ready to grab it again if the thing moved .
mark braced himself , sure that the intruders would make it to him before the thing sealed completely .
his screams seemed to vibrate the metal of the berg , shake the entire thing through and through .
if alec was really going to fly this thing , he had to see it with his own eyes .
` ` you 're really going to be able to fly us away in this thing ? ''
` ` let me get this thing landed somewhere first .
` ` boy , do you have any idea what could be inside that thing ?
sweat poured down his face and the thing almost slipped out of his hands a couple of times , but eventually he broke the first seal and moved on to the next one .
he lifted it up - the thing was the size and shape of a rifle - and examined it , turning it in his hands .
alec inspected the box for a minute , then removed a bulky black thing with silvery latches .
the black thing he 'd also retrieved was sitting on the floor .
` ` tell me what that thing does . ''
` ` holding that thing a little tightly , are n't you ? ''
they closed the ramp door , alec standing by with the transvice in case anyone tried to board during the agonizing couple of minutes it took the thing to pull all the way shut .
we need to land in a safer place or they 'll swarm this thing .
` ` sayin ' a lot , '' alec muttered as he put the thing away and hunched into his backpack once again .
the man who 'd taken the thing from him was holding it up in the air with both hands and dancing in a slow circle .
it rose up in the distance , more beautiful than mark would ' ve ever guessed one of the beat - up old things could look .
` ` i just hope the boogie man does n't live on that thing , '' she said in a distant , haunted voice .
in his anger , he 'd broken the stupid thing .
i ' m the only one who can fly this thing .
how could he have let the guy rip the thing out of his hands like that ?
` ` you 're the only one who knows how to fly this thing . ''
mark saw that her eyes were focused on the windows - the poor thing had probably never been in a berg before .
same thing , except ... '' thomas read the words to himself .
and then the whole thing disappeared , once again revealing the other side of the common area .
` ` that 's what the white - suit shank called the thing we need to go through .
the whole thing pulsed and blurred , as if it might disappear at any second .
ca n't see a shuck thing . ''
` ` whatever that ball thing is , it sliced off frankie 's head , just like the old shank warned us . ''
` ` what was that shuck thing ? ''
he looked up to see a ruin of a building , massive holes ripped in each floor all the way to the roof dozens of stories toward the sky ; it seemed that only the steel infrastructure was keeping the whole thing from coming down .
his tongue was a gruesomely scarred purple thing , as if he chewed it when bored .
during that awful time when they 'd actually helped design the stupid thing .
` ` we better get back under that thing , '' minho said .
but one flick of a match and the thing would probably burn down in three seconds .
people dying left and right , then they come down in a buggin ' monster flying thing and save your butt .
most disturbing were more of those bulbous growths , maybe two dozen total , spread over the thing 's body and glowing with brilliant orange light .
it was the only thing in the entire room that was n't white .
thomas could n't imagine letting someone place that thing on his face .
` ` there 's no way you 're putting that thing on my face ! ''
` ` you 're not putting that thing on my face . ''
` ` just put the bloody thing in your pocket . ''
` ` first of all , it does n't matter if i have the thing in my brain - i ' m gon na be past the buggin ' gone before too long anyway .
` ` gon na throw that thing just like gally did to chuck ?
` ` let 's get that thing out of his head ! ''
did hans get the thing switched off ?
where 'd you get that thing , anyway ? ''
the thing fell twenty feet short .
` ` you start firing that thing , hermano , and we 'll be on top of you like stink on dookie .
he grabbed the first thing he found , a long plastic tool with a brush on one end and a sharp edge on the other - a snow pick - and crawled over the middle row of seats ; he slammed the thing into the crank 's arm , then again , then a third time .
he grabbed the first thing he found , a long plastic tool with a brush on one end and a sharp edge on the other - a snow pick - and crawled over the middle row of seats ; he slammed the thing into the crank 's arm , then again , then a third time .
vince leaned back in his chair again , the whole thing squeaking as he shifted .
` ` there 's a common chip in every weapon they use , and she 's spent the last several months trying to figure out a way to reprogram the things remotely - to jam them .
` ` unless cranks have ripped the thing to shreds .
the hard part would be planting the thing when he got in without arousing suspicion .
other things were stuck into his body in various places ; monitors started beeping ; there was the hum of a machine ; people talking over other people ; the room was filled with the scurry of movement , like an orchestrated dance .
the whole thing tore loose and the griever fell into a limp mass of jelly at the bottom of the pod .
he pulled himself up and over , slammed his hand into the thing 's skin and ripped out the handle .
she nodded , bravely trying to hide her eagerness to get through the thing and out of there .
code that thing back in and come talk to me .
a small black door was the only thing marking the back of the club .
it was five or six inches from slamming shut when something ripped the whole thing from his grasp , tearing the door from its hinges .
the thing sucked her digital life out .
mikethespike : i was so worried that thing had done permanent damage to me .
a vns badge floated out between them and , a little embarrassed that he had to bend over to see the thing , michael pretended to study it as if he knew what to look for .
michael had never come across such a thing before .
` ` such a brute , pointing that thing at a girl 's face .
` ` how long is this stupid thing ? ''
` ` or the uniforms - i see at least four different kinds , and some of them are fighting people wearing the same thing .
let 's just try this thing .
` ` the thing might move at any second ! ''
plates and dishes full of scrumptious - looking food were laid out across its surface - as inviting a thing as he 'd ever seen .
he grabbed for the first thing that revealed itself , fire disks from the realms of rasputin , snatched the programming , pulled it into the chapel .
but the thing was made completely of silvery metal .
what was this thing talking about ?
it 'd cost more for the damn law than the thing 's worth . ''
no one could get away with calling god the father almighty a mean old son of a bitch , or suggest that the being who made the universe was no better than a mean third - grader who got his kicks ( a word that had just come into vogue that year ; ` ` kicks '' were something juvenile delinquents got when they were out breaking windows or shooting each other with ` ` zip guns '' or doing some vague thing or things with their ` ` debs '' -- -things banning equated for some reason with patty 's peter - pinches ) sticking pins into flies .
when it was done you hung it on your door for a decoration , or , if the kid 's family was too poor to buy him a store mask or too dumb to help ' i m make a costume out of what was around the house , why , you could staple that elastic onto the thing and the kid would wear it .
so you 'd just say something like ` by god , they 'll have the tinsel and the angel 's hair out before the rest of the hay 's in next year , ' and whoever you said it to would say that was nothing but the gospel truth , but it was n't the gospel truth , and when i hunker right down and study her , clivey , i know they are putting all those things out pert ' near the same time every year .
it was the only thing jamie would eat these days .
you had to keep fixing the errors , making adjustments , eliminating unwanted effects , until you got the thing working .
` ` what am i going to do with this thing ? ''
he told the stupid nurse just to put a band - aid on it , but she insisted on a big white thing .
' want to see the thing ?
just this particular exhibit , all properly sealed hermetically , bathed in a solution that maintains the thing ad infinitum , or , as you probably will prefer , ad nauseam .
the thing evidently increased one 's sexual potency , he decided .
i 'd seen lairs marked this way before , part territorialism - a warning to other predators to stay away - and partly the sort of thing that peeps just ... liked .
but here 's the cool thing .
` ` you 're going to show him the thing , are n't you ?
` ` but first ... show me the thing . ''
` ` the thing is so cool , '' roger said .
` ` so does that thing make blood show up ? ''
steel wool is one thing rats ca n't chew through .
` ` not with that thing on my wall . ''
` ` and you went out and bought that thing ? ''
just how smart was this thing ?
i suspected that eric had slid into home plate with this thing in his pocket .
they 'd made this thing airtight ... as they should .
the whole thing was held up by a web of black anodized struts and connectors , but they were obscured by the reflections , which is why the octopus seemed to hang in midair .
` ` and so you brought me out here ... '' ` ` to help us get the fucking thing back , '' ricky said .
` ` i 'd like to know , '' i said , ` ` why this thing was n't destroyed a long time ago . ''
` ` give me that damn thing , '' david said , snatching the bottle away .
he said , ` ` i 'll have to insist you get your harnesses on before- '' ` ` fly this fucking thing ! ''
i had n't framed it very well , but i try to think positive : the new door was arguably even more secure than the old one - now you could barely get the damned thing open even when it was n't locked .
` ` but we ' ve been tinkering with that stupid thing every night for six months .
then he said , ` ` you ' ve been pouring energy into this thing every night for six months , harry , and right now it 's holding about three hundred times the amount of energy that kinetic ring you wear will contain . ''
` ` so this thing must have been from the spirit world , right ?
greene stood there cursing as he tried to get the thing to work .
if i went blazing away at the thing in a crowded hotel and burned the place down , it would kill more people than the rampage would have .
i want this fucking thing off my arm . ''
i popped it in the slot on the manacles , fumbling with the stiff , uncooperative fingers of my left hand , and got the thing off my arm .
the damned thing was so strong .
fire could n't hurt the thing .
i recovered from that feat and added , ` ` madrigal pushed me into that thing and bugged out . ''
` ` but just because i tell you ayer 's rock is in australia does n't mean you 're going to be able to find the damned thing .
so what 's wrong with the damned thing ? ''
` ` i ' m looking at the darn thing .
` ` mail coat is just the thing for discouraging nasty faerie beasties with claws . ''
i could n't make a good guess at how big the thing was .
i hit the thing with considerable force , but i 'd been too tired to manage it as precisely as i wished .
` ` i , uh , kind of threw a bunch of summer fire around mab 's playhouse , and blew up most of this frozen fountain thing . ''
` ` the scarecrow was hiding behind the thing and so ... '' i put charity 's sword down and waved a hand .
my shins hung off the end of the undersized thing , and i did n't care a bit .
this thing is broken- oh no .
the fragging thing reports everything i do , every time i roll over , probably every time i take a piss .
yeah , i know ; i expected the thing to blow up , but so far it has n't , and there does n't seem to be anything wrong with it , either .
but no boom when i ' m done , just the sound of security disengaging as the thing clicks open , revealing a touch pad and a small data screen .
is this thing an ai or just part of the data entry software ?
` ` i have to keep this thing on me for a month ?
but i know he did n't mean it , those first frantic moments gazing at the thing stuck to his hand .
nobody else will touch the thing , not even doc .
this thing only has one charge left . ''
` ` hold this thing steady , dammit .
now that i ' ve tried flying this damn thing , i ca n't help but feel impressed .
` ` how the hell is this thing going to get us to the surface under fire ? ''
you 're going to burn out the stabilizers , and i do n't think we want to test impact resistance in this thing . ''
this thing only holds one person , but i manage to wriggle in beside him .
the thing is positively ancient , dates back before the axis wars .
the only thing we do n't have is a wardrober , but the corp was run by a bunch of skinflints .
` ` do you want to fix this thing ?
that must be because he wants one of our people making sure surge and jael do n't fuel up and repo this thing , leaving us stranded .
apart from the shockstick i did n't bring a damn thing .
and that thing saved tiera and vel . ''
` ` you know when i get off this thing , i ' m gon na repay you for that . ''
` ` can that thing detect movement ? ''
` ` at least i 'll be able to charge this thing . ''
` ` well , let 's see what this thing can do . ''
this thing can make anything i want .
i yank the cover off the thing in the corner and only just manage not to stagger back in shock .
` ` do n't even think about taking that thing on board , '' hit warns him .
ignoring that , i call the cockpit to respond , ` ` i 'd say take evasive action until we find out who it is and what they want , but i do n't know how well this thing handles . ''
but this thing does n't have a nav chair , and constance is doubtless more help to hit , analyzing numbers and probabilities with lightning speed .
i pad back to the bedroom to snag the thin blanket , then return to curl up on the sloping settee thing .
i have to tackle march first thing .
maybe he did that on purpose because mary knows , after i ' ve downed a few , i ' m a sure thing .
` ` are you positive this thing will work ? ''
within half an hour , he closes the thing up , then programs it via remote .
does this thing count as a witness ?
though it 's small and looks like a spidery crab , the thing is heavier than it looks , solid metal .
` ` is that why you 're not trying to keep this thing in one piece up in engineering ? ''
we 'll be back to it first thing in the morning . ''
i have no connection with the broken thing in the nav chair , and i want none .
my wa is bare , a skeletal thing .
it 's almost as good as the real thing .
drake checks it over and comes up with a device that slightly resembles vel 's handheld , but when we touch it , the thing begins to emit blue sparks .
the thing emits a high - frequency whine as it dies , and the noise reminds me of a crying child .
instead , i draw the thing from my back and pose with it , delighting her .
` ` if you do decide to play with that thing , ma'am , i hope you wo n't mind if we wait in the hall . ''
i tap the circular thing next to the quick - blinking one .
i ' ve watched the thing so many times - wanting to be sure my chip always offers the same meaning - that i can recite the translation from memory .
if our weapons ca n't touch it , there 's not a ship in the armada that can stand against this thing .
` ` since it 'll buy us time if it works , this may be the only thing that can .
hope leaves me then ; it 's a pale , fluttering thing against the far wall .
i shoulda just let him stick his thing in me .
could this thing be ... reading me ?
this thing was n't widely available yet ; i bought mine on gehenna , and i 'd be pleased to report its success to the inventor , who 'd given me a discount for proving its combat viability .
` ` shall we try to make something out of you , you pretty , doomed thing ? ''
in absolute rage , she hurls the thing at my head , and i slide sideways .
you feel like a million creds when you 're driving this thing , not that vel let me more than once , after i scraped the paint .
to march , i murmur , ` ` i ' m not clear on what kind of damage this thing does .
things that slipped through the areas of interest of the other departments got dumped on si .
` ` the explosion came from inside this pentagon thing ?
why would mab need such a thing ?
` ` better get rid of that thing before more of them show up . ''
when 's the last time you cleaned this thing ? ''
the mantis had n't had time to notice two important details about the chain : first , that the whole thing was coated in copper .
` ` because if that thing touches your skin , you 're screwed , '' i said .
after a moment he said , ` ` we should probably get rid of the thing . ''
` ` you said that that thing was from the nicer of the two groups causing us grief ? ''
claws , fangs , that kind of thing .
ursiel 's wielder could shift into this huge bear thing with claws and fangs and horns .
the illusion magic did n't make the thing fit him , and he had to fiddle with the sleeves , but it looked like it always did on me .
the goon had another ear - piercing scream left in him , a high - pitched thing that sounded like it had come from a slaughterhouse hog .
you 're antagonistic to my employer 's business , and could inflict catastrophic damage on it with such a thing in your possession . ''
i opened the door for her , the way you 're supposed to for a lady , but the damned thing was stuck until michael shoved it open with his shoulder and muttered something disparaging about amateur work .
` ` captain , that thing is dangerous .
the sort of thing my husband likes in his recruits . ''
the sixth , a wizened little thing that looked like a caricature of a woman carved from a dried tree root , seemed to be holding the end of a rope of liquid shadow that curled like a hungry serpent , darting now and then toward ivy 's head .
i aimed it at the glass wall that was the only thing between all of us and three million gallons of seawater .
it was the kind of thing that people got addicted to , and it was n't the kind of candy store that i would ever want that kid to play in .
this maiden - of - sorrow thing you ' ve got going - how many knights have you killed with it ? ''
i slammed the end of my staff down onto the ground with my left hand , reached up to seize the hilt of fidelacchius with my right , and snarled , ` ` get her the hell out of that thing , nicodemus .
one single thing a fraction of an inch out of place and the whole thing goes kablooie .
one single thing a fraction of an inch out of place and the whole thing goes kablooie .
i did n't have to win a fight with this thing .
i fumbled in my pocket and came out with the other thing i had grabbed back at my apartment - the little silver oak leaf pin mister had been batting all over little chicago .
nicodemus had worn the thing for centuries .
but the fact of the matter was that i did n't know a damned thing about boats , and that i was secretly impressed that he could sail the thing around the lake so blithely .
` ` you put a matrix of rebar in , then pour concrete around it , and the strength of the entire thing together is a great deal higher than either one would be separately .
i had the same thing over at oiseau - lyre ; most classified people have set - ups like this .
he 'll have this thing humming . ''
` ` how the hell do you work this damn thing ? ''
verrick spun around and shouted at moore , ` ` is that damn thing fixed or not ? ''
this thing of yours is rigged so it looks like one , but - ` ` ` ` not so fast , '' moore said .
` ` i 'd like to pull this whole thing down with a big loud crash .
that 's the cement that keeps this whole thing from collapsing .
he probably built this thing to last a million years . ''
he threw the whole thing in a disposal slot and sat sipping from the awkward bottle .
` ` you 're going to defend yourself with that thing ? ''
it must be a hell of a handy thing .
this thing may be man - made . ''
he wore a t - shirt that said ` ` mathematicians do it correctly '' ; it was the kind of thing a student would wear , and indeed , adams appeared even younger than his thirty years ; he was clearly the youngest member of the group - and arguably the most important .
` ` why does harry think this thing is not a spacecraft ? ''
` ` looks like a mockup , rather than the real thing . ''
if people flew this thing in either time or space , where are they ? ''
` ` listen , back on the surface , i mentioned to ted that we ought to have some words ready when we opened this thing .
what do you think is inside that thing ? ''
the thing is perfectly made .
we know this thing can open .
can anybody program this thing ? ''
` ` get that damn thing off ! ''
` ` just - it was a long flat spatula - thing .
how did you work the damned thing ?
` ` i ' m just figuring out how to work this thing . ''
what was the purpose of the thing ?
` ` that 's the same question an intelligent bacterium would ask about a communications satellite : why would anyone build such a thing ? ''
` ` i want to know about this damn electronic thing , '' he said .
then , when they still heard nothing , he said , ` ` let 's have a look at that thing . ''
he had n't brought the thing ?
the guy was sitting on the thing , which he had slipped inside the couch cushion .
some kind of electronic thing .
cute little thing .
` ` then how do i turn this thing off ? ''
her place was the closest thing the village had to an inn .
out here , on these remote plains , it 's fortunate that we have soulcasters to provide things like wood , would n't you say ? ''
he splinted the leg with arrow shafts - the only thing they had .
` ` gaz wo n't stand for this thing , '' rock said .
the primitive thing used oil , not stormlight , but was more than enough to illuminate her terrified face and the girl clinging to her robelike dress .
he 'd never seen such a thing .
without this thing , i would be dead . ''
is how this thing works .
many of our nuatoma - this thing , it is the same as your lighteyes , only their eyes are not light- '' ` ` how can you be a lighteyes without light eyes ? ''
` ` no , we do not have this thing , '' rock said .
` ` actually , i put this thing in his bread too .
` ` did you not notice this thing ? ''
` ` well , yes , but we can not use this thing . ''
one of these days , he 'd save up and buy a razor and be rid of the blasted thing .
` ` well , we got this thing from the carpenters .
still flustered , she was tempted to leave the thing and continue on her way .
besides , while i am here , i can look into how the thing works .
` ` because this thing makes us too slow , '' rock said .
other than a dresser , the only other thing in the room was the desk , books piled high on the left side .
` ` what good would this thing do ? ''
it was the only thing she had resembling a weapon .
i would have to thump you soundly if you tried this thing . ''
a hospital such as this one is , perhaps , the only thing a man could pour so much money into and be delighted if it were never used .
she will search out places for you to gather , and you four can pick through things quickly . ''
szeth sprayed a table 's top with a full lashing , then infused the entire thing with a basic lashing as well , pointed at the doorway .
if you miss with this thing , you could lose all spheres .
` ` this ... thing , '' kaladin said , gesturing toward the stone .
despite that thing he carried . ''
` ` if he has other abilities , this thing will make them come out , eh ?
` ` now put that thing back where it belongs before you shoot yourself witfi it . ''
a moment or two later , the misbegotten thing reappeared .
` ` what 's that fucking thing for ? ''
bad enough the damned thing only opened one - way !
if the damn thing had n't happened to bounce beneath one of the tables , it might be holding them in place still .
meanwhile , flaherty 's dragon - or , more properly speaking , his da 's dragon - continued to rampage in the deep dark forest ( the jungle was completely gone now ) and set things on fire .
half this crew probably never had such a thing , flaherty thought morosely .
` ` let eddie tell you his story , as much as he has time for , and we 'll both tell what we 'd have you do , and then , if you agree , he 'll give you one thing to take to a man named moses carver ... and i 'll give you another . ''
the thing that looked vaguely like a head even now blew away like milkweed fluff or a dandy - o ball .
roland , who in god 's name put that thing in the bag , do you think ? ''
to begin with he brought two pencils , two pens ( one of them a great old thing that would have looked at home in the hand of a dickens scrivener ) , and three pieces of chalk , one of them in a silver holder that looked like a lady 's lipstick , roland chose this and gave jake another piece .
if we 're going to use this thing , i think we ought to right away .
that thing makes the bus look like a ... a ... '' ` ` like a first - class stateroom on the queen mary , '' susannah said in a weak voice .
jake pushed it without the slightest worry that the thing would explode , or maybe extrude a minibuzzsaw that would cut off his fingers .
i was n't sure this thing would work , especially here , but it seems fine .
there was only the one bridge , a thing made out of ropes , and once we were across , alain cut it .
his trousers are pulled halfway down over his ass by the force of the hit , hanging crooked and twisted , like the pants of a clown , and all at once a guy in a tee - shirt and gabardine slacks with a shiny seat is running off doion stossy avenue toward the stickball game and that thing flapping in his right hand , flapping like a brown leather tongue , why , that thing is ted brautigan 's wallet .
his trousers are pulled halfway down over his ass by the force of the hit , hanging crooked and twisted , like the pants of a clown , and all at once a guy in a tee - shirt and gabardine slacks with a shiny seat is running off doion stossy avenue toward the stickball game and that thing flapping in his right hand , flapping like a brown leather tongue , why , that thing is ted brautigan 's wallet .
i saw dave ittaway go pale , and although tanya did n't make a sound - she was a tough litde thing , as i told you - it was bright enough in the car to see there were tears standing in the corners of her eyes .
he kept lifting his hat - this little beanie - type of thing , almost like a yarmulke , only made of denim - to scratch underneath .
smooth enough for that thing to go back and forth ? ''
` ` lady , can you drive this thing or not ? ''
if you could n't engrave a thing on a microchip , david tassenbaum did n't believe it was real .
` ` ca n't you make this gods - cursed thing go faster ? ''
of course , roland reminded himself , there was a wild card here : the marvelous thing he 'd just seen in the lobby of this building .
and as soon as we were on the trestle , the fucking thing started to creak and groan .
but when roland hunkered to examine the poor battered thing after being pushed down a third ( and extremely long ) flight of stairs , one of the casters was bent badly out of true .
twenty seconds after flicking the switch on its long barrel , the damn thing would be dead .
it was oy the thing would take first if she couldn't- then her finger slipped into the ring lying almost flat against the lid of the can .
` ` no more than fifteen pounds , '' roland said , wiping his hands on his jeans and looking at the tumbled motor , ` ` but i reckon i 'll be glad we got rid of it by the time we 're done with this thing . ''
same damn thing 's probably painted at every other point of the compass , too , she thought .
susannah kept expecting roland to object - to tell her to stop feeding the damned thing and start letting it burn down , for her father 's sake - but he did n't .
` ` i want you to whop this goddam thing off , '' she said .
some of her good cheer melted away at the sight of the thing .
` ` her an ugly old thing , i know , but when you get as old as she is , i do n't reckon you 'll be winnin many beauty contests yourself ! ''
` ` this thing makes ice cubes ? ''
` ` it 's the freezer that makes em , beauty ; that thing on the front just drops em into your drink . ''
her an ugly old thing , i know , the old man had said ... the thing that had looked like an old man .
the refrigerator was no longer a top - of - the - line amana with an icemaker in the door but a squat and dirty thing with the cooling machinery on top , in a drum - shaped casing .
` ` i ' m sure i have such a thing , '' bill said , ` ` and a batterypowered version for susannah .
` ` this is the only damned thing , '' she said .
patrick took what she offered and turned it over between his fingers , frowning , as if he had never seen such a thing before .
he had to have seen the sore beside her mouth , because the nasty thing had pretty much dominated her face for all the time he 'd known her , and he had drawn it in near - photographic detail .
fifteen minutes later , roland re - packed the few things he 'd taken out of the cart , spat into his palms , and hoisted the handles again .
i 'd never fired it at anything bigger than a rabbit , and that was a kind of experiment , to see if i could actually use the thing without blowing off one of my own body parts .
what if that thing up there is their version of a death star ? ''
they came back to report the thing was empty .
like when you 're craving chocolate and the only thing in your backpack is a half - crushed bag of skittles .
when i burst back in , she 's sitting up , holding bear in one hand and a small silver thing that looks like a cell phone in the other .
with very vivid mental images of the thing crawling inside my jumpsuit , i use the only thing available to squash it .
i find a leather satchel - looking thing and stuff him inside , throw the strap crossways over my shoulder .
maybe that little silver thing he 's carrying around ... no .
` ` you really expect me to put in my key , and fire that thing ? ''
` ` the central core of this circular building , '' stone said , ` ` contains elevators and service units -- plumbing , wiring , that sort of thing .
` ` sorry , '' he said , ` ` i was n't sure how the thing worked .
why are you wearing that thing ? ''
` ` the night charley thomas brought the damned thing in .
came back about twenty minutes later with the thing in the back of his ford station wagon .
well , we figured doc benedict would know what to do with the thing .
` ` you might as well shitcan that thing .
` ` they ' ve got a bug on this thing , anywa ... '' ` ` had , '' rico said , smiling .
` ` i never believed we needed such a thing , '' he 'd told her privately .
looks like he brought the damned thing inside .
is it a person behind that thing , she wondered , or tape ?
` ` you do n't have to be afraid of the kelp pulling this thing apart , '' she said .
text : ` ` something hit our ears , and there was that blast from those thing ...
` ` you should get a top on this thing , '' gray hollered .
` ` can you get three hundred klicks out of this thing over rough terrain ? ''
her neighbor , billie , had given her a ride to the job first thing this morning .
macintosh had built the thing after consulting beatriz on holography .
the big question mark for nevi was the hylighter - what would contact with that thing do to crista galli ?
nevi did not want to set down inside the perimeter of that thing - he 'd seen what that blue dust did to some of those burned - out zavatans who wandered dazed around the village .
then we 'll worry about how to get them out from under that thing . ''
` ` we might want to take this thing out for a little spin , doctor , '' brood said .
and that morning all i could think of was , if that thing was unplugged , i could think .
i know if that thing was unplugged , i could put this together .
my mind kept wanting to examine what must have gone on before i came back to the apartment ... kept wanting to see it -- him -- bellis -- jumping up , grabbing the loose edge of the wallpaper by the door to the bedroom because it was the only thing left in the room approximating paper -- hanging on -- finally tearing it loose and carrying it back to the typewriter on its -- on his -- head like the leaf of a nipa palm .
wah - wah - wah - wah , and purple pulses of light shooting out of the typewriter , and suddenly i could understand everything reg had ever said about electricity , because although that thing ran on nothing more than harmless old c. or d cells , it really did feel as if there were waves of poison coming out of that gun and rolling through my head and frying my brains .
` ` mckie , this thing could set human and gowachin at each others ' throats . ''
he 'd been meaning for some time to reprogram the damned thing .
it was a thing of enormous antiquity - thousands upon thousands of standard years .
with a final rasping , the black thing vanished into the lizard .
when her companion had the thing firmly in hand , she raised her arm from the guard 's shoulder , touched his carotid artery with a poisoned needle concealed in a fingernail .
` ` we saw to it that they got only primitive armored vehicles , projectile weapons and relatively unimportant explosives , that sort of thing .
if that guard 's thumb relaxed for any reason , the thing no doubt would explode and kill everyone in the stairwell .
how long is the damned thing ? ''
` ` we may have only a couple of minutes to get that thing ! ''
` ` a self - contained power unit in that little thing ! ''
he took the tube from bonnett 's hand , gritted his teeth at the heat of the thing .
presently , his voice came over the intercom : ` ` we 're at the tube and ready to blow this thing , les .
` ` has it occurred to you that thing could be set to explode on tampering ? ''
ramsey spoke without looking up from the tube : ` ` a half hour of just looking at this thing , studying all the angles , could mean the difference between success and failure . ''
` ` why did this thing start when it did ?
` ` and i still do n't see how they rigged this thing to go off .
he says there was no internal trigger system in the thing , but he could ' ve hidden something from me .
` ` what 's that thing look like to you ? ''
they would n't risk an unimportant student with the real thing .
` ` no worse than thrusting a jack against the base of the pile to horse that thing into position .
` ` do we go down into that thing ? ''
` ` hide in that thing ? ''
` ` stand by with that thing , '' said sparrow .
` ` why do n't you just put that thing away , you little scuzz ? ''
he looked at the sallow thing .
the sallow thing looked more sulky than ever .
7 the sallow thing was back long before eleven ; he was back by nine - thirty .
just an ordinary paisley shirt , a little faded , the sort of thing any frat - boy might wear back on the plane following a short pre - exams holiday ... except this one was specially tailored to hide unsightly bulges .
so he turned , as if to adjust the little paper thing on the back of his seat ( by all the gods that ever were , there was paper everywhere in this world ) , and looked through the doorway .
it looked more like a big packsack than a purse , the kind of thing you expected to see hippies carrying as they made their way along the appalachian trail , getting high on nature ( and maybe a bomber joint every now and then ) , except this looked like the real thing , not just a prop for some airhead 's self - image ; something that had done years and years of harddmaybe desperatedtravelling .
it looked more like a big packsack than a purse , the kind of thing you expected to see hippies carrying as they made their way along the appalachian trail , getting high on nature ( and maybe a bomber joint every now and then ) , except this looked like the real thing , not just a prop for some airhead 's self - image ; something that had done years and years of harddmaybe desperatedtravelling .
` ` that jetway thing is still full of people . ''
the thing fell to the sand in two bloody , spraying chunks .
he could see now that the sign was a thing made of tubes , tubes which had somehow been filled with glowing red swamp - fire .
while he does , me and ... '' roland , he almost said , ` ` ... me and the rest of the guys we both know you got here can watch you build that thing .
the thing was so big it looked prehistoric , so heavy he knew he would have to lift it two - handed .
it was a cheap little thing , not much better than a toy , and touching it made his hand feel dirty , but it was perhaps fitting to kill a despicable man with a despicable weapon .
cort would n't bash eddie for the travois , even though it was an odd , lame - looking thing .
and cort might have offered one of his abrupt , almost grudging compliments because , crazy as the thing looked , it worked .
it was the only thing people like henry did know how to use .
` ` this thing might as well be a piece of shit for all the good it can do me , is n't that right ? ''
sixty - five people on board , sixty of them what julio estevez referred to as d.r.t.ddead right theredand three of the remaining five looking like the sort of thing you might scrape out of the bottom of a coal - furnace ... except what you scraped out of the bottom of a coal furnace did n't moan and shriek and beg for someone to give them morphine or kill them , did they ?
` ` that thing on your head ? ''
i think she 'd seen a plate like that once when she and my mother were children , only of course their parents could never have afforded such a thing .
there was none of them who got any thing forspecial as kids .
odetta holmes was somewhere inside that screaming screeching thing .
` ` doan you be touchin me wid dat thing !
god , the thing sounded fucking huge .
if she was , that goddam thing would be gone .
it had been breathing , but body was the right word just the same ; it had only been a worthless thing , like a cast - off towsack which some idiot had stuffed full of weeds or cornshucks .
when she first crawled in here she had felt things crackling under her hands like old autumn leaves in a woods holler .
detta looked more witchlike than ever , a dirty , matted thing that would have struck tear into hearts much stouter than his own .
` ` yes , '' the gunslinger said seriously , and pretended to look closely at the cleaning kit , although a single glance was enough to show him that it was a shoddy thing in a shoddy box .
` ` i do n't know exactly how to say it ... a thing you put your gun into .
but when he consulted the mortcypedia again , he discovered that the truth of this place was not just in the things he was looking at .
only thing you can draw from now on is a fucking gun , because that 's all you got left .
` ` i 'll need a place to work , plenty of supplies , and my things back . ''
they - along with the splintery bed , the ancient table , and the trunk with her things - made up the room 's entire array of furniture .
once the entire thing was blackened from the candle 's flame - first one end , then the other - she held it up and blew on it strongly .
do n't you need to know a thing 's history exactly to make a seal work on it ? ''
` ` but then ... sometimes a clever forgery is as good as the real thing , '' shai said .
every single thing in the city that we touch , see , feel , experience comes as the result of some person 's influence .
the only thing that retained its original form was the door , thick but unremarkable .
' what does this ... thing do ? '
regenerative plasmeld was the thing .
' the only thing .
she wanted to hurl the thing at igan , but harvey touched her cheek .
the thing was there !
` ` where is the damned thing ? ''
` ` knife -- that big souvenir thing he was always waving around at barbecues . ''
` ` that thing outside murphey 's window . ''
was that the same sort of thing i saw at murphey 's window ?
thurlow could define the thing 's shape against the background glow -- four shimmering tubular legs beneath a fluorescing green dome .
the rainbow glow beneath the thing 's tubular legs began to fade .
anyone could see the thing right there in front of them !
it was a delicate thing -- to give him enough visibility but prevent the pain of sudden light .
` ` it ca n't do a damned thing for people like joe .
` ` she would n't touch this thing if i left it down here alone with her all night .
` ` then it went for a hike up the peak - stupid little thing .
i decided it was a suitable punishment , to have to carry the thing .
was this my hand , this tiny thing ?
i was giving the poor frail thing such a rough awakening .
the thing would be out of his hands then .
damned if he had n't put the thing on upside down .
i 'll call a med - tech for you and a repair robox for thi ... . this thing . ''
` ` what do you suppose is wrong with that thing ? ''
no doubt the thing was working .
he sent the nerve signal to turn the thing off .
what had that damned thing captured ?
i 'll put myself through a medcheck first thing dayside .
she was a pretty thing : a pocket venus with a doll face and green eyes .
he wanted to reach into his neck and rip the thing out .
such a bouncy little thing .
i like seeing things fall into place .
the thing was fixed to the deck by bolts .
the thing looked insidiou ... small pale tube of silver .
until he had seen the pinpoint of that first glow against the pandoran dusk , panille had not been sure he could master this thing .
` ` we have to unload this thing before the surf breaks it up or oakes ' people destroy it .
` ` we could take that thing with a direct attack . ''
four strong clones had been needed to lift the thing back at the cliff .
he wanted to tear the thing from his flesh .
it 's dim enough in here for that thing to have gone into operation , but it did n't do so .
we want this thing to stay as level as possible . ''
for all i know , the tanks on this thing are as dry as a goddam bone .
if the original crew had acquired the damned thing on radar , they never would have gone through it in the first place . ''
i 'd hate to have him grab me at the wrong second and send us into the edge of that thing . ''
` ` can i talk through that thing ? ''
` ` to go through the things we ' ve gone through ... to have taken off successfully and come all this way ... to have actually found the bloody thing ... and then we find out we ca n't go through it and back to our own time just because we ca n't go to sleep ? ''
taj mahal - pearl- ` ` you know what the weird thing was ? ''
pearl frowned , and the vile thing in her hands glared at me .
` ` but you have to put that thing down , '' i said , waving one hand .
` ` easy with that thing , '' the woman who 'd saved me said .
there 's this thing down - ` ` ` ` it 's okay , moz .
nothing could match the real thing .
ship 's an artifact , a thing made by people like us .
the thing was frighteningly realistic , almost photographic .
the thing could only exist immersed most of the time in nutrient , and it grew inexorably , eventually becoming too large for a small boat .
twisp ran a hand absently along the smooth organic tube of the thing , feeling its automatic response .
the way a mother talks to an infant , that kind of thing .
the view on the right showed the tower protruding from the sea and , with the proportions clear from the left screen , keel realized that the thing must lift fifty meters above the surface .
` ` and this damned thing off my neck for a while .
` ` this was his building , the whole thing .
the thing was at least fifty meters long , riding there easily on its flotation hull with the planing foils hidden underwater .
the thing was black , slick and shelled like an insect .
duque realized that vata did not like the thing .
` ` that thing must be pretty high .
` ` we ca n't have them dashing around in this thing looking for us . ''
what 's he doing with that thing ?
` ` let 's get this thing to vashon . ''
` ` your neck ca n't support your head without that ... thing .
` ` help me get this damned thing off , '' he gasped .
a thing like this must provide an answer to every question ; it was just a matter of keeping your foot on the throttle .
scramm grinned , said he thought it was the biggest fucking thing he 'd ever seen , and the reporter made snipping motions with his fingers at the two technicians .
this is a dead clay thing .
i see his thing ! ''
i could n't think of a thing .
` ` how was the thing found ? ''
they took one look at the thing , and ran like hell . ''
i want to see this thing firsthand . ''
and inside the flames levine saw a long pointed snout , and rows of sharp predatory teeth , and hollow eye sockets , the whole thing burning like some medieval dragon rising in flames up into the sky .
` ` but this thing 's a cad - cam machine , and it must be five years old , '' thorne said .
` ` you call that thing small - ` ` ` ` yes , for a tyrannosaur .
but the whole thing looked different .
he ca n't see inside because the windows are polarized , but the thing on the roof looks like a chrome - plated radar dish , goddamned if it does n't .
the silver thing on the roof of the van .
just kind of shake that thing down over him like it was a bedspread !
at one end of this meadow was an eccentric little cupola - shaped thing - janice said it was called a folly , and they were spotted all over the mohonk grounds .
it had occurred to her that if she could dispose of it , get rid of the damned thing , she could perhaps escape the creature on the poplar street end of her life for good .
this thing did n't seem to have so much as a scratch on it , although it had been fired , had gone through a panel of the screen door , and had sheared off the table - leg .
the blood - glistening twist of gristle that was still connecting it to the rest of her made a squelchy sound , like a wet dishrag when you wring it out , and steve wanted to tell her not to do that , to stop fooling with herself before she tore the goddam thing off like a wing off a baked chicken .
be careful , he told himself , she 's flipped out , apt to scratch or bite or any damn thing , so be careful .
now it was just the thing that looked like it belonged in a swamp .
do n't shoot yourself with that thing . ''
where can the damned thing be ?
ten minutes ago , when he and the hippie and the counter - girl had been looking out this same door , he could have sworn that the geller place had turned into an adobe - the sort of thing you saw in pictures of new mexico and arizona back when they were territories .
` ` look how big its body is , and how short its wings are in relation to it - damned thing makes an ostrich look like a miracle of aerodynamics !
the worst part of today has n't been seth throwing things like he did when herb suggested we could buy a replacement dream floater .
just some old black - and - white thing from the bargain bin , but seth really likes it .
i said something about taking him to see dr evers first thing in the morning .
he did n't know what kind of force had been responsible for changing the amiable college english teacher from down the block into the thing he was looking at now , and did n't want to know .
we 're not leaving him out here with that thing . ''
fresh air is the only thing that makes things stink like that , and that means some sort of vent , but deep earth has been burrowing in these parts ever since 1957 , and if there had been a vent big enough to manufacture a stench like that , surely it would ' ve been found and either plugged or followed to see where it went .
` ` if it were up to me , '' he said , ` ` i 'd toss a charge from your powder magazine in there and bring the whole thing down .
open this goddam thing . ''
do n't get nervous with that thing . ''
` ` what 's the absolute lowest you can fly this thing ? ''
` ` we 're only interested in getting this thing back down the way it went up . ''
` ` in space , same thing .
` ` turn that thing off , st . claire .
another shaft of steel slid out like a folding telescope until the whole thing was almost a foot longer than dess was tall .
` ` is this thing clean ? ''
` ` turn that thing off ! ''
of course , at the hospital he was n't referred to as a pr man ; he was the hospital information officer or news officer or some damned thing .
` ` we have a thing like this , too , '' anders said .
what was left was red rage , the rusty buzz of the thing on top of his head - the turning thing between his ears which had once done its work in smooth silence - and an eerily enhanced sense of smell which led him unerringly toward the camp of the three pilgrims .
the thing on top of his head whirred and squealed , squealed and whirred .
the game was to find out how much of that thing you could get out of the wood without breaking it .
the creature raised its head again , the thing turning between its ears catching winks and flashes of sunlight as it did so , then charged eddie 's tree .
8 the silvery thing spun on a steel rod planted in the bear 's skull .
granite city northeast corridor design 4 guardian serial # aa 24123 cx 755431297 l 14 type / species bear shardik * * nr**subnuclear cells must not be replaced**nr * * ` ` holy jesus , this thing is a robot , '' eddie said softly .
eddie looked down and saw he did have a key ; a primitive - looking thing with three notches like inverted vs. that little s - shape at the end of the last notch is the secret , he thought .
i 'll even turtle - wax the goddamn thing .
i do n't like the way that thing makes me feel . ''
` ` if you had n't been wearing this goddamn thing last night , when that bat came at me , i 'd be gone from the nose up this morning ! ''
eddie had days when he thought the goddam thing would outlast all of them .
and if he did screw up , he could n't just toss the thing over his shoulder and walk away .
there was a wrenching sound as the thing began to slide forward .
she saw / sensed the thing flash above the open hole in the ground .
if the place had fallen apart , as most things in roland 's world apparently had , you certainly could n't tell it from here .
but they had a tremendous distance to cross , and some - where , at the end of it , was the thing they had come to find .
` ` that wing looks solid , but it 's not - this thing has been here a long time , jake .
you think this thing 's going to fall into the river just because you 're crossing it ?
easiest thing in the world !
` ` that thing could be a dud ! ''
there was one other woman among the remaining pubes , a scrawny thing whose long blonde hair was coming out in big patches , as if she had the mange .
no sign that the thing was even still connected .
` ` if this thing gives me a shock , my little friend , you 're going to be choking to death on your own sweetmeats in thirty seconds . ''
do n't touch a thing around here you do n't have to .
he picked it up and stood holding the ruined thing in his hands .
too bad about that , missing such a thing .
of course it was made of plastic , this thing .
and then to jump from that attic window , poor thing , but what a hellish life it was with her aunts picking on her and watching her every move and locking her up at night , and her running down to the french quarter and drinking , mind you , at her age , with the poets and the writers and trying to get them to pay attention to her work .
' she 's just a thing in there , i want to remember her the way she used to be ' ' you talk that crap to me ! '
she had dark circles under her eyes and her dress was some old shiny gabardine thing that did n't fit her .
the chain was twisted around her neck , and the thing was caught in her hair in back .
well , even daddy was shocked , with all he 'd seen in this world , picking the hair and splinters of bone out of that thing .
he moved down the side of the thing until he had reached the back , behind the big hulking wheelhouse , and then he grabbed hold of the railing , leapt up on the side - startled for an instant by the fact that the boat dipped under his weight -and swung himself over as fast as possible onto the back deck .
michael watched anxiously as the englishman rose , collected his things , and moved to the gate .
she wondered if the thing had substance to it when it was visible , and if that substance dissolved when the creature ' appeared to disappear . '
she 'd glanced at the clock last night only moments before the thing had appeared .
it seemed a thing made to capture the breezes , for sitting and gazing out over fields and river - a strong brick structure made to survive hurricanes and drenching rains .
' surely it was charlotte who stole the doll from the cabinet , ' said the innkeeper 's son , ' before the priest could lay hands on it , for who else in the terrified household would have touched such a thing ? '
' but she knows nothing or she would not play with this thing .
the words of the inquisitor rang in my ears as i looked at this ugly thing in the firelight .
others gathered as the young cleric in his torn robe , and with his head still bleeding , lighted the torches , and very soon the thing was set ablaze .
a young slave boy brought the cigars to us and lighted them , and this young man stood there to take the thing from the master 's mouth and replace it as he should .
i ruled before my mother gave to me all her secrets , and her great familiar , lasher , and i mean to study this thing , and make use of it , and allow it to enhance my considerable strength .
but he did not need that thing .
' what do you mean to do with this hideous thing ? '
like a statue , i must have appeared , staring into the face of this monster , who with roemer 's smile whispered like an old bawd to me , such filth , and then finally this creature 's mouth ceases to move , but merely grows bigger and bigger , and the tongue inside it becomes a black thing , big and shining like the humpback of a whale .
the doll was reputedly a ghastly thing with real human bones for limbs , strung together by means of black wire , and a mane of horrid white hair affixed to its head of rags with its crudely drawn features .
and we went riding in that thing , all over new orleans .
he thought it was wonderful1 ' he would sit on the front seat next to me - i had to do the driving , of course - all wrapped up in a lap rug , and with his goggles on , just laughing and enjoying the whole affair , what with me climbing out to crank the thing !
i can remember that last year , he did the damnedest thing he took lionel and stella both with him down to the french quarter to see the unseemly sights , so to speak , when they were no more than ten and eleven years old , i kid you not !
but then so long as carlotta was there , he did n't have a chance of it ' you know there were storage rooms up there , right along the front of the house under the roof you ca n't see the roof slope from the street , but they 're there julien had trunks in there i 'll bet that 's where she put the autobiography she did n't bother to burn it not mary beth she just did n't want it to fall into my hands but then that beast carlotta , who knows what she 's done with all those things ? '
at last , katherine had to be sedated for the move to the city , and as stated earlier , she never recovered from the shock , and soon went insane , wandering around the first street gardens , talking all the time to darcy , and searching also for her mother , marguerite , and endlessly turning out the contents of drawers to find things which she claimed to have lost mary beth tolerated her , and was heard to say once , much to the shock of the doctor in attendance , that she was happy to do what she could for her mother , but she did not find the woman or her plight ' particularly interesting , ' and she wished there was some drug they could give the woman to quiet her down julien was present at the time , and naturally found this very funny and went into one of his disconcerting riffs of laughter he was understanding of the doctor 's shock , however , and explained to him that the great virtue of mary beth was that she always told the truth , no matter what the consequences if they did give katherine ' some drug , ' we know nothing of it she began to wander the streets around 1898 , and a young mulatto servant was hired simply to follow her around she died in bed at first street , in a rear bedroom , in 1905 , on the night of january 2 , to be exact , and to the best of our knowledge there was no storm to mark her death , and no unusual event of any kind she had been in a coma for days , according to the servants , and mary beth and julien were at her side when she died on january 15 , 1899 , in an enormous wedding held at st alphonsus church , mary beth married daniel mcintyre it is interesting to note that up until this time the family had worshiped at the notre dame church ( the french church of the tn - church parish ) , but for the wedding it chose the irish church , and thereafter went to all services at st alphonsus daniel seems to have been on very friendly terms with the irish - american priests of the parish , and to have been lavish in his support of the parish he also had a cousin in the irish - american sisters of mercy who taught at the local school it seems safe therefore to assume that the change to the irish church was daniel 's idea and it is also safe to assume that mary beth was almost indifferent to the matter , though she did go to church often with her children and great - nieces and nephews , though what she believed about it one can not say juhen never went to church , except for the customary weddings , funerals , and christenings he also seems to have preferred st alphonsus to the humbler french church of notre dame the wedding of daniel and mary beth was , as already mentioned , an enormous affair a reception of dazzling proportions was held at the first street house , with cousins coming from as far away as new york daniel 's family , though much much smaller than the mayfair family , was also in attendance , and by all reports the couple were deeply in love and deeply happy , and the dancing and singing went on late into the night the couple went to new york for a honeymoon trip , and from there to europe , where they remained for four months , cutting short their journey in may because mary beth was already expecting a child indeed , carlotta mayfair was born seven and one - half months after her parents ' marriage , on september 1 , 1899 .
' and oh , how she pitched herself into things she would draw pictures all day long for weeks on end , then throw out the pencils and never draw another thing then it was embroidery with her , she had to learn it , and she 'd make the most beautiful thing , fussing at herself for the least little mistake , then throw down the needles and be done with that forevermore i never saw a child so changeable it was as though she was looking for something , something to which she could give herself , and she never found it least ways not while she was a little girl .
' and oh , how she pitched herself into things she would draw pictures all day long for weeks on end , then throw out the pencils and never draw another thing then it was embroidery with her , she had to learn it , and she 'd make the most beautiful thing , fussing at herself for the least little mistake , then throw down the needles and be done with that forevermore i never saw a child so changeable it was as though she was looking for something , something to which she could give herself , and she never found it least ways not while she was a little girl .
once more sister bridget marie , then in her sixties , saw the ' invisible friend ' in action in the st alphonsus school yard , finding things for little deirdre and making flowers fly through the air sacred heart , ursulmes , st joseph 's , our lady of the angels - they all expelled little deirdre within a couple of weeks for months at a time , the child stayed home neighbors saw her ' running wild ' in the garden , or climbing the big oak tree on the back of the lot .
i looked down at it , scarce believing that i was holding the thing .
and yet she 'd put this thing in my hand !
the thing was so powerful !
if i read this damn thing properly , cortland was n't just the father of stella and rowan .
i do n't want to see these things now ... ' yet even as she spoke she was peering at the jars , looking at the largest of them in which the liquid was still clear enough to see the soft , vaguely round thing floating there , half shrouded in shadow .
all the smallest sounds of the night seemed to die away and leave her in a void as she struggled to pick this thing out from the murky dark that enmeshed it .
but you have to clean out this old place , you ' ve got to burn the trash up there , get people to come here , maybe michael will help you , and throw things out , all those old books , those jars .
' do n't walk around here with that thing on your wrist , ya hear ? '
he lifted one of these nightgowns - a thin sleeveless thing sewn with pale pastel flowers .
it came so fast finally it was blurred ; he ran his fingers along the mattress : her white leg like a thing made out of dough , and jerry lonigan there , lifting her , saying under his breath to his assistant , look at this place , will you look at it , and when he touched the walls , her face suddenly , deirdre , idiot smile , drool on her chin .
yes , and look at this thing in your hands , now , this was his face , was n't it ?
what was that cold hard thing near his cheek ?
' you ever heard of a thing that could do that ?
the foreman told michael they could have the whole thing patched and replastered by the middle of next week .
she covered her mouth with her left hand but not before that little scream had escaped , her right hand snatching the thing off her neck as if it had been a loathsome insect .
and to think she had to wear the damned thing at the wedding .
she could always explain afterwards , when the thing was safely locked in a vault .
' promise me if you see that thing , you wo n't keep it secret .
she tried merely to see things - to focus upon the moss that grew on the walls , or the color of the jasmine twined still around a fence .
the flowers on the table concealed things .
' this thing is a giant colony of microscopic cells .
you 're a stupid , crazed thing .
it was a big bulky gray lincoln town car , hardly his choice though the soft leather seat felt good , and the thing really cruised when he finally reached the interstate highway .
he was trying to account for a background noise of soupy strings rendering songs from one or another of the well- known light operas or broadway shows or some damn thing of the late twentieth century .
` ` if linda fox will not decide for the s.l . , '' galina said , ` ` why do n't you draw her aside and tell her that one day on her way to a concert engagement her private rocket - that gaudy plush thing she flies herself - will go up in a flash of flaming fire ? ''
do i really want to give this smelly thing to linda fox ?
this thing in my back seat is doing it , he said to himself .
` ` that thing on the roof , '' herb asher said .
even this thing in my tongue , he realized .
obviously it 's a rest camp of some sort for sick kids or kids with no money or some danm thing .
dali , bacon , picasso ... the medium - priced great books animator is set up to render in cartoon form the styles of a dozen system - famous artists ; you specify which ones you want when you originally buy the thing .
` ` tell me specifically what it is in this thing . ''
it 's an oral thing that arrived back from the prox system , a great mouth , open to receive us .
when he opened the office door the man seated at the desk raised his head and said , ` ` close that thing .
the only thing he had on him was this . ''
` ` honey , '' liz said , ` ` do n't you want to give him that thing you found ? ''
` ` and what about this ceramic thing ? ''
` ` ceramic thing ? ''
each successive semicircle was rotated so that the gaps never lined up , giving the whole thing a mazelike appearance .
he never wanted that thing on his head again .
` ` you know , we might actually get this thing back in the bottle .
` ` this thing is gigantic .
finally , chris said , ` ` did the thing say the feet were inside the chapel , or at the chapel ? ''
this thing was hers .
the thing would n't work in the secret hour - even if jessica 's flame - bringer voodoo sparked it up , a lone gps receiver was worthless without those twenty - four satellites pinging away up in space .
the metal spat more sparks as the thing sizzled underneath the pile .
he 'd been so awestruck by the ... thing they 'd seen , he 'd almost been killed by a mere slither .
just show me how that thing works . ''
` ` hope this thing still works . ''
and now you 're waving that thing around . ''
` ` still , melissa , '' he said , ` ` this is a classroom , and i 'd appreciate it if you waited until you were out in the hall before turning that thing on . ''
but she had communicated with the halfling through lore symbols and knew it bore some relationship to the thing being built in the desert ... the road to nowhere .
the groupies were n't building this thing ; they were trying to stop it from being built .
` ` yeah , the thing was totally in a bad way , '' jessica said .
` ` does that thing have a clock ? ''
` ` and this thing wo n't work in the secret hour . ''
` ` how long does that thing last ? ''
i did n't dare unwrap the thing .
the memory of the thing hurt like hell - but pain was n't anything special or new .
my next shot was going to pile - driver the thing straight down into the water table , by god .
things moved out of sight among the trees making small scuttling noises , and i could barely hear high - pitched whispers and sibilant voices coming from the forest around me .
but too many things are in place . ''
` ` how long will this thing keep them off ? ''
` ` and you staggered up out of the bed you 're supposed to be staying in , grabbed the first pointy thing you could reach , and forced her off of anastasia . ''
i turned to kick the thing off of anastasia , but lara beat me to the metaphorical punch .
i eyed the thing .
what 's this thing get , about two gallons per mile ? ''
she was reading a paperback , carefully not opening the thing all the way to avoid creasing the spine .
` ` you say this shagnasty thing has thomas 's cell phone ? ''
the thing that a gun shoots that hurts ? ''
it was a tiny thing , smaller than the nail on the end of my pinky , a distorted , oblong bit of shiny metal .
i put the thing away and sighted on the north star , setting the candles out at the five points of a pentagram , its tip aligned with due north .
it did n't move the thing - the entity was far too massive for that - but the wind cast the grey cloak back as sharply as a ship 's flag caught in a gale , making the fabric snap and pop .
one handy side effect of going through the painfully precise ritual of enchanting it to withstand physical force as if it had been plate steel was that the thing was rendered waterproof and stainproof as well - yet it still breathed .
odds were good that he had n't hit a damned thing , and given his experience he probably knew it .
they were the real thing , from faerie , maybe .
he told me that i had n't lost the eye , and smeared the entire thing with a paste that looked like guano and smelled like honey .
` ` where did you get such a thing ?
and it would n't be worth it ; the damn thing is antiquated .
` ` i 'll save you the trouble of reading ; look here on the last page , where it tells who made the damn thing and where to send it for factory repairs . ''
she pushed the cold metal thing into his hand , closed his fingers about it .
this is the thing that got wendy , he said to himself .
the thing sitting on his lap looked like some strange stenographer 's machine ... and i had an idea that that was n't far from the truth .
the thing in his lap was a word - processor , of course .
' how many times have i told you not to stick this thing on the hood of my car ?
goddam thing hung there like a leech from morning til night , but he had to admit it wis handy .
he knew he did n't have to bellow into the goddam thing , brenda had told him so a hundred times , but he could n't seem to help it .
the water piles up against that ... thing , then trickles off both ways on your side . '
same thing the cruck hit .
if perkins did n't look out , the rock would end up taking control of this thing .
' no break in this thing anywhere on your side ? '
of course the exploring has just started , but right now it does look as if the thing is down as well as up .
' negative , this thing does n't show on radar .
there 's no way of telling it 's there until you hit it , or until you 're so close you ca n't stop the human toll when the thing went up was remarkably low , but you ' ve got one hell of a bird - kill around the edges .
' a thing that could do this ... we do n't know what it would be like , or who could build such a thing . '
she 'd hated the expense of that thing when howie ordered it after nine - eleven ( just to be on the safe side , he 'd told her ) , but now she regretted every sniping word she 'd said about it .
rory thought : i could blow a hole in that thing .
he forgot to put the darned thing in neutral and it lurched forward , actually striking the dome before stalling out .
' resources like that cruiser missile thing ! '
it was a fine thing to toss , especially when you were a little upset : nice and heavy , the golden seams smacking comfortably against your palms .
the damn thing keeps bellowing away , so there must be someone there . '
' never mind that , can you really work this thing ? '
we 'll be making our own , of course , but the scientists in charge of this thing will want to see what the hit looks like from your side of the dome . '
15 ' i do n't know what you folks think you 're doing , ' chief randolph said , ' but i want an explanation , and that thing 's shut down until i get one . '
the idea is to set this thing up , leave it broadcasting , then clear out . '
that 's the goddam thing . '
' that thing probably takes a six - volt dry cell .
' you going prospecting with that thing ? '
it was the only thing , she thought .
if this thing works , the people of chester 's mill will be singing your praises .
according to spectrographic analysis , that thing is n't there . '
' you know , this thing could read zilch everywhere we take it and tjiere still might be a generator , just not one that emits alpha or beta wa - ' ' do it , for god 's sakes ! '
' yeah , but that thing 's , like , super - powerful , ' norrie replied .
it was a fearsome - looking thing with a scope .
phil , putting the envelope with the cash in it into his back pocket , had said : ' awesome rifle , but not exactly the thing for home protection . '
' hard to say , pete , but this thing is big .
if they have found the thing generating the dome , and we can shut it down ... ' ' then this ends ! '
he may no longer be in embryo , but this thing he 's building - this machine - is still in its infancy .
' maybe that thing hits adults further out . '
the damn thing 's a cold war relic .
he stripped off one of the gloves , touched the ground beside the thing , then snatched his hand back .
instead , he gripped the thing 's sides , mentally saying goodbye to his wife and girls , telling them he was sorry for being such a damn fool .
he laced them together and tried again to lift the thing .
6 under the circumstances , the only thing rusty could think of to reduce the swelling in what passed for junior rennie 's brain was iv mannitol .
but junior laboriously rose to his feet , gazed at the gun in his hand as if he had never seen such a thing before , then looked down the corridor to the cell at the end , where barbie stood with his hands wrapped around the bars , looking back .
' she 's a very nice lady , and smart , but we 're still going to armor this thing up , right ?
' damn straight , it 's a made thing , ' rusty said .
i could n't lift the damn thing , i could n't even rock it !
the one george told his folks was the true one : i broke the goddam thing on purpose . '
the shumway woman 's newspaper is one thing ; that storage building is an entirely different kettle of chowder .
it was an old baggy brown thing that hung almost to her knees .
but he 's still the closest thing this town has to a doctor .
4 in the fallout shelter below where the town hall had once stood , the generator - small , old - fashioned , and now the only thing standing between the occupants and the great hereafter - ran steadily .
pull the naked man up by the thing ( hajib ) he 's wearing on his head , because she knows what comes next .
how had he gotten that thing into the court ?
jewels has invested a lot of effort into learning the proper commands to use a lifeless , not to mention learning to maintain the thing . ''
` ` stupid thing , '' jewels said under her breath .
` ` colors - cursed thing .
she has to replace the whole thing . ''
it was probably the same thing jewels had used to make him stop moving in the first place .
the shawl was the only thing she owned , and - meager though it was - several urchins had already tried to steal it from her while she slept .
the sword he had bought her lay on the side of the room ; they had n't had much opportunity to practice , and she still barely even knew how to hold the thing properly .
things were suddenly falling into place .
it 's more like creating remedies for diseases that do n't exist , using that thing .
he began to tinker with switches which were available at the back of the thing .
my dad even got up and walked over to inspect the thing firsthand .
he galvanized or magnetized her or some darn thing .
the immediate effect of the idea was to cause me to look up the edwin m. stanton simulacrum ; when i got back to the office from my visit to the doctor i asked maury where the thing could be found .
pris and maury , with bob bundy 's help , carried the long thing downstairs to the shop ; i trailed along and watched while they laid it out on the workbench .
` ` you and me and jerome and that brother of yours with the upside down face , we made the darn thing sound like a harpsichord and a hawaiian guitar and a steam calliope .
some deep skill was imbedded in this thing .
why do n't you have the thing sell cans of auto wax or dishwasher soap ?
maybe he 's got the thing locked up in a vault somewhere . ''
to me sam barrows said , ` ` you ' ve got quite a tape reeling itself off inside that thing , do n't you ? ''
and then he wo n't want the thing so he 'll go back home to seattle . ''
` ` i have to have the lights on or i get the fear i ' m having intercourse with a thing made out of strings and piano wire and my grandmother 's old orange quilt . ''
i could n't believe that pris could design such a thing .
the booth thing went right along with the others , grinning emptily , taking its cue from its boss .
` ` maybe you mean well and i realize you had nothing to do with building this booth thing .
` ` you had bob bundy build that thing to destroy the lincoln and you very carefully kept me from knowing .
` ` let 's go knock on this thing 's door and find out , '' mckie said .
mckie passed his gaze across the thing .
` ` in that spoon thing . ''
how can you look at the damn thing ?
` ` that thing talks like a computer , '' furuneo said .
` ` were there witnesses , signatures , that sort of thing ? ''
there are some around for story props in the various entertainment media , that sort of thing .
that glowing thing directly in front of him had to be a moon .
crude thing , but it showed the sunset hour .
that silver thing dropping into the room had looked suspiciously like a noose .
` ` get this thing back to the lab , too .
one thing was out of place .
the last time i 'd seen her , she 'd been a wasted , frail , white - haired thing barely capable of stringing sentences together .
` ` we put a lot of hours in on that thing . ''
it did , however , slag the thing into a shower of molten metal as it gouged a two - foot - deep , coffin - length furrow in the concrete of the sidewalk behind it .
` ` i ' ve got no use for anything that does what this thing does , '' i said .
` ` a sweet little thing like you could get in trouble with a big , crazy man like me . ''
` ` i had a kind of face - melty thing come at me once , and it made an impression , '' i said .
` ` that pale thing .
the whole castle - look thing .
the man checked his watch - an expensive swiss stopwatch , with springs and cogs , not some digital thing .
` ` and stay away from that thing , '' he said , pointing at the instrument which looked like a cross between a piano and a harpsichord .
` ` the thing that sounded like a wah - wah pedal . ''
the signs looming over the ` ` trees were wavering slightly , the way things did in a heat - haze .
but look at that thing first . ''
that thing up ahead looks more like something from disney world .
the gimp , jonas , had insisted she put it away - he had been told she had a place for such things , not that he wanted to see it himself , not any of her secret places , gods forbid ( at this sally depape and reynolds had laughed like trolls ) - and so she had , but the hoofbeats of their horses had been swallowed by the wind now , and she would do as she liked .
the old woman rose and went into her sleeping closet , where she had taken the thing jonas had given her .
i do n't know if you 're good with that thing or just shitass lucky , but either way , you 're done with it now .
his grin shone out again , a splendid thing full of white , even teeth .
twice , early on in those delirious weeks , they used the red rock in the wall at the back of the pavilion to arrange meetings , and then some deep voice spoke inside roland 's head , telling him there must be no more of it - the rock might have been just the thing for children playing at secrets , but he and his love were no longer children ; if they were discovered , banishment would be the luckiest punishment they could hope for .
even if ye did see such a thing , it means nothing .
` ` that pesky thing fell off last week , that did . ''
when he reached the end of the corridor , he rapped on the door waiting there - a massive thing of oak and brass set in its own arch .
such things never stay in one place or one pair of hands for long , you know , and even enchanted glass has a way of breaking .
then , once again : ` ` i sh 'd like to have such a thing . ''
when she got up to use the commode , she took the hateful thing off , hurled it into a comer , and crawled back into bed naked .
he knew something , all right - how dangerous the smooth , glassy thing in his hands was .
` ` there was a bag for this thing , '' jonas said .
poor old thing .
` ` now , i do n't know if that thing 's loaded , but i do n't hardly think a traildog like you - ` ` the newcomer pointed the gun at the desk and pulled the trigger .
do they know about that thing ?
finally reaping , and here we sit with our knives sharpened and not a thing in the world to cut .
he had it ; he had it ; by all the graves of all the gods , he had the fucking thing !
he reined around , aware of roy doing the same beside him ... but most aware of the ball in its bag , a thing both powerful and fragile , swinging back and forth against the neck of his horse .
that cussed thing was bleeding again , too .
` ` if we 're going to get out to hanging rock before they 're ready for us , you have to put that thing away . ''
olive had no business even drawing the thing - it caught on her serape , and she had to fight it free .
` ` do n't look directly into that thing , '' cuthbert muttered to alain .
cuthbert tried again to take the cursed thing away , and could n't .
but that did n't happen , was n't going to happen , and as they neared the green palace , jake realized something else : it was the most beautiful , radiant thing he had ever seen in his life .
1 roland stopped at the sentry - box , glanced in , then picked up the thing which was lying on the floor .
it hung from the wizard 's fist like a teardrop , and now the thing in its pouch began to pulse with pink light .
left whole , the nasty thing might be able to help them back to the path of the beam , but roland did n't believe they actually needed it .
now look into this wretched thing , if you would , and see what i lost not long after .
roland had seen it all in the glass before finally turning the wretched thing over to his father , and roland had put a stop to it .
perhaps roland also understands the truth at the last split - second - that the woman in the doorway really is his mother after all , that the thing in her hands is n't a snake but a belt , something she has made for him , a peace offering , mayhap , that the glass has lied to him in the only way it can ... by reflection .
her slender fingers fought with the frog fastening on her collar , trying to get the damn thing done up .
squeaking , she grabbed the first thing she could get her hands on .
no amount of synth - plastic , no matter how realistic or how stimulating its pump action , could replace the real thing .
with this thing dead in the water , we could get pinged any moment ... archon did n't need to complete the thought .
he needed to cut into her flesh to remove the thing .
ca n't this freaking thing go any faster ?
you guys seriously need to get this thing tricked out , '' samara informed the cabin in general .
the thing bleeped as it registered his comm details .
she pursed her lips as the thing booted up and displayed a readout on the androids base systems .
her bots walked and talked like the real thing , none of the time lag or wooden movements and expressions of her competitors work as her skill with android mechanics shone through .
if she was going to be road - testing the thing , she really should check out its capabilities .
probably did , making the things , she probably saw them as a collection of parts , whereas milly was still teetering between knowing that the thing in front of her was a bot and wanting to suspend disbelief so she could buy into the fantasy that this really was johnny ram .
probably did , making the things , she probably saw them as a collection of parts , whereas milly was still teetering between knowing that the thing in front of her was a bot and wanting to suspend disbelief so she could buy into the fantasy that this really was johnny ram .
just how much had this thing cost to build ... and could she afford to buy one ?
water hit his chest in small , but powerful pin - pricks and he bit back a grin as he realized the thing was cranked up the max .
crap , she should have installed the latest model speed lifts in this thing months ago .
and because it was an antigravity lift , there was n't even a roof or cable to the thing she could crawl on and climb up .
` ` oh , you 're a wild little thing , are n't you ?
if that thing got a weapons lock on them , then this was going to be a hot jump and the last thing she needed was to be unsecured during a hottie .
she backpedaled and tried the only thing she had left .
` ` bloody thing .
` ` there was a man in here last week , asking about that thing you bought .
` ` funny old thing , is n't it ?
` ` you would not happen to have such a thing as a box of matches on you , would you ? ''
i took a deep breath , casting about in my mind until i found the thing that enabled me to walk , and expanded it .
forget computer games or the internet - this thing was fast as a nanopod , but it did n't do anything other than type and print .
` ` it was some kind of plant thing .
the information sheet came up on the screen - and then , like one of those infuriating game demos that made you pay money before you saw the whole thing , the screen dimmed and a message popped up : officer clearance required .
i ' ve mentioned the noise in the in - between , so it wo n't come as much of a shock that i did n't hear the thing fire .
i hurled the thing a la captain america , silently thanking my alternative phys ed teacher for training us in the dubiously useful art of discus throwing .
it 's the same kind of thing as my skin shield , just ... well , less advanced .
the light was flowing through the wires to the tesla - coil thing , and a sphere was slowly growing above it .
nobody else will be hurt but me and you , this illusion , this thing i ' ve created because i ' ve come to some sort of end of the line .
with another spouse , his mother might have been a tender and loving thing , but her husband had gone to prison when she was pregnant with the last child , and she 'd never gotten over it .
he stared at the drugstore prints of flowers in their ugly frames -- these foolish things he 'd bought -- ranged around the papered walls of the apartment .
` ` meir , this doctor of the law may be the very thing .
the servants had swept the place , cleared away the fallen chandeliers , and dusted things .
but not even the most conscientious surveyor surveys at midnight , and yet here the thing was , tripod legs deep in the turf .
the soft breeze flapped the cloak of the slim figure who was adjusting the knobs of the thing .
wha ' class o ' thing wud that be ?
` ` means he does n't know why , '' said newt , who had n't spent years on the littoral of business without picking up a thing or two .
the only thing she 'd bothered to bring with her had been her clock , one of the family heirlooms .
there is a tiny metal thing above it .
nevertheless , crowley upgraded it every few months , because a sleek computer was the sort of thing crowley felt that the sort of human he tried to be would have .
it 's the kind of thing they put up on boards outside air bases .
this thing was n't built for two people , you know . ''
you could make a radio or a thing that goes beep . ''
for the look of the thing , he peered into the back of one of the cabinets .
she was pretty shattered , poor thing .
` ` what 's a investment an ' a thing ? ''
hated doing that so i started hanging around the street markets , taking the rotten apples an ' oranges an ' things people threw away .
a gloved hand reached down from behind varney , crushed his sword , and dropped the twisted thing to the floor .
the whole thing was rather larger than a wide - screen television , although the actual screen itself was no more than six inches across .
we have to get the ... the thing i got ... to the angel .
even the bottle - opener , and the thing for getting stones out of horses ' hooves . ''
` ` you ought to put that thing away .
then she made the thing with her lips , you know ? ''
her father , brothers , friends , they stare at me hungrily , and i pick up the small thing .
a moment or so of chitchat : where she was from , her name , that kind of thing .
in the town of dymton a newly - born girl was left one night on the steps of the church , where the sexton found her there the next morning , and she had hold of a curious thing , viz .
she was the prittiest thing you ever did see , a fine young lass , who spent her dais and nights behind high stone walls with no - one never to see , but a towne wyfe who came every morn .
also they had things to trade , and thus the fair continued , serving the outcasts and the dwarfs , serving the robbers ( if they were circumspect ) who preyed on the rare travelers from lands beyond the forest , or on gypsies , or on the deer .
it was a simple thing , a silver - backed glass disk , which i kept wrapped in a doeskin , in a chest , in my chamber .
i reached out and touched it , a tiny , slippery thing .
the cold was so intense that i could n't feel my hands at all , and the stench of the thing made my head swim , and the rain was pounding into my face and my glam was bleeding out so fast that i knew i had seconds , no more- so the first thing she did was put her umbrella up .
the thing had been booked for a specific date , for reasons i neither knew nor cared about .
she took a plastic sheet from her skin purse and took the thing without actually touching it .
there was an english song he 'd heard once , of which he recalled only one verse : the man who buys a pint of beer gets half a pint of water ; the only thing the landlord 's got that 's any good 's his daughter .
he 'd had some very interesting plans for her , and here she was , the next thing to comatose , and wholly incapable of knowing what was being done to her .
thanks to your mom telling you prices , you win a thing like you 'd put in a room covered in easy - care , wipe - clean , stain - resistant vinyl .
i made housebot put the thing outside on the patio , beside the pool , where it sits looking bare .
` ` but the darn thing takes not the blindest bit of notice ! ''
as spring turned to summer the only thing he 'd discovered was a bee 's nest , provoking a swarm and earning him a bump on the nose .
busboy on a smoke break at etta 's saw him coming out of the forest , carrying some things .
nothing outlasts the energizer bunny ! -and then , after waiting ten seconds for the flashing signal that never came , put the thing back up on the shelf .
` ` how the hell can that thing fly ? ''
` ` i am going to make this thing fly . ''
the original footage was destroyed , so he 's going to restage the whole thing . ''
that 's what leonard 's planning to do now - replicate the footage then pass it off to maggie as the real thing . ''
only it was moving - it was flying - its countless gears and propellers and wings spinning and whirring and flapping all at once , so it seemed the entire thing would vibrate into a thousand pieces .
the only thing we did find was in a diary kept by the guy who delivered the mail back then .
he was glad to be left alone again in his cabin , though housed amongst things he did not recognize : even his sea - chest was unfamiliar to him , new and rough - hewn , a cheap construction which must have been bought in desperation and which should shortly have to be replaced ; a green creeping stain was already to be seen growing upon the underside .
` ` good heavens , '' he said , ` ` we must go at once : and i suppose we have not the first thing for you to wear . ''
why do you not get this thing off my back so i can fly again ? ''
the casket was a glorious thing , made of what looked like heavy - duty reinforced steel , gunmetal gray .
pretty thing , in a trashy sort of way .
i thought she was such a pretty little thing , and i am sure that rosie would just love to meet her . ''
his first thought was that she was eating something , because the thing he saw between her teeth was brown , and was certainly not a tongue .
big glass thing , like a giant christmas tree ornament . ''
and then they let the whole thing down with a lock that a five - year old could open with a spoon - handle- .
the door opened and they saw the thing on the floor .
he took a deep breath , and let the air push through his lips , controlling it as best he could , saying a word with such certainty that not even the universe could argue with him : he described the thing on his hand , and he said his own name , which was the best magic he knew : ` ` hhssspphhhrrriiivver . ''
i 'd had to memorize the stupid thing , not that i could recall a single word now .
poor thing , though she was probably happier .
i stuffed the stupid thing in my pocket , imagining whipping it out and shoving it in erik 's face .
my hand shook as i unbuckled the only thing that would save me from slamming into the windshield if we crashed .
the boat was the most beautiful thing he 'd seen since his wife on their wedding day .
it was the only thing that could withstand the temperature in antarctica , shield them from the possible radiation , and provide enough oxygen in case their cord got disconnected .
` ` you can fly this thing , right ? ''
` ` i thought you said you could fly this thing ? ''
rutger shouts for the men to work faster , as if this thing is going anywhere .
toba protocol , reducing the total population , causing a genetic bottleneck and a second great leap forward - they 're doing it to create a race of super soldiers , advanced humans who can battle whoever built that thing in gibraltar . ''
the sheet of ice inside the helmet was complete now - she could n't see a thing .
possibly damage to the structure , the entire thing could collapse for all we know .
the room was n't an operating room , but it was the closest thing the resort had - a massage room in the spa building .
i should take this thing off and go back to my room .
that thing 's got to be a vault .
stashed the whole thing in a duffel bag .
of course , this is the kind of thing that 's used to disperse riots .
god , he 's always hated this thing .
whole thing rigged like she 's trying to jumpstart a car that 's been dead for a century .
new wine , old bottles , that sort of thing , except in this case , it 's the other way around .
` ` what do you do , sharpen that thing ? ''
damn thing still looked like a sewer drain .
` ` just get the thing off , '' he said between clenched teeth .
this time the thing twitched and loosened .
` ` this bloody thing keeps searching , but it 's not picking up the beacon . ''
idols , statues , paintings , that sort of thing .
` ` dennis and i must spend the night in the warrior 's den , but i 'll make sure i ' m here first thing in the morning .
it had been the only thing that khalid had let him keep from his gym bag .
now if you do n't mind '' -he pointed at the number 1 glowing on the belt- '' this thing 's still going to explode . ''
` ` cage thing destroyed .
` ` we should get some pictures since we 're testing the darned thing . ''
` ` do you want to fly this thing ? ''
you 'll tear the whole thing down .
it looked like it might be a beluga whale , but this thing had legs .
` ` we ca n't trust that thing will stay gone for long , '' the seaman said .
she had washed , mended , patched , ironed the damn thing for ten years .
unless we can get the abort code to turn this thing off , this baby 's going to blow in '' -he checked his watch- '' in fifty - five minutes . ''
` ` damn thing 's sealed tighter than fort knox ! ''
` ` like the flashlight , that 's another thing none of us thought to bring . ''
` ` the thing must weigh close to a ton . ''
after testing the unknown substance , the friar 's cross was clearly composed of the real thing .
keep the damn thing clutched to your chest , and i 'll do the rest . ''
it 's ... it 's just that i ca n't get this damn thing open , and they 're counting on me . ''
` ` this thing is some biological regenerator .
the damned thing must be magnetic .
` ` this thing weighs a ton , '' she said .
damn , this thing is heavy .
how big was this thing ?
if the thing could magnetize the wreckage , then it is damn strong .
he 'd open the damned thing later .
i have my nationwide address first thing in the morning and i do n't want to look too tired .
` ` i ' ve been struggling to find out why the nautilus 's clock was always messed up when the submersible neared that crystal thing , but i could never find anything wrong afterward . ''
` ` we do n't know how fragile that thing is . ''
so far the damned thing has defied standard scanning methods .
` ` have you even slept since i gave you that thing ? ''
i ca n't even get the friggin ' thing to melt . ''
` ` and this thing heats to a temperature of seven hundred degrees . ''
` ` how 'bout if we tried short - circuiting the damn thing ? ''
jeffreys , the team 's communication expert , had kept a close ear to the wire and knew when the connection was made , but the damn thing had been cleverly encrypted .
` ` how are we supposed to get our hands on such a thing ? ''
for it to work , they 'd need an operator sitting up there aiming the thing by hand . ''
nothing good could come from the wretched thing .
` ` they should just shoot the damn thing , '' frank said .
` ` but the damn thing smells like it was drawn with pig shit or something .
` ` damn thing has teeth . ''
` ` this thing is amazing , '' manny finally mumbled .
this thing must weigh close to five pounds .
` ` just lob the whole thing in , '' the ranger recommended .
` ` he loves that old thing .
` ` i have no idea what that thing is . ''
` ` you 're the only one who can get the damned thing fixed . ''
her granddaughter drifted in a cloud of pillows and sheets , such a tiny thing with lines and monitor wires running to machines and saline bags .
probably did n't want to get the foul thing wet , kelly thought sourly .
` ` it was good to get that bloody thing off . ''
` ` maybe dr . al - maaz was right about not moving this bloody thing . ''
` ` i told you i thought the thing was hollow , '' clay whispered .
the bloody thing looked alive .
i ' m talking about taking the damn thing back to where it came from .
` ` damn thing 's booby - trapped . ''
` ` but she 's not going to be driving the damn thing , is she ? ''
they were to be interrogated first thing in the morning .
` ` we ca n't keep driving this thing , '' he said .
i bought the damn thing two months ago .
` ` then turn the goddamn thing off . ''
she offered the guild scientist the only thing she could .
it 's only quarter charged , and the bloody thing cost me the equivalent of a small beach house in sydney harbor . ''
let 'em have the goddamn thing . ''
he pulled out the only thing it held : a small electric sander .
` ` just carrying the thing creeps me out . ''
why would the girl draw such a thing ?
got that thing shoved in my face .
` ` i can get you a flight out first thing in the morning . ''
` ` ca n't get any signal now ... '' ` ` might be the energy given off by this thing , '' she realized aloud .
` ` i ran a hand over the remainder of the wreckage after yanking that thing out .
and getting rid of this thing .
the tube 's thin layer of mylar was the only thing between them and hard nothing : hope it did n't rip ; goodbye lungs if it did .
an outcropping of the thing shifted toward her .
` ` here 's the thing , jim , '' mcdowell said , his voice quiet enough that only holden could hear him .
` ` what about that thing that looks like a hole in the side ? ''
` ` where the hell did that thing come from ? ''
the martian battleship was the only thing he could think of that might be inside laser communications range .
can you fly this thing ? ''
` ` so the mormons are going to ride that thing all the way to tau ceti , huh ? ''
the doors that led off the corridor were made of faux wood distinguishable from the real thing only because nobody had that much money .
there 's even a small kitchen space over here , '' fred said , pointing to each thing as he spoke .
` ` it 's the thing on my body that hurts the least right now . ''
repaint the whole thing .
` ` the whole thing screams last minute .
` ` but there 's no way i ' m touching that thing until we know what did that to her and that it is n't catching .
video asshat said this thing eats radiation .
` ` this thing , '' miller said .
` ` what does it mean when the thing is red ? ''
i better get down to the engine room and look at that ... thing i ' ve been meaning to look at , '' amos said , and jumped to his feet .
now it looks like the whole damn thing 's earth ?
he knew that the long , ropy swirl to the left of the thing were intestines .
` ` they had some sort of map of where this thing would be at the time they sent the laser comms .
` ` this thing is worth a jillion bucks , captain .
the opa would sell their grandmothers for this thing .
` ` naomi , cut a small hole in the bulkhead and see if there 's anything that would stop us from just cutting the whole damned thing out and taking it with us . ''
it 's all because they want to be the only ones who have this thing .
we tell everyone what this thing is and that we ' ve got it , we 'll be dead before protogen . ''
who knows what that thing 'll do ? ''
we ' ve got ... that thing .
he had a moment 's chill , recalling that there was still a sample of the thing on board the roci .
` ` even if we studded the thing with nukes , how would we be sure that no little scrap of the thing would make its way to a colony or down a well ?
` ` even if we studded the thing with nukes , how would we be sure that no little scrap of the thing would make its way to a colony or down a well ?
blowing that thing up would be like blowing dandelion fluff into the breeze . ''
` ` big engines on that thing , '' miller said .
the booby trap thing 's kind of improvised .
once , the whole thing had fluttered , cutting in and out like a piece of equipment on the edge of failure .
` ` he 's still talking about ways to get you off that thing . ''
navies are still going to be thinking of this thing like a billiard ball when it 's really a rat . ''
if i truck this thing inside , get it close to whatever coordinates the thing , i can break it .
how fast am i accelerating on this thing , anyway ? ''
good thing he was n't going to have to haul this damn thing back down .
her brain , her emotions are all over this thing .
` ` i mean , she 's got to park this thing somewhere . ''
` ` is it important that we disable the galley to fix this thing just before confronting a bloodthirsty band of space pirates ?
even at its best , the jovian moon was a wasteland of gray silicate rock and slightly less gray water ice , the entire thing pocked with craters and flash - frozen lakes .
somebody put that thing on ganymede , '' she said , and seated the gun in its housing with a sharp metallic click .
the enhanced images showed the dozens of impacts cutting through the thing , the trails of filament coming out its back like streamers .
all that mattered was finding out who 'd put that thing on ganymede .
none of them f**king care what that thing was or where it came from . ''
i ca n't find a goddamned thing anymore . ''
` ` you know , '' bobbie said finally , ` ` i just have some stuff to read , so if you 're busy , i could take that thing to the data services guy .
stripped the whole thing down to the screws . ''
i ' m scared shitless of walking into the cargo bay with that thing in there .
and right now , i need to focus on getting that thing off the ship , and all i can think about is losing one of the crew . ''
i ' m almost thinking we should just go down there , grab the thing , and toss it out the door .
the thing in the cargo bay was unquestionably the same technology , but harnessed for some different application .
alex , you need to get that thing out of here before it gets through the bulkhead .
do n't leave me in the pit with that thing .
if the thing had n't come from venus , then where ?
he wanted to watch the thing be torched , but the moment his weight came down , a white - hot spike of pain took his knee .
this was an entire fully functioning space station in orbit around earth solely for his private spaceships , and the whole thing done up like peacock feathers .
` ` but it could be also be an ancillary weapon , or a payload that the thing was supposed to deliver .
` ` it means that wherever the main lab is - the place they did n't release one of those things on - it has to be close enough to ganymede to get it there before it slipped its leash .
she made the thing look small , which was impressive in itself .
the thing that started it all off .
` ` we just got this damn thing put back together , '' amos said .
` ` got any games on this thing ? ''
who made this thing ?
` ` who 's who on this f**king thing ? ''
` ` we 're going to have to slag that thing , '' bobbie said .
it was the sort of thing any member of the damage - control team might wear during an emergency .
` ` when you came in , all i could see was this big , lumpy red thing , '' larson explained .
she was in a harshly cut uniform , the sort of thing that security forces adopted to make their staff look hard and intimidating .
you 're one of protogen 's pet sociopaths , and i ai n't buying any damn thing you 're trying to sell . ''
` ` i ' ve got protomolecule goo all over this thing . ''
this thing is what the protomolecule came here to make .
the gaming deck , the only thing he 'd ever spent hutch 's illicit money on , sat at the side of the desk .
the men who drew the plans , who envisioned the final form of the thing ?
` ` just a thing . ''
the things he 'd gotten since coming to tycho station - the frame cycling through a dozen good family pictures from earth , the tin santos candleholder that his ex - girlfriend had n't taken when she left , the civilian clothes - would have filled his old place on ceres and not left room for him to sleep .
tonight she could lie in her couch dressed in the simple cotton underclothes that she 'd bought as the kind of thing melba would wear .
the duffel bag inside was green and gray , the kind of thing he 'd have put his clothes in when he went to work out .
it was the kind of thing she wore when she wanted to appear casual .
so it took a lot of effort to get that thing running , but it looks like not much to maintain . ''
it was n't the sort of thing that he 'd have expected to have any practical application .
asked me to plant this thing .
it was the closest thing they had to a brig .
` ` and that thing is the only place in here .
the chances were slim that they 'd be sending anyone to the thing .
anna grabbed on to the nearest thing she could find , which turned out to be a rack of weapons .
` ` touching that big thing in the middle of the room . ''
this was just the sort of thing soledad , stanni , and bob would have checked on if they 'd been working maintenance .
not the kind of thing a maintenance tech could afford .
petyr , poor thing , had never been able to hold a melody .
he shook the thing twice , then put the formed ceramics to his lips and breathed .
` ` might be that we can get this thing off of lockdown and it wo n't kill off the sun , even if ashford does get a shot off , '' bull said .
let 's crack that thing open . ''
` ` no wonder we ca n't destroy the damned thing . ''
i got a thing waiting . ''
that dna thing ?
i think it 's that black thing in the middle there . ''
we found the thing , we do n't know what it is , and they 're welcome to have it if they want it . ''
only you said he had to try a sample first to make sure it was the real thing ? ''
the imperial sidearm was a clumsy thing .
he knows where this thing is .
` ` get elbow - deep in that thing so as i ca n't draw with solo at my back ?
unless you can shoot down a star destroyer with that thing . ''
` ` you got the whole thing decrypted , then ? ''
this thing will definitely be a problem .
` ` galassian does n't talk about the size of the thing .
` ` we 're about to throw all eight x - wings at a star destroyer so that we can sneak down into the ruins of some xenophobic dead species ' civilization and try to steal this thing from who knows how many imperial troops and scientists .
` ` we came here to find this super - high - tech thing that kills hyperspace , and it 's in a temple made out of rock ?
` ` so can you work this thing ? ''
i think i found the thing that 's blocking the hyperwave relays from sending messages out .
not if it could actually damage the only thing they could hide behind .
` ` yeah , that one thing scarlet told me not to touch ?
` ` i hope that thing has power , '' han said .
` ` there 's people on that thing , '' basia said , crawling under the pad .
the flat ground of the lake bed stretched out toward it , and then grew rougher until it reached the thing 's base .
` ` you do n't know what that thing 's off - gassing , '' he said .
` ` i do n't know if i ' m done with this thing , '' holden said .
` ` you 're telling me , '' wei said , her voice even and calm , ` ` that thing is a couple billion years old ? ''
in the heart of the fire , the thing glowed .
` ` do you think that thing was a machine ?
target the places that can be hijacked into making the things that let you get there .
the thing from the desert was nothing more than embers , glowing dull orange in the night but illuminating nothing .
` ` so , '' holden said , ` ` you think that these ... things we 're seeing are artifacts or organisms or something trying to wake up ? ''
and that thing in the desert was clearly broken .
this thing was a lucky break .
` ` the clock - the orbital timer thing is broken ! ''
all of it was the kind of thing he 'd seen in pictures of his grandparents .
he says there 's a thing that might turn off the alien artifacts , which would get the roci flying again and pretty much solve all of our problems . ''
` ` all i ' ve got to do is put a little battery power to 'em , set 'em to automatic , and point defense can slag that thing before it comes close . ''
holden was doing a mental inventory of everything he was carrying , trying to figure out if any combination of things might make an explosive powerful enough to blow the door off , and carefully ignoring the fact that any such explosion would probably liquefy any biology inside the small metal compartment , when a loud metallic groan came from outside the cart that rose in pitch to a shriek .
` ` i ' m able to get into the local hardware , and this thing was in pretty good shape for having missed its three - month warranty check by a thousand million years or so . ''
making passages , '' the miller - bot said , waving one massive claw in the air , ` ` is what this thing 's for .
a stab of panic took her and she glanced at the clawed thing .
she turned to him , confused , and pointed at the uncanny thing in the center of the room .
whatever else this thing was designed to do , it likes still existing until it finishes its job .
i ' m popping the seals on this thing . ''
the blue thing was the shape of a huge elongated almond .
` ` you 're exaggerating , '' he said as she shoved her hands under the thing .
` ` is that thing going to kill me if i go into it ? ''
elvi rocked back , keeping the thing - miller - on her thighs and still getting her feet under her .
she pressed the blue thing to her chest , crying out from the pain .
the blue thing .
he should go to the police first thing .
he 'd once found a fifty - year - old newspaper inside an old desk announcing the election of a new president , had wanted to take it home and show his parents , but the thing was so brittle it had flaked apart in his hands .
` ` if it 's all right with you , i 'd like to call first thing next week .
` ` i have to fly to boise first thing in the morning , '' he says into her ear .
he glanced down at what was left of whatever the hell this thing was .
` ` now , i told you not to bring a thing . ''
` ` but i might have just the thing . ''
while things sizzled , he chopped tomatoes .
ethan said , ` ` do that thing where it shows all the areas that are covered under visual surveillance . ''
` ` that thing we were looking for .
a small , quiet voice in the back of hassler 's mind whispered , you are out of your goddamn mind to be climbing into this thing .
i 'll come up to the mountain tomorrow first thing and get it over with . ''
` ` whatever this thing is , it was moving on four limbs .
whatever was under the hood of this thing had some meat on its bones .
` ` what 's that thing moving inside its chest ? ''
` ` no , kendra , you silly thing , the sphinx would have my head !
you want me to touch that thing again , you will have to force my hand onto it , and please do n't pretend you 're doing anything besides erasing my mind .
` ` i hear a brisk jog is just the thing before fighting dragons .
i ' m going to shake this thing until we have the biggest storm wyrmroost has ever seen . ''
` ` he 's the closest thing we ' ve had to a dragon tamer since patton himself !
` ` what about this thing ? ''
a street magician needs places to hide things .
kendra and seth crossed the parking lot to the van.31 are we really going to drive away with him in that thing ? kendra mumbled .
surely the statue would not need the whole thing .
he does n't want to waste a thing .
coulter had said to remove the nail , which had to be the thornlike thing in the side of the revenant 's neck .
she looked like she 'd been dipped in lava.421 all that to guard the lamest thing ever : a shabby oldteapot .
just place the things inside , grandpa was telling dad .
this is the one thing in the room i was doing .
this stupid thing wo n't even focus , seth complained .
that thing flew !
he popped the whole thing in his mouth .
it did n't look right , of course - the entire thing was made of beads .
` ` i will get this thing . ''
` ` so this thing , '' shallan said , nodding to the pattern , which was spinning in circles in the center of the cabin , ` ` is like ... a prince , on their side ? ''
those ladders had been unsavory things , the ropes frayed and stained with moss , the planks battered by far too many highstorms .
` ` this thing could be useful , '' rock said , rubbing at his strangely cut horneater beard .
` ` does this thing hurt ? ''
how had rock lifted that thing ?
this thing will fit you !
` ` this thing , '' rock said , ` ` it worked well . ''
the thing had a large triangular wedge of a blade with a grip directly at the base ; you 'd hold the grip like a fist , and the long blade would extend out down past the knuckles , with parts of the hilt resting around the wrist for support .
` ` the thing we trade for , a treasure that very few know still exists .
` ` disgusting , '' kaladin said , handing it back as lopen gave him the thing he 'd dug out of his pocket , a shell with glyphs written on both sides .
the thing looked as if it had been constructed of wood and rope first , then soulcast into iron .
even a few footings giving out should n't have let the whole thing fall off - the metal pieces would have had to come apart .
this thing should n't be so ... warm .
hard to feel like this thing is worth as much as it is .
the thing was very focused .
they seemed to find it very amusing that adolin had his soldiers take shifts carrying the thing .
` ` you can darken glass by painting it , but i do n't think you can lighten it without melting down the whole thing . ''
` ` this thing , '' shallan said , gesturing at her dress .
it should not be so difficult to knock the thing down . ''
you 're alive because of that cursed thing , she thought to herself .
if this thing crashes to the ground again , i do n't want to lose another week attempting to figure out what went wrong ! ''
the only thing connecting it to the ground was a set of two pulleys and ropes , but those offered no support .
adolin clomped up the steps to her viewing platform , rattling and shaking the entire thing with that shardplate of his .
` ` get close , summon the thing , have it through a man 's chest before anyone knows what happened . ''
what had they made the thing out of ?
` ` but this thing , you are certain she can work ? ''
the stiff thing went all the way down to the top of her boots , and she tied it at the waist with a thick black hogshide belt so that it was mostly closed in front , as tyn had worn it .
she was surprised a highstorm had n't blown the thing over .
teft reached out to touch the shardblade , but moash seized the thing first , taking it by the hilt and yanking it - too hard - out of the ground .
the thing only had a little bit of shell - on the nose and mouth - but the strangest part was its hair .
` ` this thing should be a drink for women , not for large horneater men .
` ` take the thing whenever you want !
shallan stuffed her things into her satchel , then rose to her feet , stepping to the edge of the terrace , freehand fingers on the stone railing there .
` ` that , '' adolin said , ` ` is the ugliest thing i ' ve ever seen .
kaladin had to admit the thing was pretty .
` ` do n't feel sorry for the thing , '' adolin said .
relis scored a hit on his helm , and the thing exploded , exposing the prince 's face .
` ` if it happens , '' adolin said , ` ` it might not be until he 's bonded the thing .
nearby , leyten laughed and gave him pointers on how to hold the thing .
` ` that thing . ''
look , are you going to take this thing ?
training with a practice sword did not make you an expert with the real thing .
` ` what if we climbed up that thing , then tried to scale up to the top of the plateau ? ''
standing on one and clinging to the highest one , she summoned the blade again and tried to cut a step even higher , but the thing was just so blasted long .
we could only get the gemheart out because the thing was half - rotted already . ''
but i wo n't let you , or anyone else , treat me like a thing to be hidden away .
` ` i ' m not sure what we would even do if we found the thing . ''
shakiest thing i ' ve ever seen ... '' shallan looked up at them .
unfortunately , the thing had fogged up on one end .
would n't the designer of the thing have built it to be sealed on the inside , to prevent moisture from getting in ?
` ` we will never search the entire thing in time , '' said one of the ardents , a man who seemed to be constantly removing his spectacles and wiping them down .
i ' m still half afraid this thing will suck the blood out of anyone who touches it . ''
instead , water quickly started to pool around the thing .
` ` i mean ... storms ... '' ` ` just sew the thing up , '' he said .
` ` if such a thing can be found . ''
he gripped the thing in a gauntleted hand and began to write .
a thing on one side that adapted to fit different shardblades .
nin began to walk away , revealing that the thing he held behind his back was a sheathed sword .
how did the entire thing stay up ?
it is a new thing , but old of design .
since yol actually threw the thing , my ability to imagine broke down for a moment .
it erased the damn thing and popped up a screen that taunted us , saying he 'd already released his infection .
why was i even carrying the blasted thing ?
star knew that she was talking about the ship that was about to leave the hangar - a sleek , flashy thing that had been commissioned for the annual space race to neptune ( which everyone knew was a fallacy - the race officially ended at jupiter , but the sponsors claimed that did n't have the same ring to it ) .
emerging from the shower , she grabbed her towel , a ratty gray thing she 'd had for years , worn to holes in the corners .
` ` the entry procedures - the ablative coating should hold while we 're passing through the atmosphere , but if i do n't set the parachute to release , the whole thing will disintegrate on impact ! ''
i leaned forward to look through the black tube thing mounted on top and saw a smaller circle inside a bigger circle , to help aim .
i 'd like you to be able to pilot this thing out of here if you have to . ''
` ` we ' ve got to blow up the entire damned thing . ''
just walked up to the thing with an ice - cream scoop and asked , ` ` can i take a biopsy of your brain ? ''
shoved the thing into a space under his desk .
a minute later : a sound coming from the damn thing .
the skery is a new thing , and useful to us .
some day , the whole thing is going to rot .
agent # 1 : is that thing turned on ?
agent # 2 : get ... that thing away from me .
only thing that works .
the kind of thing that at close range would take your heart out , throw you across the room .
the thing had attached itself to the door .
a beam of light flashed out from the thing .
hating the weight in his pocket of the thing the photographer had given him .
a kind of seismic shift from the thing in the corner .
` ` it 's not the kind of thing you want to leave lying around . ''
i used to wear the same thing , although , oddly enough , it scandalized mom when i did it .
{ it stunned me to see such a thing aboveground .
a few seconds later , some thing appeared in the gutter near the sidewalk .
dragging the ridiculously enormous thing behind me , i silently slipped inside their bedroom .
he 'd had the thing for so long that i do n't think he even realized that it was in his hand .
the whole thing exploded !
i chose to use a human shape , and about all i did to modify the thing was to add horns .
i had n't realized how big the thing was going to be .
- and then the silly thing was gone .
the orb 's the most powerful thing in the world .
' that orb 's a handy thing to have along , is n't it ? '
' oh , this old thing ? '
that thing you ' ve got in your hands is pure gibberish .
he was n't exactly a disciple , but he was the next thing to it , i suppose .
certain things are going to have to be in place before brand can issue his challenge , and if torak does anything to disrupt any of that , we 'll have an entirely different event - one that 's probably not even mentioned in the mrin or the ashabine oracles .
the mimbrate knights had weakened the bridge timbers to the point that a good healthy sneeze would have made the whole thing collapse , and somewhere up in the mountains to the northeast , garion 's friend sneezed .
i expect he 'll try to pay us a call first thing in the morning .
' i ' m working on it , ' i told him , but try as i might , i could n't come up with a thing .
i ' ve got a copy of the silly thing , if you want to borrow it , but i would n't waste my time , if i were you .
he bent over a table in that tavern , and i saw the outline of the thing under his silk robe . '
we 'll set out for the capital at sendar first thing in the morning .
' i do n't see why i have to wear this silly thing anyway , father , ' geran complained .
' why do you keep that silly thing closed ? '
the workmen were cutting blocks off the top of the face , and the whole thing just gave way and collapsed .
' it 's not the sort of thing you 'd choose for light entertainment .
' give me that thing , belgarath . '
now we can all snuggle up to the silly thing . '
tell her that i 'll need her first thing in the morning . '
i 'll be after bringin ' in a wagon first thing in th ' mornin ' . '
kathandrion himself pulled off his doublet to lend a hand - or in this case , a shoulder - to the task of moving the huge thing into position .
do n't let us down ' ' if i could just figure out why this cursed thing flew all apart the way it did ! '
the whole thing would have had to be leveled and rebuilt to make it at all acceptable .
finding that hiding place was n't very hard for me , since i ' ve got certain advantages when it comes to finding things .
the whole thing was no more than a decoration stacked atop a very large wagon .
the real thing will come along in the next day or so .
' i did n't break a single thing . '
' that thing belongs to cyrgon ? '
this thing itches . '
they had more of the ham and beans for breakfast and began to get things ready to pack .
the thing absorbed blows which would have dismembered a human .
we march first thing in the morning . '
they want the bhelliom , and the queen 's the only thing they ' ve got to trade for it .
tell aphrael that we 'll start out first thing in the morning .
we 'll start out first thing in the morning .
we 'll all want to get a good night 's sleep - since we 'll probably be leaving first thing in the morning . '
' i did n't see you pick up a thing . '
give me a couple of months and some good catapults , and i could pound the whole thing to pieces . '
' do you know how much noise that thing 's going to make when it hits the ground ? '
he barked to the bhelliom , bringing up his other hand so that both rings touched the deep blue petals , ' destroy that thing ! '
things like that are produced , of course , but nobody really reads that sort of thing .
things like that are produced , of course , but nobody really reads that sort of thing .
' we needed room to rearrange things , so we spread all the government files out on the lawn . '
' you are not going to wear that stinking thing into my bedroom , sparhawk .
' up until very recently , we all believed that bhelliom was just a thing - powerful , but just an object .
we left it sort of vague - ` ` general meeting of the imperial council '' , that sort of thing .
they are lashing the trees together to build things that will float . '
' i simply do n't have a thing to wear , sarathi . '
she was wearing a dressing - gown of a pale rose that made her look particularly appealing , and she had done things with her hair .
how long would it take you to put this thing out of action ? '
whatever this thing is , it 's unusual , and unusual usually means dangerous .
' i ' m sure it would , ' he said , ' but that thing is awfully large .
' what did you call the thing ? '
' you 'll do until the real thing comes along , ' she said , fastening the collar around her neck .
' but i have n't got a single solitary thing to wear , do n't y ' know , ' he said rogueishly , lapsing back into feldegast 's brogue .
just how big is that thing ? '
' an ' would th ' two of ye , consumed with greed though ye may be , consider this triflin ' thing a suitable price fer this beguilin ' wench yer both so set on sellin ' ? '
` ` i 'll have a more detailed report on your desk first thing in the morning . ''
` ` applied alchemy , astrology , necromancy , fundamentals of witchcraft , that sort of thing .
anyway , as i said , the emperor did n't really want the thing , so when he got back to melcena , he donated it to the university .
a gown is a cumbersome thing that tangles up one 's legs and confines one 's bosom .
` ` between them , they 're going to wear that little thing out , '' silk noted clinically .
since this sardion is the thing that 's got everyone so agitated , i 'd guess that my best course would be to find it and destroy it . ''
` ` i ' m almost sure i could find someone willing to eat that sort of thing . ''
` ` what 's that thing you ' ve got on your hand ? ''
that sort of thing would have made a lot of noise , and we 'd have heard it . ''
silk 's saddle horse looked a bit uncomfortable between the shafts of the carriage , and the sense of being followed by the wheeled thing definitely made him nervous .
` ` they 'll be out again first thing in the morning , most likely .
` ` it 's the only thing i ' ve had for almost thirty years now . ''
late during the dog watch , he pulled on his tarred canvas sea coat , the only thing of any value that he owned , picked up his sea bag and went on silent feet up on deck .
' t is a useful sort of thing , '' he said , pointing downward toward the hidden passage , ` ` but a secret 's no good at all if just anybody kin stumble over it . ''
` ` i was senior administrator there for the bureau of public works -you know , walls , aqueducts , streets , that sort of thing .
` ` i wonder how big a hole it would take to sink this thing , '' he mused .
she made some effort to fold the thing , then gave up , rolled it in a ball , and pushed it far back under the bunk with her foot .
` ` this thing is brass , '' he said . ` `
garion swung the ungainly thing around and pushed it out toward the waiting little drasnian .
i did n't think it would be wise to have the customs people find that kind of thing in my packs , so i buried them under a tree . ''
` ` of course , i really do n't have a thing to wear . ''
` ` you want this thing ? ''
` ` do you really call that thing a ship ? ''
` ` pretty little thing , but she seems to expect deferential treatment ; and when your whole crew is busy bailing seawater out of your bilges , you do n't have much time for that . ''
` ` you have no idea how hot that thing gets , '' he said , tossing the robe in a heap on a chair in the corner .
` ` i ' ve been trying to get someone to identify the stitching on the hem of this thing , '' he said in a disgusted tone , waving the bloodstained shift .
` ` i ran around with this thing all day long -up and down all those stairs and in and out of every tailor shop in riva -and all i had to do to find out what i wanted to know was show it to you . ''
these vermin do n't have a thing on them . ''
` ` i want that thing down , '' he said from between clenched teeth .
he felt as if he were trying to push the thing through solid rock , and his mind reeled , shrieking to him that what he was trying to do was impossible .
' look at that thing ! '
' if you do , do n't look at that thing for more than a few seconds . '
' i could kick that thing down all by myself .
' hardly the sort of thing you 'd want to use against an armoured man , ' she observed .
it 's not the sort of thing you leave lying around .
he 's got the one thing in his possession that will absolutely stop otha cold .
gold , jewels , that sort of thing . '
i 'll see you first thing in the morning .
' why do n't you just dissolve that thing with bhelliom , sparhawk ? '
you 'll have to use the real thing . '
' sleep now , blue - rose , ' he said gently , holding the priceless thing in both hands .
' you 'll be leaving chyrellos first thing in the morning .
it 's the only thing in the world with enough power . ''
` ` it gave me a very uneasy feeling , and i think it was the same thing i caught a glimpse of last night . ''
formal armour might be just the thing to avoid misunderstandings .
astonishingly , their heavy axes and kurik 's mace bounced off the thing in great showers of glowing sparks .
` ` how did you manage to get your spear into that thing , sparhawk ? ''
` ` there 's one thing that might work , '' she mused doubtfully .
` ` we 'll all get a good nights sleep and start out first thing in the morning . ''
we 'll leave first thing tomorrow morning . ''
` ` oh , that thing .
` ` i would n't want to make a sea voyage on that thing , '' he said , ` ` but it 's good enough for our purposes here .
no noise , no mess , and with a little time it could be made to look exotic - the kind of thing one might expect from a styric or perhaps a pelosian .
a fierce black beard was glued to his face , and a purple scar ran across his broken nose and up under a black patch that covered his left eye ' this thing itches , ' he complained , reaching up to scratch at the false beard .
she rose , went to the door , and sent one of the young knights outside for the things she would need .
' can you imagine using this thing on somebody ? '
' first thing in the morning , ' sparhawk replied .
this is n't going to be the safest thing in the world , ' he told the boy .
if you 're right about this thing , it 's been working for martel , and martel works for annias . '
' i could n't really say i did n't tell them to look for that sort of thing .
the physicians of antiquity used that sort of thing to cure their patients . '
' i do n't think this will help very much , ' he added , ' but arasham has a talisman that he claims is the most holy and powerful thing in all the world .
' as it turns out , he did in fact cure some people who 'd been poisoned with the same thing annias gave the queen . '
they allow us to borrow if we ask them in the proper fashion - but they wo n't let us make the kind of thing we 're looking for in this case .
he did n't bother to tell me that the thing itches all the time . ''
narasan had told him that the silly thing was about a mile square - which might be easy to say - but sorgan realized that saying and seeing were altogether different .
` ` fat takal bersla was probably responsible for the overdone size of the silly thing , '' veltan added .
` ` that thing does n't look at all like longbow 's canoe , '' sorgan observed .
one quick lean toward one side or the other rolls that thing in the blink of an eye .
` ` if you do n't have access to mortar , you keep things in place with weight , '' gunda was explaining to keselo the following day .
` ` it 's going to take us quite a while to tear that thing down . ''
they must have spent weeks building this thing , but it wo n't be here tomorrow morning . ''
` ` i ' m fairly sure that this pretty little thing will get everybody 's immediate attention . ''
the wasteland in the center of the land of dhrall is a desert - all sand and rocks - and this mysterious lady somehow made the whole thing look exactly like gold .
` ` oh , the poor thing , '' red - beard said in mock sorrow .
` ` only if you want to accuse me of using magic , '' the little smith called rabbit said , ` ` since i ' m the one who made the silly thing .
when keselo and rabbit designed this gate , they wanted to keep the weight down to make it easier for the gate - crew to raise the thing , so they used iron bars instead of thick iron plates .
if we built the whole fort out of these foundation blocks , the silly thing would probably still be here a thousand years from now . ''
` ` the silly thing 's on fire ! ''
it was n't the sort of thing we wanted to gamble with .
' i wish this thing had a longer handle , ' he muttered .
evidently it had never occurred to them that the source of most inventions was ' i need something that will do that , ' not ' i wonder what i 'll be able to do with this thing if i make it . '
i do n't think he 'd ever so much as had his hands on a spear before , but the cursed thing took my brother right in the throat , and he died almost immediately .
veltan 's map is just a bit on the teenie - weenie side , so i 'll feel a bit more confident after skell 's looked at the real thing . '
' we 'll start upriver first thing in the morning , then .
this thing 's nothing more than a modified spider . '
this ` ` imitation gold '' might just turn out to be worth more than the real thing .
padan conceded that it was a pretty thing , but the continual spray arcing out from the top of the geyser was very much like an endless spring shower .
lowering the south end of the silly thing down to the upper edge of their ramp would be quite a bit easier than trying to lift the upper end here to the brink of the gorge .
' what 's that pretty thing just above her ? '
' we call this a ` ` bow '' , cap'n , ' rabbit explained , ' and the thing that 's sticking out of that fellow 's head over on the other side of the trench is called an ` ` arrow '' .
that thing up there 's making him just a bit edgy .
` ` what am i supposed to do with this thing ? ''
` ` what is that pretty thing , child ? ''
` ` i tried that once , but the silly thing flew apart as soon as i started to make it spin . ''
quite obviously , an unimaginable amount of labor had gone into its construction , but veltan could not quite grasp the ` ` why '' of the entire thing .
did you actually sail all the way from dhrall in that rickety thing ? ''
` ` in this thing ? ''
this whole thing 's nothing but a death trap . ''
` ` come away from that thing , garion , '' silk told him with a note of revulsion in his voice .
` ` the magician tries to control the demon with spells - formulas , incantations , symbols , mystic diagrams - that sort of thing .
` ` arrows , spare lances for the knights , that sort of thing .
if we build a fire and fill the whole thing with smoke , nobody 's going to come down until the fire goes out . ''
` ` i 'll never wear that old thing again . ''
` ` -but we ca n't do a thing until the arends and the tolnedrans are fully mobilized . ''
` ` that thing brill used might be an interesting toy , but it 's no match for armor and a good sword . ''
` ` garion , take this thing off me . ''
it will not permit you to come along behind it uncreating all the things it went to so much trouble to create in the first place .
` ` this - thing of ours - how much can you actually do with it ? ''
` ` does wearing that thing really make you feel better ? ''
` ` i ' m not going to wear that thing , '' he declared flatly .
the substance of the thing was surprisingly tough .
i think i should know what this thing is . ''
it has to do , i think , with that metal thing around its neck . ''
that little dagger of his is a pretty thing , but not really much of a match for a sword . ''
` ` maybe he wants to keep the thing for himself .
` ` what a pretty thing you are , '' aunt pol said .
if they 'll leave me alone , i should be able to catch up with him before he can do any mischief with the thing he 's managed to steal . ''
` ` we sit around and watch islena do tricks - disappearing coins , things up her sleeves , that kind of thing , '' she said .
` ` the thing has to be recovered , '' barak insisted .
` ` did n't you say that he might want the thing for himself ?
i ' ve studied the power of this thing , and if even half of what i ' ve read is true , he can use it to rip down rak cthol as easily as you 'd kick apart an anthill .
if we can apprehend my father 's old pupil and return the thing he pilfered to riva , the crisis will be past .
` ` what are you doing with that filthy thing anyway ? ''
the poor thing could have been no older than seventeen or eighteen , a peer of my very own age .
` ` actually , what i really want is my - that thing back .
blasted cognoggin thing .
` ` you likely heard me cursing at the blasted thing .
had mr . eckhert really traveled back in time using that thing ?
but that 's why this is really important to me , and why i need this thing charged . ''
the poor thing looked completely bewildered at being caught out that everyone erupted in raucous laughter , including his mistress .
the whole thing jolted , as if someone large had lumbered up and bumped into it in the middle of the night .
as miss stoker manhandled the object into her palm , she must have pushed a button , for the thing lit up , revealing all of its small , colorful images .
which is why i shall be visiting mrs . yingling first thing on the morrow . ''
blasted thing .
` ` what ... what was that thing he dropped back there ? ''
` ` this thing is frigging hot , '' said winky .
` ` we could just light the whole thing on fire , '' said flick .
we can torch this whole thing and burn everything inside if you want , but the problems i see are that there are no windows in this room and there 's going to be a lot of smoke .
paci extended the thing out to me , and my hands came up automatically to accept it .
` ` rob , did you guys bring anything that could be used as a shower thing ? ''
get ready to jump off this thing and punch the driver 's face off . ''
i looked down in horror as the thing began coming loose from the truck , near my feet .
a hissing sound was still coming from the space behind the driver where i 'd loosened that hose thing .
it 's probably the only thing not on there right now . ''
` ` you really did a number on this thing , '' said winky , frowning .
` ` if the damn thing would quit leaking , i 'd feel a little more comfortable about saying that , though . ''
this thing looks nasty .
what are the chances that this huge thing wo n't get infected after having soaked it in the swamp ?
that thing 's gon na get infected .
you 're always waving that thing around , and to be honest , we 're all getting pretty tired of it . ''
` ` those grenades are the only thing we have to set up our defenses with when we get to our new place . ''
you can use any weapon in there you want on this thing .
` ` i really do n't even want to touch this thing . ''
` ` and there 's barbed wire around the entire thing .
i ' m gon na lean on this thing with my body and just ...
now tell me what i ' m supposed to do with this thing . ''
the seventh one worked , and i had to make six full revolutions before the thing actually opened the lock all the way .
i wondered why bodo did n't just play the damn thing instead of honking on it like that .
this thing was like a friggin eagle it was so big .
my brain was short - circuiting as i stared at the gross thing in front of me .
` ` here , '' he said , pointing to the star - shaped thing on the left side of the map .
the thing was flopping around all over the place as she moved closer and closer to bodo .
he 'll probably just shoot himself with the stupid thing . ''
how in the hell had celia climbed this thing with one arm and the other one bleeding ?
i folded the whole thing in half , pushed it to the bottom of the backpack , and then let it unfold itself one time , before putting the other items in on top of it : unbreakable water bottle , half - liter of bleach , square of plastic , cup , hunting knife , and various other tools my father was quite certain i would need ... once all the adults in the world had died off , leaving us kids alone to fend for ourselves .
* * * ` ` holy shit , dude , put that thing away , '' i said , feeling my blood pressure shoot up like a rocket and my heart start to beat triple - time .
` ` would you put that stupid thing down before you shoot me , please ? ''
the next thing i saw was the edge of a bright purple box - type thing at the top of the fence .
* * * ` ` oh , hell no , you are not bringing that thing in here , '' i said , as peter brushed past me to move into the front hall .
he had a stack of papers there , but this is the only thing that had your name on it . ''
this bike was the last thing i was going out to get before i left here for good .
i grabbed the heavier backpack and put it on , grunting with the weight , fearing i was n't going to get very far with this thing on .
buster must have sensed my excitement because he came running back to me all excited , bouncing around while i worked to drag the thing i 'd found to the front of the store .
an hour later we finally had the thing hooked up .
he pulled the blanket the rest of the way off of the black , heavy plastic case and slid the whole thing over to the edge of the tailgate , his eyes scanning the contents left and right , up and down .
` ` yeah , but in the war movies , the lookout tower is the first thing that 's blown up . ''
` ` there are some slivers of glass in this thing .
once it was in front of my chest , i put my hands on the edge to jump in ; but as soon as i pushed down on it , the whole thing tipped sideways .
` ` how the heck am i supposed to get in this friggin thing ? ''
` ` i ca n't get this thing to go straight anymore . ''
do you want to go see the awesomely amazing thing that i saw when i was ... away just a minute ago ? ''
the thing was seriously heavy .
this one was bigger and also tattooed all over his bare arms and chest with a bald head and a topknot ponytail thing .
i could see that it was coming from a large black rubber bladder thing above my head , the entire side of which was in the full sun , getting heated by the rays attracted to its dark color .
` ` this thing has movable walls ? ''
i moved slowly into the area designated for our challenge , watching him move , looking to see where he might have a tell - the thing that would show me his favorite move or his biggest weakness .
then its mouth opened , a monstrous bear trap of a thing with hundreds of blade - sharp teeth , jagged points with serrated edges , perfect for ripping up its prey .
man , the way these things drag on the ground , i 'd hate to do laundry in this place .
he had a split moment to be thankful that thousands of feet had smoothed the thing out over the years , then a soldier was on top of him .
i 'll have my people contact him first thing in - '' the door to the balcony burst open , slamming against the wall and rebounding to knock a man almost clear off his feet .
the whole thing shook above him as if it were laughing .
he was surprised she had n't preprogrammed the thing already , just in case .
dak had mixed feelings as he watched riq go crazy - town with the eternity ring , smashing the thing into tiny bits .
the gag was the first thing to go .
` ` so , what do we do with this thing ? ''
you can aim that thing at my face the whole time .
he could n't think of any possible explanation for what this thing was , but it hit him that he should n't lift his hand off even if he could .
and the thing still works , too .
` ` this thing could fall any second .
` ` if that thing was gon na fall , it would ' ve taken the dive already .
just wipe the whole thing out , every camera in the building . ''
bryson got coffee and pound cake for everyone , and they swapped stories , showed her things on bryson 's old netpad - even pulled out the ancient nettab for a while to share some of the odd stories they 'd researched about possible tangent sightings around the world .
the falcons ' stadium was a massive thing , all glass and shiny metal .
he remembered all too well where he had seen such a thing before : the black and blue club .
it was a beautiful , beautiful thing , and the three of them had worked furiously in the last hour or so , copying the details of what they 'd learned onto their own netscreens so they would n't forget .
a hole of darkness , deep and pure , the blackest thing he 'd ever seen , yawning wider and wider until it was dozens of feet in diameter .
this stupid thing wrapped around his body was some sort of cousin to the killsims ; michael knew it .
the thing she wanted to show them did n't even exist .
she grabbed them and stretched the whole thing out so that it was much bigger .
so he stubbornly waited for the agent to tell them what the thing did .
wedged between two tall buildings , three stories , a few small windows , made of an ugly mixture of steel and cement - the thing was an eyesore , and michael could n't guess what possible historical significance it had .
even if every last killsim in the sleep came at him , he 'd set the thing off before going down .
` ` i guess this stupid old thing will have to do . ''
michael fingered the hard edges of the lance in his shoulder bag , eager to use the thing .
she yanked on the lever and the heavy thing swung open - bryson had done his job well .
the whole thing was ... melting .
set the whole thing up , top to bottom .
` ` it is a small thing , my princess , but all a poor exile could afford , '' he said as he laid a small stack of old books before her .
i promise you , if that wretched thing breaks another axle , i ' m going to burn it , and cersei can walk ! ''
the damned thing never made a sound .
the girl , a scrawny thing in soiled leathers , was dodging and managing to get her stick in the way of most of the boy 's blows , but not all .
` ` i know things , sweet lady .
and arya ... he missed her even more than robb , skinny little thing that she was , all scraped knees and tangled hair and torn clothes , so fierce and willful .
` ` let us not forget them , lord snow , or else what 's that big thing for ? ''
she reached out with her other hand and grabbed the first thing she touched , the belt she 'd hoped to give him , a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions .
and if you ever throw it in my face again , i swear to you , i 'll pin the damned thing on jaime lannister . ''
whatever demonic force moved othor had been driven out by the flames ; the twisted thing they had found in the ashes had been no more than cooked meat and charred bone .
poor thing , a wonder it got through . ''
it was a poor thing indeed , and the meager throng that had gathered to watch filled but half the seats .
` ` take this thing back to my bedchamber . ''
the barn was a ramshackle thing , large enough to hold half the animals in the town .
it was a heavy thing , a dozen maester 's collars threaded around and through each other and ornamented with gemstones .
when he was not ahorse , the only way to wear the thing was to wrap it around him several times , which made him look like a ball of striped fur .
the feast was a meager enough thing , a succession of fish stews , black bread , and spiceless goat .
she knelt before the smith , who fixed things that were broken , and asked that he give her sweet bran his protection .
` ` you keep that soft pink thing . ''
one hand hung over the edge of the mattress , a pale frail fleshless thing , but warm when she touched it .
parts of the bridge were sinking and other parts were afire and the whole thing was creaking and shifting and like to burst asunder at any moment , but that did not seem to stop them .
` ` yet the things i saw ... ` ` ` ` a dead man in the prow of a ship , a blue rose , a banquet of blood ... what does any of it mean , khaleesi ?
` ` now i have a full belly , and a moonlight ride will be just the thing . ''
it 's too heavy besides , she thought , missing needle the way she did every time she took this clumsy thing in her hand .
and afterward , they insisted she dress herself in girl 's things , brown woolen stockings and a light linen shift , and over that a light green gown with acorns embroidered all over the bodice in brown thread , and more acorns bordering the hem .
such a light thing , to bear such weight .
she would have torn the thing away if she had dared .
jarl had looped his rope around a wind - carved pinnace and was using it to support his weight when the whole jagged thing suddenly crumbled and came crashing down , and him with it .
the dragonglass dagger had melted the pale thing in the woods , true ... but grenn was talking like it would do the same to the wights .
` ` she may be the very thing lord edmure needs to help him through his grief . ''
she was a pretty little thing , too .
the way i heard it in lordsport , there was a blow coming in from the west , rain and thunder , and old king balon was crossing one of them bridges when the wind got hold of it and just tore the thing to pieces .
it was a wonder she lasted that long , poor half - starved thing .
behind them , huge against the sky , could be seen the top of the great pyramid , a monstrous thing eight hundred feet tall with a towering bronze harpy at its top .
` ` the harpy is a craven thing , '' daario naharis said when he saw it .
` ` the damned thing 's as tall as i am , '' tyrion muttered in a low voice .
he had to crawl under the table to find the thing .
joffrey opened up the poor thing with a dagger to see if it were true .
it seemed a thin and flimsy thing , yet it was all the shield he had .
use that ugly thing you keep inside your helm .
the water would seep down through the crushed stone , and overnight the whole thing would freeze solid .
ser osmund kettleblack brought clegane his shield , a massive thing of heavy oak rimmed in black iron .
there had been a throne there , a fantastic thing of carved and gilded wood in the shape of a savage harpy .
you knock the damn thing over , i will send you back for more .
look , and some of the fighters have the same thing on their blouses . ''
two of his father 's guardsmen were joking about the imp 's whore , saying how sweet it would be to f**k her , and how bad she must want a real c**k in place of the dwarf 's stunted little thing .
the kettle was in the corner by the hearth , a big black potbellied thing with two huge handles and a heavy lid .
or even ... she pushed two of her snowballs together , added a third , packed more snow in around them , and patted the whole thing into the shape of a cylinder .
she is still a little thing , the captain thought .
her scabbard was a plain thing , wood wrapped in cracked brown leather , and her sword was plainer still .
she was a scrawny thing , no proper meal for a giant , and almost eleven , practically a woman grown .
` ` that old thing ? ''
` ` that 's just the thing a bride wants on her wedding night , '' said jaime .
one of his champions lifted it up for all to see ; a monstrous thing it was , its haft wrapped in old leather , its head a brick of steel as large as a loaf of bread .
a long iron knife rode on her right hip , hidden by her cloak , a patched and faded thing of the sort an orphan might wear .
you ' ve become a ghost of what you were , a pale crippled thing .
` ` if you admire the bloody thing so much , lop off your own sword hand and you can have it , '' he told flement brax .
` ` you keep that bloody thing away from me . ''
part of him wanted to tear the thing off and fling it in the river .
` ` oh , put that fool thing away , '' his wife snapped .
a lovely thing , but the queen 's only interest lay in what might be within .
` ` you are a wicked thing to tempt me so , but what sort of queen would i be if i put my realm in the trembling hands of harys swyft ? ''
the old man plucked at the thing he called a beard , that patched growth of thin white hair sprouting from the loose pink wattles under his chin .
a new young friend will be just the thing to help tommen forget his loss , after margaery 's little head has rolled . ''
there was a blanket on the pallet in the corner , a threadbare thing of thin brown wool .
the garment was a clumsy thing , a long loose shapeless sheet that had to be wound around her hips and under an arm and over a shoulder , its dangling fringes carefully layered and displayed .
he had twelve dragons on him , and this thing too . ''
it was the sort of stew that warmed a man right down to his bones , just the thing for a wet , cold night .
` ` a sword that makes its own heat ... '' ` ` ... would be a fine thing on the wall . ''
the dwarf craned his head around to get a better look , but the thing was gone as suddenly as it had appeared .
the stot they had given him was a wretched thing , knock - kneed and half - starved ; he could never hope to outdistance the fine horses lord ramsay and his hunters would be riding .
` ` an apple , '' she said , and he gave her one , an old dried thing , small and withered .
moat cailin was the only thing holding back the tide .
the wooden watchtower was the tallest thing this side of the mountains , rising twenty feet above the biggest sentinels and soldier pines in the surrounding woods .
the captain 's wine had been the first thing to run out .
by the time the storm abated and the surviving passengers and crew came crawling back on deck , like pale pink worms wriggling to the surface after a rain , the selaesori qhoran was a broken thing , floating low in the water and listing ten degrees to port , her hull sprung in half a hundred places , her hold awash in seawater , her mast a splintered ruin no taller than a dwarf .
bear - paws , they called them , queer elongated things made with bent wood and leather strips .
one was an elegant pentoshi , grey - haired and clad in silk but for his cloak , a ragged thing sewn from dozens of strips of torn , bloodstained cloth .
there must have been a blizzard the day she and stannis we d. huddled beneath her ermine mantle and surrounded by her ladies , serving girls , and knights , the southron queen seemed a frail , pale , shrunken thing .
the damn thing was heavier than it had any right to be , though .
he might well be a broken thing , but theon still wore a dagger .
she still rode the grey garron that mully had given her the day she left the wall , a shaggy , stunted thing blind in one eye .
alfyn 's member was a wee thing , even smaller than yours , but he was never shy with where he stuck it .
then a door he had not seen before swung open , and an old woman emerged , a shriveled thing in a dark red tokar fringed with tiny golden skulls .
` ` a poor thing ... yet those tatters fill my foes with fear , and on the battlefield the sight of my rags blowing in the wind emboldens my men more than any banner .
the poor thing sounds frightened .
she was a small , slow , dingy thing , hardly worth the effort of boarding .
a twisted thing it was , six feet long from end to end , gleaming black and banded with red gold and dark valyrian steel .
her blade flashed out , smooth and quick , one deep slash through the velvet and he never felt a thing .
` ` nasty thing , a crossbow .
he looks every inch a sellsword and not at all like the half - broken thing we took from yezzan ' s cage , tyrion reflected .
chop through a man 's neck with that thing , though , and his head is not like to turn into a melon . ''
fewer than a dozen shields remained , sad grey things with faded paint and long cracks in the wood .
in gold and silk and emeralds cersei had been a queen , the next thing to a goddess ; naked , she was only human , an aging woman with stretch marks on her belly and teats that had begun to sag ... as the shrews in the crowds had been glad to point out to their husbands and lovers .
` ` yeah , i remember that thing .
the whole thing looks exactly like one of the republic 's typical propaganda reels - the jumbotrons start displaying generic videos of patriotic soldiers and civilians , war victories and prosperous streets .
i am a runner - i ' m not supposed to be stuck in this cracked thing .
` ` we want clean , contained explosions , and the soldiers 'll point out the best spots for us to plant these things .
i better get off this thing before i ' m burnt to a crisp .
but there 's one thing on my costume that the other girls do n't wear .
it 's purposely designed to be worn and dirty , i realize , but this thing 's been modified into a secret entrance .
the only things that seem out of place in this picture are the heavy metal shackles that bind my ankles and wrists , chaining me down to my chair .
` ` how do you operate this thing ?
any other way this thing opens , aside from the keypad ? ''
she 'd probably figure out how this thing works in half a second .
the thing is - over time , the laws evolved and twisted .
` ` i can run to the bank first thing in the morning and give you as many notes as i have- '' one of the men interrupts her .
tomorrow morning , then , first thing .
` ` how did you get that thing in your eye ? ''
fire will consume the things we made from wood and plastic and rubber and cloth , then water and wind and time will chew the stone and steel into dust .
we looked at each other and time folded in on itself , the time we had lost in blood and the time we had purchased in blood , the time when i was just the bossy big sister and he was the annoying little brother , the time when i was the thing worth living for and he was the thing worth dying for , and then he crumpled into my arms , the bear smushed between us the way we were trapped between the before - time and the after - time .
i thought of the unblemished thing , the thing that lasts , and i thought the only thing with the power to save us also had the power to slay us .
` ` cut the damn thing out .
the green liquid - gelcap - looking thing lay on the desk , safely - we hoped - sealed inside a clear plastic baggie , the kind your mom used in the long - gone good old days to keep your sandwich and chips fresh for lunch period .
because every second that goes by and that thing does n't go off '' -nodding to the baggie- '' is a second that doubles our risk .
gripping the wriggly thing tight , marie - josephe knelt and swished the fish through the water .
he wrenched it with both hands , like a dog shaking a rat , and flung the whole thing down .
` ` he gave me a token , a pretty thing , a shiny stone , to tie into my hair .
how do i know you 're not working with that thing in the van ? ''
another convenient thing , he thinks .
i ' m the only real thing i ' ve got , he thinks .
one main front door to each and rows of evenly spaced windows , bars and heavy locks on every conceivable thing that might open .
he can see no source for it , no cables along the floor or any kind of separate machinery that 's not a coffin , but the sound is certainly this place , these things , operating however they 're supposed to be operating .
` ` turn the whole thing off ! ''
tomasz is still crossing the square , running but not fast enough , fussing with the thing in his hands - and seth suddenly sees what it is , so unlikely as to be almost literally unbelievable - tomasz is carrying a shotgun .
he did n't doubt that the man could break down the door - adults could do that sort of thing - so maybe if he just did what the man said , maybe he would - ` ` three , '' said the man .
they start gathering things to take to seth 's house , which seems the most likely place to try first .
i only saw it throw the thing through seth and thought ... '' his face crinkles up .
but they 're ignoring me and the air has just stopped right there as ben takes it outta the rucksack and he and cillian look at it and i see that it 's not quite a book , more a journal type thing with a nice leather cover and when ben thumbs thru it , the pages are cream - coloured and filled with handwriting .
it 's heavier than you think a thing made of words could be .
he 's got her wrists in his hands but she 's fighting him , fighting and kicking for all she 's worth , but her face is a thing so scared i can barely get my words out .
but a knife ai n't just a thing , is it ?
it catches the light of both moons and my god it 's a powerful thing .
and there are a buncha trees just like it , a whole line of 'em , in fact , on either side of a great ditch gouged outta the swamp , now filled with water but piled - up dirt and burnt plants all around it show that 's it got ta be a new thing , like someone came thru here and dug it up in one fiery swoop .
we have to go round a big burnt log , still lazily smoking in one or two spots , to get to the thing and when we do it 's much bigger than the biggest fissionbike and even then it looks like it 's only part of an even bigger something than that .
the bridge is still attached at their end and it slaps the facing cliff but it 's burning so fierce it wo n't be no time at all before the whole thing is just ash .
` ` man , what was in that thing ? ''
` ` we need to be getting to the settlement- '' ` ` the settlement is called farbranch , '' hildy says , ` ` and we 'll get ye there first thing in the morning . ''
` ` me and my mother and father were supposed to find the best place for the ships to land and build the first encampment and then we 'd start building the first things that would be needed for settlers just landing .
i look at the knife again , sitting there on the moss like a thing without properties , a thing made of metal as separate from a boy as can be , a thing which casts all blame from itself to the boy who uses it .
i look at the knife again , sitting there on the moss like a thing without properties , a thing made of metal as separate from a boy as can be , a thing which casts all blame from itself to the boy who uses it .
men and women and i think even children , too , if i can see clearly thru the stink of the thing tied round my head , their noise and silence floating up and back like a great , clattery thing all its own .
` ` effing thing . ''
yer easily the most beautiful thing on new world and there 's no contest in new elizabeth , that 's for sure . ''
read the last thing my ma wrote in the last days before- ` ` no , '' i say quickly .
cuz i see viola looking back to me as we run and there 's brightness on her face and she keeps urging me on with tilts of her head and smiles and i think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward , may be the thing that keeps you going , but that it 's dangerous , too , that it 's painful and risky , that it 's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare ?
i hear him fiddling with things on top of it , a thunk of metal scraping against wood .
` ` native plant with a natural neurochemical mixed with a few things we could synthesize and there you go .
` ` my son will collect you first thing in the morning . ''
the caff was bombed at a time when it was closed , like everything else this answer thing bombs , but just cuz it 's sposed to be empty do n't mean it always is .
he grabs a handle on the frame and tips the whole thing forward , plunging the woman face first into a tub of water , holding her there as she thrashes against her bindings .
a horned creacher parts their line in the middle , a spackle standing on its back behind a u - shaped white thing that looks like it 's made of bone , half - again as wide as a man and mounted on a stand on the creacher 's armour .
an exploding , spilling , tumbling , churning flood of fire looking for all the world like the rushing river beside it comes whooshing out of the u - shaped thing , way bigger than looks possible , expanding and growing and eating the world like a nightmare- coming right for mr hammar- who pulls his horse hard to the right- leaping outta the way- but too late- the fire swoops round him- sticking to mr hammar and his horse like a coating- and they 're burning burning burning as they try to ride away from it- riding straight for the river- but mr hammar do n't make it- he falls from the burning saddle of his burning horse- hitting the ground in a jerking pile of flame- then lying still as his horse disappears into the water- screaming and screaming- i turn my eyes back to the army- and see that the men on the front line do n't got horses that 'll carry 'em outta the way- and the fire- thicker than normal fire- thicker and heavier- cuts thru 'em like a rockslide- eating the first ten men it touches- burning 'em up so fast you can barely hear 'em scream- and they 're the lucky ones- cuz the fire spreads out- sticking to the uniforms and the hair- and the skin- and my god the skin of the frontline soldiers off to each side- and they fall- and they burn- and they scream like mr hammar 's horse- and they keep on screaming- their noise rocketing up and out over the noise of everything else- and as the blast of fire finally dissipates and mr morgan is yelling ` ` fall back ! ''
the flames spill out from the top of the horned creacher and cut right thru the middle of the soldiers and men are screaming and burning and screaming and burning and soldiers are turning back and running and the line is breaking and angharrad is bucking and bleeding and squealing and we 're slammed by a wave of men retreating and she bucks again and- and i drop my gun- and the fire expands out and up- and men are running- and smoke is everywhere- and suddenly angharrad spins free and we 're somehow in a place where no man stands , where the army is behind us and the spackle are in front of us and i do n't got my gun and i do n't know where the mayor is- and the spackle on the back of the horned creacher with the fire - making thing has seen us- and he starts coming right towards us- { viola } bradley presses the screen on the remote device .
[ todd ] men burning- everywhere- the screaming- and the terrible smell of cooked meat- i gag in my throat- and the spackle 's riding right towards me- he 's standing on the back of a horned creacher , his feet and lower legs strapped into boot - type things on either side of the saddle , letting him stand there without needing to balance- and he 's got a burning torch in each hand and the u - shaped fire - making thing in front of him- and i see his noise- i see me in his noise- i see me and angharrad alone in the middle of an emptiness- her screaming and twisting with the broken arrow in her flank- me staring back at the spackle- me without a gun- and behind me is the weakest part of our line- and i see the spackle shooting the fire in his noise and taking out me and the men behind me- leaving the spackle an opening to come pouring into the city- their war won before it 's barely even started- i grab angharrad 's reins and try to move her but i can see the pain and fright shooting thru her noise as she keeps calling out boy colt !
[ todd ] men burning- everywhere- the screaming- and the terrible smell of cooked meat- i gag in my throat- and the spackle 's riding right towards me- he 's standing on the back of a horned creacher , his feet and lower legs strapped into boot - type things on either side of the saddle , letting him stand there without needing to balance- and he 's got a burning torch in each hand and the u - shaped fire - making thing in front of him- and i see his noise- i see me in his noise- i see me and angharrad alone in the middle of an emptiness- her screaming and twisting with the broken arrow in her flank- me staring back at the spackle- me without a gun- and behind me is the weakest part of our line- and i see the spackle shooting the fire in his noise and taking out me and the men behind me- leaving the spackle an opening to come pouring into the city- their war won before it 's barely even started- i grab angharrad 's reins and try to move her but i can see the pain and fright shooting thru her noise as she keeps calling out boy colt !
[ todd ] we 're losing- there ai n't no two ways about it- me knocking down the spackle on the horned creacher only made things better for a second- the men keep pushing forward and firing their guns and spackle are falling and dying everywhere- but they keep coming down the hill- and there 's so many more of 'em than there are of us- the only thing that 's saved us so far is that they ai n't been able to get another one of those fire things down to the bottom of the hill yet- but there 're more coming- and when they get here- i am the circle and the circle is me .
` ` fire the goddam thing ! ''
but they 're pretty much the only words i can make out in the whole stupid thing .
the private 's breath is all in gasps and his eyes are wide and his noise is a thing you just ca n't bear looking at , filled with spackle coming at him , filled with soldiers and townsfolk dying , filled most of all with how he ai n't got one of his legs no more and how there ai n't no going back from that , not never ever ever- ` ` calm yourself , '' says the mayor .
[ todd ] we run towards the water tank , the soldiers in front of us parting to make way , even if their backs are turned- and i can hear the mayor working in their heads , telling 'em to move , telling 'em to get outta his way- and as we get there , we can see it- the water tank is teetering- one leg has been nearly blown off , maybe even by one of those spinning fire things shot from close range , cuz sticky , white flames are spreading over the wood of the tank almost like liquid itself- and there are spackle everywhere- rifles are firing in all direkshuns and the spackle are firing their white sticks and men are falling and spackle are falling but that ai n't the worst problem- ` ` the fire ! ''
he gets down and takes off this helmet thing he was wearing , handing it to a spackle next to him .
` ` or i ' m going to turn this thing off . ''
the whole thing 's a list of communicators .
and i know another blast 's coming so i do it the old - fashioned way before he can gather himself- i jump at him , pushing hard with my feet and leaping out- he ai n't expecting it and i hit him about waist - height , knocking us back into the screens- ( where the river 's still shooting down the valley- ) ( where viola ai n't nowhere to be seen- ) and he slams into 'em with a grunt , my weight against him , and i pull back my fist to punch him- and there 's a light tap on my neck- just light as a touch- and there 's something sticking to me and i put my hand to it- a bandage- the thing he was carrying- ` ` sleep tight , '' he grins down at me- and i fall to the floor and the screens full of water are the last things i see- { viola } ` ` acorn ! ''
` ` or i swear to god i 'll beat you to death with this thing ! ''
i do n't see how the damn thing does n't dry up . ''
the thing is , it does n't take much reactant mass , so a little argon ( and a nuclear reactor to power things ) let us accelerate constantly the whole way there .
i may as well yell toward earth for all the good that damned thing will do me .
i searched through the food supplies and found all sorts of things that i can plant .
it took some work and i cracked the damn thing in half , but i got it out .
the only thing that needs to work is the mav .
how the hell am i going to survive a 3,200 km trip in this thing ?
looking around , the only thing i see that can hold an atmosphere is the eva suit itself .
without it , the whole thing collapsed .
` ` it 's the most expensive thing ever built , '' teddy said .
on the trip to pathfinder , i had to actually remove insulation from the rover to vent excess heat from the damn thing .
only an idiot would keep that thing near the hab .
the pop tent is the basis of my ` ` bedroom , '' but not the whole thing .
i made the whole thing inside the hab .
i rolled up the whole thing ( wadded up , really ) and took it out to the rover .
the first time i test the thing overnight will be with me in it .
as soon as i take this thing out of the rover , it 'll start cooling down mighty fast .
the one remaining thing to fix was the tow hook .
i wo n't have to wander around looking for the thing .
all at once i recognized the thing from the tv , one of those horrible guns you saw a lot of when we 'd still been trying to fight .
his tiny frog arms reached up and gripped the antlers , and with a few flicks and twists , the blue plastic thing rose a foot in the air and sailed up the hill of shale and weeds to the highway .
it did n't matter , because i still believed the thing had changed size and color , and that was scary enough .
i was about to learn that , after j.lo 's modifications , the ignition switch was about the only thing that still did what it was supposed to do .
it looked like a balance , with small glass vials on both sides and some kind of computery thing in the middle .
he fiddled with the computer , and the whole thing hummed .
he dug through his toolbox and made me take this thing that looked like a miniature turkey baster .
the boov pointed the business end of the thing at a savings bank across the street .
the thing sort of shuddered and coughed , so i pulled it again .
i have no idea why this thing is on my back !
i only mention this because j.lo really did have such a thing .
` ` okay ... '' i said , steadying the little turkey baster thing , ` ` so ... if i add a smaller bubble here- '' ` ` no .
i turned back to j.lo and shouted , ` ` can you toss me the purple thing ? ''
you know , the purple thing .
i pressed the narrow end of the purple thing against the keyhole and pushed one of the things .
i pressed the narrow end of the purple thing against the keyhole and pushed one of the things .
` ` that thing looks ready to pop , '' i said .
topping the whole thing was a tv aerial .
` ` an ' you do n't find anything unusual about this thing ? ''
heard some explosions last night , drove out there , stole this thing while the aliens were fightin ' each other . ''
` ` and you just picked this thing up yourself ? ''
so far , every alien thing i 'd held was lighter than it looked .
` ` what if a spaceship really did crash into this thing in 1947 ?
` ` there 's no way that thing 's real . ''
he put the whole thing together in a matter of minutes , then took it apart again .
who would build such a thing ?
these are posted on the big tree next to the ... thing ... you know the one .
` ` i did n't tell you to write that , '' i answered , and then i could see the whole thing .
if i 'd had a six - shooter i could have looked just like clint eastwood , but the only thing i was staring down was a teleclone booth .
` ` how does this thing shut off ... how does it- '' j.lo 's head poked out the car window .
there was , thankfully , only one green thing , shaped like a racquetball on a golf tee .
` ` just a thing .
then when i came home with my mate they told me how they wanted to give me experimental treatment that could kill me and make the baby some kind vampire hybrid thing .
i m really glad that its working and i am regenerating my body parts , but for some reason i had nt expected to want to pull the damn thing out myself .
if he had nt smelled the blood the damn thing would nt have survived .
there were things hung up on the wall , like great skeletons of animals that she had never seen before , and great shiny green , cocoon like lamps .
the only other thing she could see in the room was another bigger cabinet that was just a few feet away from the one that yurloft had been grabbing things out of .
the only other thing she could see in the room was another bigger cabinet that was just a few feet away from the one that yurloft had been grabbing things out of .
i already read the thing .
this bishop was mad because the local church was getting rich off of pilgrims donations and he said that a previous bishop had told him that a painter had confessed to having painted the thing .
it took a couple of hours to get the thing going again .
this necklace is only a thing .
the whole thing is made of healthy fibers .
she bought george a new fleece jogging suithe liked to wear that kind of thing .
she simply could nt get the thing to pump .
after scooping the thing up and hopping back ina feat that took probably thirty seconds , but felt like an hourthe light was no longer green .
stacy rolled the thing between her fingers , considering it .
where did you find such a thing ?
she emptied the little waste basket into the larger one downstairs and , tying it off she stuffed the thing into the dumpster .
when i went to peel it off the paper , the darn thing cracked .
they would begin sewing the thing saturday morning .
the giant teddy bear does nt seem like his thing .
in the dark , it might pass for the real thing .
the only place that 's not strictly decorated in mexican motif is her study where she keeps things she 's collected from her traipse around the globe .
` ` you 're the one embarrassing yourself going out with this thing here , '' she retorts , pointing at me .
` ` bram , do n't wreck this thing , okay ? ''
oh you poor thing !
what pups would want to play under such a thing ?
a tiny little thing , your renegade ; i could nt see her lasting long .
acknowledgments allow me to be a little self - indulgent here , because the honest truth is that this thing took way too damned long to edit and actually publish , so as a result there are lots of people to thank for their guidance and/or pity .
i remember a time , when the thing was money .
the thing keeps growing wider and deeper .
under the empty and quiet dance floor of the dance hall is a small area of space containing a few pieces of used , ripped , and stinky furniture from once ago when the city of birmingham held town events long before the nuke war iii , the two yellow faded sofas , three oversized red leather rippled chairs , single oak square table , four lamps , and a dirty beige rug under all the furniture decorates into a compact neatly hidden storage basement with lots of other secret things .
a deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles from the dancer , looking with his eyeballs at the painted art work on his inner forearm what s this thing ?
any thing with a very sharp point and a sturdy handle for hitting , slicing , or tossing at ourenemies .
i like these things and hope they place more entertainment programs on the screensomethin to do back home in the north ridge mountains .
ya see , heated water is generated for the gears inside the engine tank that creates a vacuum of condensation atmospheric steam that forcesor blows like on an ocean sea in this case the vehicle into motion in any direction baycliff sees the fantasizing shiny pointy thing , grabbing the old - fashion look of a fencing saber , swinging it left then right , and dances back and front , while listening to fowler and comments in a nasty timbre .
the techno - stuff makes the thing weigh about 10 pounds grinding your neck muscles as i soldierly stand beside wolf as he obeys my vip instructions cupping both his hands and protecting his sensitive eyesight .
we started talkingat fowler farms some random funny things .
then , i feel the thing fall and drop upon a hard toe boot .
its the huge thing in the middle of the galaxy made of rotating rocks and debris .
i drop my eyeballs and see no lights from the thing , indicating dead .
i know the thing is in , here .
the front porch door burps like a fog horn , reminding me to fix the thing .
when you slump into that zombie state , are you using your tele thing , starra ?
bartholomew blocks that thing , rescuing .
this is the last thing behind my skull .
ya know , the weapon design , and the seat design which includes the console instrumentation is unique in this styled old - timey thing .
he swings his body around and lifts the foot stool from the floor , landing upright upon the accumulated pile of birch furniture that blocks the private door as i mentally thing that is nt going to work against pirates with clubs .
i did nt get you a thing .
no ones going to buy that dilapidated thing .
the only two requirements are a ) the time limit and b ) the thing has to speak one line within its primary function as i stare at bbot which is a short word .
can i see the enemy with that thing ?
you re a little skinny thing .
i yell and think to get rid of the thing on top of your head as my brain cells shout inside my conscious mind .
i ca nt remove the steel and stone object off my pretty head since the big thing is sewed by personal stands of my long hair around the metal .
act iv , scene whatever.fake juliet is plunging the fake dagger into the fake heart for the fake death when i note the real thing .
tina darts down the opposite wall of book stacks in super bookstore , and relies on her accurate fourth sense of human traits , halting at the science fiction book stacks where the odor is stronger , and scans people , places , and things then hears the squawking call of human vocabulary words on her left .
can you show me the map on this thing ?
unbelievableyou set out for the hospital after that sneaky quarterback hit last friday night inside a perfectly safe big old red ambulance with screaming loud bells and louder whistles with flashing blue lights , when the thing smacks.literally into a big old fire engine red fire truck .
we cleanthe tubfirsttogether ( finger points ) then tacklethat thing .
what ya doingwearing that thing ?
jake.whats that ugly thing doingin your bed ?
send that ugly thing back to her daddynow .
bound , tie , and stuff ugly thing inside a closet until sunday .
cover , ugly thing .
sit down , and shut up , ugly thing .
shut it , ugly thing .
gunters girl that pretty thing nameduhpriscella , she and gunters football buddy named cecil tried to stop the kidnapping ... priscillas hurt ?
the thing moved !
this thing is huge , said zoey .
a few weeks ago shawn installed a computer thing for a friend , and last semester i helped tom with a spanish paper .
oh , yeah , that thing !
i 'll just use that purple pencil thing , if that 's okayguess i should get one of my own , huh ? ''
i tensed again when flynn opened the case and took out a syringenot a regular , modern syringe , but an enormous , old - fashioned thing that looked like it came from some mad scientist 's lab .
remembering the defense move from my new form , i countered with a strong knife - hand block to his wrist , and saw the silver thing go flying from his hand to land with a tinkle in the gutter .
i still had no clue what the thing was , but clearly everyone else on our side did .
that thing has no silencer like the ones we own .
do nt fire that thing like that .
how is that thing still on ?
i glance over at the piano in the corner of the room and grin to myself , the amount of stress that thing caused me is laughable , but the enjoyment i got out of it far outweighs and cons i ever had with it .
the thing had been put up to catch any high footballs , and on windy days it would squeal like a banshee .
immediately , robert , gary and olivia shove a large bookcase type thing in the way of the door .
we were hiding in the greenhouse thing , we tried to warn you with our torch , but you did nt see it .
the name was different but the principle was the same ; the knock - off plastic blocks snapped together just like the real thing .
hand me that thing over there .
the only thing they ever found was a piece of his shirt and a smiley face spray - painted on the ground next to it .
what s that thing he wearin ?
kinda looks like the thing that romeo was wearin .
the thing reached from floor to ceiling , disappearing into the rafters high above .
its a livin thing .
that there is the closest thing to lightnin in a bottle you ll ever see .
waitdid that thing move ?
guess if you know how to mix the ingredients , you can make up any kind of dish you wantmake up any kind of thing you want .
how fast can you rig this thing to blow ?
you got ta land this thing , dickie , right now .
she s just an itty bitty thing .
they did nt take a thing !
i just mean that a black bill card holder could buy like , anything they wanted , live their one hundred twenty extra years , and still be buried with the thing .
they worked hard , but they also took moments to play a thing baird never approved of .
baird , give me your owners number and ill call him first thing in the morning , yeah ?
same thing , different shape is all .
blue kept herself busy assisting baird by bending things into place for him to fix that were almost beyond use at their current angle .
she s my special thing , and the worlds treated her like garbage .
how much did this thing cost ?
are you sure you know how to fly this thing ? !
what running thing ?
you paid for this thing ?
something about it made him feel that it would be pointless to resist any organization that could construct such a thing .
everyone looked at each other , then at the thing resting on the stage .
she had gotten into a trap , poor thing .
i m not sure we can get this thing off her hair while she s dancing so enthusiastically .
and what about when that thing comes through ?
i can remove the dang thing if i want it off that bad .
he had a sudden urge to stuff the whole thing in his mouth , but he was able to refrain .
his father was holding onto one end of the construction and was trying to secure a triangular piece of cardboard to the underside by looping a piece of thick , gray tape over a stiff wire that ran under the thing from front to back .
they struggled to get the thing onto its top and finally succeeded with only one or two of the taped joints coming undone .
here hold this while i tape this other thing on .
with a side panel hanging loose the whole thing looked dangerously close to collapsing .
as he looked at it , it seemed to him that the thing was not so much damaged as poorly built to begin with .
turning back to torus he said , torus , we think the tunnel crew is the best place for you , but when you are not engaged in a project with them , you can work building things for mr . nile and other , um , senior rats that may have difficulty building things for themselves .
turning back to torus he said , torus , we think the tunnel crew is the best place for you , but when you are not engaged in a project with them , you can work building things for mr . nile and other , um , senior rats that may have difficulty building things for themselves .
gbyei made a thing for the heat .
if you can find some string ill make you a strap so you can carry that dumb thing on your back instead of having to drag it along getting it stuck all the time , said torus .
after the troubling events of the evening the pickle was the perfect thing to improve his mood .
we just have the build the right kind of thing and then we can meet them in their own space .
so i figured i d just make the same kind of thing .
do you think its okay we took the whole thing ?
why do nt you throw your wrecked thing down there then ?
the flying thing !
a flying thing !
its talking to another human with that thing in its hand , she said .
pull on that thing there to open the wings , and then hop up a little so i can see how they balance when they catch the air .
well all get something to eat , his father continued , and then you can tell me about how you built this wingy thing .
look at this thing !
i have just the thing for it .
does that thing say what type of enchantment it is ?
and , he had just the thing to address venks query .
the one thing that has been found was in the water .
how was the blasted thing supposed to work ?
there are no blasted instructions for this thing or i d be more than happy to stop us !
next to the point was ... who has that metal thing from the lake ?
if you can , break that thing in two .
give us that thing you ve probably been holding onto for a very long time and athos will uphold his end of the agreement .
this thing is warm , breslin whispered back , holding out the gem in an open hand .
master breslin , you put that thing together .
that s why that thing works for you ?
you re looking at the same thing were looking at , venk pointed out .
as much as i do nt want to , breslin stated , leaning down to pick up the hammer , none of you can wield this thing but me .
look at the size of that thing !
this thing had been created for sinister purposes .
we need to tip this thing over !
the top of the thing was rectangular shaped , and had grooves on all four corners .
rahygren scooped the hammer up off the ground and was startled to discover he could barely lift the thing from the ground .
someone want to take this thing ?
you re the one that tipped that thing over on yourself .
see that metal thing next to the tray of cookies ?
you d think there d be a better way to communicate than having to have this thing strapped to your belt , steve complained .
you love having that thing on your hip and you know it , sarah countered .
i ca n't remember what channel it was on or what the name of it was , but the entire thing was just about showing movie trailers .
i had keys made to that thing ages ago .
i half expected to wake up and find that i had pried the thing open in my sleep , but i never did .
a two story white thing with blue shutters and a front porch , i realized that , even though i had sat out in front of this place a thousand times , i had never really looked at it .
merrin , heres the thing .
she was drop dead gorgeous but the poor thing was so stupid she needed help tying her shoes .
we rent a car , a stubby red thing with the steering wheel on the passenger side .
where d you get this stupid thing anyway ?
i would later find out that katies drink , a fruity little daiquiri thing that she left in the riders side cup holder , had spilled all over me .
i used that damn thing for three entire months after i was released from the hospital the first time .
you know i hate this thing , but if it makes you feel better , ill- not the cane .
maybe you would nt need that damn thing so much if you d actually do what the doctor told you to !
it was sort of weird looking ; big and bulky , definitely not the most fashionable thing in the world .
i did nt know much about that sort of stuff , but it was black and looked like the sort of thing you d see bonnie and clyde rolling around in .
still , i would have reached out and touched it if the stupid thing did nt scare me to death .
it was nt until the stupid thing was in the air , on target to strike her right between her mismatched eyes , that i saw it was ava .
it looked just like the real thing .
she s the ugly one , poor little thing .
nikki just gave me a tour of the place , so lets start getting these things set up before it gets dark .
get the hell out of here , cujo , before i use this thing !
she has that thing on her neck !
aw poor thing .
i saw this thing on the flir , beth said .
that thing is less than 200 feet away .
you can have the dang thing .
ill personally invent the thing myself .
yeah , dirty boots ca nt take the place of ruby red slippers , i m afraid , even if i do look like the tin man in this thing , he joked , thumping his metal chest .
victor inclined his head , his eyes shining with pride as though he d forged the thing himself .
the darn thing was gorgeous , almost as gorgeous as the man who had placed it on sarahs finger .
i can drive this thing .
get this thing off me .
this darned thing almost burned my hand off back there !
whatever the immortal thing was , it did nt work on command .
put that thing down .
what s the thing beside it ?
i should ve just hit the stupid thing a week ago !
the video was over , but the bloody thing had automatic playback , she could hear it resetting itself , all the little bits and chips in the laptop were zipping and whirring , doing their jobs .
i could barely lift the thing . ''
kira did nt want to be caught dead in the thing , but knew she had to appease her friend .
unless tristan could fight diana , kira knew she was doomed , so she decided to wear the same thing she had worn when they had shared their first kiss and when he had first decided to open up to her and to let her inside his secret world .
` ` no , '' kira huffed and picked up the closest thing she could find , which happened to be a dress .
i know its no beach , but its the closest thing we have here in austin .
i can barely breathe in this thing .
then again , i d be all sweaty by the time we got here wearing this thing .
i promise ill call first thing monday .
in fact , i felt the urge now to point out to the poor thing that plastic leather died with the 80s .
it wo nt be the only thing that needs replaced before this is over .
i feel the leaves and dirt beneath my hands , and little sharp things .
i pull my nose out from the scarf and snort myself a few times ( this thing stinks , i tell kayla when she looks back at me ) and inhale a big double lungful of icy cold air .
this thing got you good , huh ?
just get that computer unlocked and i will hack the damn thing .
well do it first thing in the morning , dr . forbes said .
there s no way i m letting you see me first thing in the morning .
if she thought that thing looked great in a pair of white baseball pants , it was nothing compared to what she was looking at now .
the girls rose from their places on the grass and began gathering their things .
i found out today that i might be able to get a prosthetic arm , and i do nt mean some captain hook looking thing , darren said .
you want this space age thing that nobody can afford , and you think i do nt know why , but i do .
what if i get the thing and i hate it ?
which i do nt get at all considering how many shopping trips they ve made in that thing .
the thing 's like a constrictor , so i try not to lose my breath so it can tighten further and suffocate me .
the rosary is the one thing i risk taking with me out of the tunnels -- a reminder of my mother .
i replace the receiver and head upstairs to drag a brush through my hair and throw on the nearest thing that 's clean and presentable .
still , it makes no difference to me ; i have no intention of keeping this thing around in patrick 's body .
` ` it 's just this thing almost everyone in my family has .
i ve got to close that thing !
with a final shriek and a shudder , the thing begins to shimmer .
there 's no telling when they could decide to blow the whole thing .
she was looking for anything that might give her an idea how this damned thing worked .
we know you and your friends and yes , we know more people must have been involved , beth , because you could nt have carried and buried that thing in the upper chamber on your own !
they re supposed to ward off evil spirits , or bad luck ; that kind of thing .
empty journals , that kind of thing .
the only thing she had managed to save was the sword .
obviously quite a precocious little thing .
you mean like that holak thing , that burst out of solly ?
any sign that this thing or whatever it is that s stopping magic being used is fading yet ?
what s powering this thing ?
this thing was nt large enough to hold his body alone , if he thought all three of us were going to fit inside it , he must have been crazy .
you are a pretty little thing are nt you ?
what s so special about this thing anyway ?
but the jaw dropping thing that froze kol in place was the fact that the only things covering her privates was leafs .
i m going to destroy that thing so we can keep going .
now lets think , we have the nearly indestructible lion with us , your magic axe / sword thing , and my abilities to create vines , cause drunkenness , dance and insanity .
well what happens now obviously just staring at the thing is nt accomplishing anything other than making my eyes hurt ?
listen guys , i know you want to help but this thing is a ghost , your powers wo nt even hurt it .
and this is a magic ship , if magic can hurt it then when i ram into the thing it should do some major damage .
weakly kol takes the vial downing the whole thing in one swallow .
hey what the hell is that thing ?
curios when we enter this tunnel thing do me a favor and try to control the water there if there is any , hallthor get your hammers ready just in case .
ok , we drink tonight and head out first thing in the morning .
it 's the coolest thing i ' ve ever read , and my friend has been teaching me how to do it .
she 's gone off the deep end , and for a moment , i feel a tiny bit of sympathy for the poor thing that witnessed and participated in some serious evil tonight .
if this thing is even human , she ought to be treated as a terrorist , mr . gray said , eyes ablaze with hatred .
i knew somethin was wrong when your boys come a callin with a picture o that purty young thing in the zodiac case .
a fresh murder is committed in broad daylight and no one saw a thing .
i ve got just the thing .
go awayor ill have you as a play thing .
a man got out of the now dark carriage like thing and went into the house .
the trail was steep and his flashlight was the only thing that penetrated the dark .
the girl had a small , round metallic thing in her hand and the small mog seemed to want it .
it was just like when zoey pulled that leech thing from him .
the damn thing talks !
the damn thing is solid wood and thick , craig said as toby went over to the window .
take your play thing there and go up to merlins quarters , wes said getting up from the opposite table that was filled with many girls .
i do n't have a clue how this thing works .
inside this little , silver box was a bullet looking thing with a metal tip and black base .
i made her promise to call me first thing in the morning .
pandoras lock is the only thing that will save ussave me .
that , that little thing is what is holding as well as pulling everything apart and like i said before , it belongs to you .
he severed that thing in half and alicia , i know she saw him too .
it was the softest thing i had ever felt against my skin .
it was the softest thing she had ever had against her sparkling skin .
grabbing the closest thing to hera cast iron frying panshe held it like a sword , poised as if she needed to be ready to bring down a dragon .
he wiggled the thing in the air .
wow this thing is cool , he said , examining the bike .
he swatted it and the thing fell to the ground with a clunk .
ouch , angus yelled , dropping the thing to the ground .
as the water sluiced off the thing , the hooks began gyrating and quivering .
did you see the size of that thing ?
and if you re thinking i need that shield you re carrying , i would nt have a use for such a thing .
and i think i just found the perfect thing .
we better get out of here before this thing collapses .
she felt foolish , and her embarrassment would be doubled if raven knew she had made the silly thing .
yeah , that s the only thing big city i own .
` ` charley , there 's this thing called google .
he never takes that thing off , and when he does , he has a ring around his head the size of saturn .
i told her to leave that thing in the van , but now we are all glad .
hey , sweet thing .
scrambling , i was climbing a pyramid thing when the lights came on .
i sat up feeling stiff and put the file in the pillowcase and took the thing into the bathroom and set it in the corner .
looking around i grabbed the first thing i saw , a broken discarded plastic kids sand bucket and hit her in the face with it .
i looked at the bus and instantly decided that i was n't about to jump on that thing , so i called up kevin who was more than happy to play hooky and come get me .
` ` and i have the answers to them but for now i have bought you enough time to get your things , do you have a place to stay for the night ? ''
kreh - ursh stretched out to grab him , but his scarlet amulet pouch was the only thing that came away in his hand , that talisman bag with the broken cord .
ill fly over first thing tomorrow , before sunrise , and take it off you in style .
chuck the guess thing kabir , tell us what is the surprise .
even with the technology in my hand , the thing using which i could normally spend days without saying a word , i was feeling agitated .
i need to switch this thing off now .
the only thing available is scrubs , they simply vary in color .
my dad picks a table near the outside and we place our things in the empty chairs .
you know , filing papers and that sort of thing .
i take a quick glance around the room and get really nervous when i see this mean saw looking thing hanging on the wall .
for the next few days all i can think about is finding where that storm drain thing leads .
shining the light inside , he pulls out a lantern looking thing and goes to work setting it up .
we follow the areas that are around the large pool of water finding all kinds of things .
the one time i could use this freaky gift thing and it does n't work ?
that 's alec 's thing , not mine !
` ` aww , poor thing .
` ` if he 's got this same thing on his arm , why did n't he ever show me ? ''
full power on this thing !
lets pray this thing still works .
i wondered if it was keeping the whole thing from collapsing .
the waitress smiled with apparent approval that i had nt eaten the whole thing and i decided i would nt leave her a tip .
it looked like the thing next to the computer , which i had assumed was an eye scanner .
this thing , this device , must identify each person when they got on the scale and report the weight to the government .
he took a bite , then quickly ate the whole thing .
when you had to get gone at a moment 's notice , an escape hatch was the thing .
jack , you know the orange walkie - talkie thing mounted outside the cabin ?
if this thing breaks ... mikes shouts echoed in the air .
there was nothing of use about the poor thing , and out here , it was clear she did not belong , just like the rest of fathers crew .
can i borrow that thing ?
how can you even touch that thing ?
it was the same one he had used to blast our way out of the ship and i wondered how he controlled the metal thing .
she had always been a sensitive , timid thing on datura 3 , unless pushed , but now seemed determined to prove herself .
` ` i would love to attend , but i need to clean up first and ... dear gods , i do n't have a proper thing to wear to a ball of this magnitude ! ''
it had been expertly painted to resemble the real thing and did just that .
that is the only thing we in the prides have that resembles a city .
in fact the whole thing was completely frozen as stormbringer turned the statue 's magicked stone into pure , crystalline ice .
it was always left on , and always turned to some soccer channelthe only thing he would watch since he d given up on the world .
trailing around the school to do housekeeping with a petulant jace and an unyielding mrs . bernadette first thing every morning had got old fast .
quickly , i removed my gold locketthe only thing i had with meand laid it on the floor next to me just before my mother and lucifer busted me .
piece by piece , things started to fall into place .
sure , some people can get pretty love sick moping around , staying in bed , off their food , all that sort of thing but that does nt mean you re suddenly homicidal !
that little thing that was on my hand ?
poor thing , she probably should have seen that one coming .
i would n't wish those memories on anyone , but there 's not a damn thing you or i , either one , can do to prevent you from going down there . ''
the plan called for one of the teams inside to secure the rear exit first thing , but although the wall was more than twelve feet high , it was mostly there to keep out local predators because it could n't stop a full - grown southern shape shifter .
it was a slightly threadbare excuse , but it was the kind of thing that kept people alive when the coun'hij got around to reviewing the results of some fight .
` ` you do realize that thing is going to do nothing but bring you trouble , right ? ''
it was nt the sort of thing one stopped to insist upon when looking for a purple diamond to stop an army of zombie dinosaurs .
laxus , that thing is huge !
whoa , how deep is this thing ?
this stupid thing spells like compost !
after a minute , it cut through its armor , and the whole thing went up in flames .
i love this thing !
it seems like the only one that can actually hurt the damn thing is blackfire .
could nt we instead just find that tunnel of light thing and end the war right now rather than put you guys in danger ?
that is until they smell your foul stench and blow the whole thing .
i ca nt believe they changed you into this thing .
the ceiling had intricate paintings and designs of planets and stars , and if it were nt for the red light blanketing the area , jesse would have assumed he was looking up at the real thing .
what are you even doing on that thing , anyways ?
by the looks of it , the thing must have weighed a ton .
i mean , if the stuff on this thing is so important to you , then hey , i want you to .
i m not getting in that thing .
well , why would anyone even think to rummage through this thing ?
you know , besides being a bit dirty and rusty , this thing is nt in that bad condition .
now all we ve got ta do is wait for the sun to charge this thing , and you re ready to go !
now help me get this thing into the sunlight .
i did nt know what the thing was .
should nt i have been paying attention to the giant sword thing he had in his hand ?
i ca nt adjust this stupid thing !
he swung the sword thing around .
like if there was a car wreck we passed by , he would study every single thing and tell me what he thought had happened sparing no detail .
the only thing in it was a pink flowered bikini that did nt even add to the weight of the bag .
without breaking gaze with me , he grabbed a strawberry and plopped the whole thing in his mouth .
imagine how my beat up shoe looks parked next to this thing on the driveway .
i paced back and forth in front of the thing , waiting for it to speak .
a split second of not looking at the thing was better than nothing .
i threw the thing down and watched it roll around , trying to use its own body to scuffle the fire .
the thing stopped sizzling while we walked under the shade , but it still kept the blanket on .
the whole thing then dissolved back into the wall , turning the section green for a moment before it went clear again .
what is that stupid thing doing here !
if i must be surrounded by bloody idiots then at least wait till i m out of the way to grab at the first glittery thing you lay eyes on !
um , she said , and then shouted down to the captain , hey , how do you work this thing ?
that thing must have been seven feet .
he filled the thing up with dirt and glued seat cushions to it .
nobody could see out of that filthy thing , jerk - off !
its not going to be so easy scaling that thing .
man , i m just happy that s the only thing that got caught .
we have to get that thing back .
were going to get that thing back tonight .
handy italians from the old country , like him , made all kinds of things to adorn their homes , and many of their creations are on display in the neighborhood .
richie , i dare you to come up with a logical reason why an old lady would have such a thing in her living room !
i thought you patched that thing up a couple of days ago .
there s nobody in the thing , i said as the two of us fixed our eyes on a blue and white police squad car .
what if johnny b or i had gotten socked in the head with that thing ?
his obsession with haphazardly plugging up the thing , and fortifying it to fend off evil armies of local kids , is the reason for the nickname .
the stench coming out of that thing is heave - ho city .
the smell coming off that thing is bloodcurdling .
she showed up at my door last week and starts waving that bloody thing around like she was marshall dillon .
four people will be squashed in that thing like sardines .
johnny b , were going hiking , so its really best that you do nt lug that thing around , mike said .
yeah , johnny b , you have enough food in that thing to last the week , i said .
i told them we d be down to the station first thing in the morning .
okay , dad , well go down to the station first thing in the morning .
you could hurt somebody around here with that thing .
grab your things and get to the training area immediately .
college , future , the mall , that sort of thing ?
i m the furthest thing from an angel , really .
blood trickled down onto my new leather jacket as i ran , reminding me that my ankle was nt the only thing that was hurt .
it would be a shame to kill a sexy thing like yourself .
rummaging down his sock he found it , the knife he procured during lunch by sneaking into the kitchen , a small thing but good enough for the job .
she s got the same thing my mother had .
they told of things that kioshi had nt seen before the cinema , camera shop , clothes stores filled with dazzling and spectacular clothing , coffee shops , book shops , restaurants selling exotic and wonderful food , sweet stores , stores selling quirky contraptions stores that would fill people with pleasure and wonder .
he was a scrawny thing with greasy , black hair and clothes hanging off his body several sizes too big .
she s the one controlling that thing !
i did nt even know what the damn thing was .
laughing , she said , you re lucky i like you , but throw one more thing over here and i swear i m a put my foot so far up your ass , well need surgery to remove it .
( though the poor girl insisted , of course , that hers was the more french sounding mari ) was the maid miss debussy had chosen to be lils chaperone , the very same demurely subservient , pretty little thing who had relieved poor jacques of his humiliating fish symbol .
could nt she have spared one of the uglier maids , rather than this excitable little thing , with her faltering , french - accented english , her sparkling amber eyes , her bob of dark hair that jauntily swung from side to side as she glanced about her , following harrys directions ?
drowsily , she picked it clear of her face , curiously held it closer to a half opened eye so that she could see what this strange thing was that had fallen onto her face .
he opened his palm and looked down at the thing he held in his hand .
the entire thing was surrounded by two - dozen mounted soldiers .
sebastian had the thing i was trying to get in his hands .
the thing , whatever it was , beat rapidly , and blood dripped from his fingers .
taking the bloody thing in sebastians hand , i brought it to my lips .
gabe might as well shove that pointy thing in your heart , my inner voice quipped snootily .
such a pretty thing .
she stuck the thing in her hand in front of my face .
sure , i d lost the dang thing after only a month .
well save it for next year , even though you know i hate wearing the same thing twice .
wiping it on my fur , i studied the thing titan said held a trolls strength , holding it between my thumb and first finger .
i was nt one of those chicks that decided to play at it because it was now the cool thing .
my grandmother had a cuisinart food processer she 'd had for thirty years and that thing was still going strong .
and i think that thing was in my room too .
why are you stabbing your little compooter thing with your finger ?
what in tarnation do i do with this thing ?
if this thing decides to close suddenly , i m dead .
i forget to place the thing back in the ship that i was repairing .
something flies into the room while targeting me , a metal thing .
the thing is nine feet tall in height .
she sure did nt think shed go to hell if anyone caught her walking around with nothing on but the sort of thing mom ai nt even calling clothes .
that sorta thing .
but marina , like mom , tries to make out that she s banged her eye on a door , a cupboard , that sorta thing .
those wonderful folks at klein 's sporting goods in chicago sell these things like they re selling bean sprouts .
kindly touching up marilyns hair before she went out singing happy birthday to the president , that kinda thing .
brad turns up , says turn that dammed thing off kid .
i ' ve spent ten years trying to find whatever that thing is , trying to hear that song again . ''
i seriously doubt that a babe with a pointy thing is going to hurt me .
he had only just started learning about fighting from toshi sensei , so he was nt exactly well trained at this , but it did nt exactly take master maneuvers to swing this thing around and take out these monsters one after another .
jamison reached for the closest thing he could , a mere rake by the door and ran outside .
he was an easy little thing to trick .
she had the trident , and now the only thing that could kill her .
this is the thing that protects your eyes , he said .
and she remembered she remembered the bullying , and the hitting , and the cruel words ; she remembered her first friend , the kind art teacher , the things she had learned ; she remembered the doctors , not knowing what to do with her flawed dna ; she remembered the sweets , the soup , and the warm bath she got whenever she was sick ; she remembered her face ; she remembered her home ; she remembered the pain ; she remembered the love ; she remembered her mother and father ; she remembered the grayd she had shot face to face , the grayd that lay dead in the field because of her alien abilities , the dead special ops team sent with the sunglasses to ruin her sides chances at winning ; and she remembered patton as she headed for the med center , she noticed that they had already unloaded the wounded , though the dead still lay on the wagon .
she s a slip of a thing , she could nt hurt us , i say with a laugh .
the entire thing vanished into a cloud of ashes .
poor thing , same age as the others .
whatever the freakin thing was , it was mammoth .
do you know what that thing was ?
the hand drawn picture was of the ugliest , crudest looking thing i d ever seensome kind of ancient scary mythical creature .
thankful now it d been too dark to see the thing properly .
at the beginning of the trip i looked at every little thing i saw taking in all the new sights , but now i could only focus on the horizon , hoping that something worth eating would appear .
those fins help it move and that thing on its back somehow gives it air to breath so it can stay down longer .
mandin felt real tired and could tell even if he were fresh he would nt be able to catch this flashing thing .
i d have to call first thing in the morning to make sure the cat was ok .
see i knew i should nt have come on this stupid thing she starts to get up , flustered , but its a good thing zombies move so slow because i can reach out and touch her sleeve before she s even in the half - crouch position .
it does nt matter to me , though ; i get the same thing every year anyway : cheap plastic hockey mask , a tube of fake blood , gray zombie hand gloves and a bright red wig .
there are a stack of white folding chairs next to a little white archway thing .
he opens the door and there is a big red machine just outside , like a lawnmower only instead of a square thing with blades in front there is a circular thing with a powder puff on the bottom .
he opens the door and there is a big red machine just outside , like a lawnmower only instead of a square thing with blades in front there is a circular thing with a powder puff on the bottom .
text # 8 : is this thing even on ? ! ?
alien janitors versus zombie custodians on mars or some stupid thing ?
its hot and itchy and gross and i never want to see the thing again .
its warm and flat but its possibly the last thing ill ever drink .
it is the last thing ill ever drink , so i drink it .
although he intended to make a thing of beauty , the intelligence of the spheres started a chain reaction which would bring the war , the great city , and even magic to an end .
ill be back first thing in the morning .
even though they were both technically adults , it would ve been awkward explaining why he was at her place first thing in the morning to bernard .
she had to see molly first thing in the morning and maybe even go to the hospital .
she thinks you re the next best thing since armani .
is this the same thing you saw the other night , or is this new ?
why do i always forget to set that dumb thing ?
this thing must weigh a ton .
what time does that thing say ?
he and jimmy strode in conversation back to their car for a short break before they would have to start tearing the whole thing down .
she was hot , no doubt , but a drunken schoolgirl trying too hard was not my thing .
eeeeewww , i am not touching that thing .
what do you want me to dotake that towel thing off for you ?
so my wedding dress was the only thing i would have left .
i turned the ring and just my luck , the damned thing was stuck on my finger .
she had it up in some kind of bun thing so both colors could be seen .
by the window was a double bed , a futon couch thing on the other side of the room and a flat screen on the wall .
it also had a life of its own , constantly creeping into my eyes when it was down , catching on things , and when the wind blew through it , the whole thing was one giant birds nest .
it also had a life of its own , constantly creeping into my eyes when it was down , catching on things , and when the wind blew through it , the whole thing was one giant birds nest .
man i was glad i did nt have to fiddle with the thing again till next year .
it was night time ; the darn thing should be sleeping , not flying into homes uninvited .
if i took the wrong thing , everything would collapse .
careful with that thing .
no way were going to blow this thing .
private school just outside of drupes , faye said and below the desk , i saw her frantically typing into her fancy - little computer gizmo thing .
no one who loved architectureor even had an ounce of respect for itcould have designed such a thing .
i whacked my palm down on the alarm , pressing all the buttons at once to turn the frigging thing off .
we ve only got like eighteen hours to figure this out and find the thing .
daphne had nt planned on going to breakfastthere were still plenty of fruit and things in her roombut now she quickly showered and dressed , wondering what this was all about .
what s in this thing ?
the oak table sat eight , and with me the sole occupant at one end , the thing extended like the runway of a fashion show .
maybe borrow a thing or two , just for today .
a short cable connected a pen - like thing to a little box in his hand .
on the surface , i built a wall of protection with the only thing i knew always worked a hundred percent .
though the design and style of the dress were simple , i d barely seen a more beautiful thing in my life .
with the first glimpse of her blood - smeared muzzle and the thing hanging from it , i shrieked like hell itself had opened to swallow me .
i examined that thing .
she reached and fingered a small seed , holding it up to her face , peering at the small thing .
by the look of things , she did nt think the seeds would last for the area she still had leftwould aaron be able to refill it ?
it scared her how delicate this flower was turning out to be ; she was afraid another movement would shatter the thing more thoroughly than smashing hardened clay against a rock .
satisfied , she dumped the entire thing into the jug besides her .
now , the only thing she had to fight with was her tongue .
well , i m up for anything and everything with you , navadar , as long as you give me your word well leave first thing the day after tomorrow .
she saw the tent he had been describing , a small , discrete thing that was selling ribbon .
it was the only thing that he knew of that tasted like copper that was nt , well , copper .
i do nt want everybody staring at that thing all night long .
it is a beautiful thing , by the way .
and if you have some mysterious tablet that could get you in trouble , you should keep that thing hidden .
she followed him to the kitchen , and began pulling down the bowls and the whisks and taking out the cutting boards and things to make eggs and tortillas and orange juice .
she could not possibly be that small , sad , crumpled thing on the metal table .
she looked at me for a second , and then made a sofa appear , a ridiculous overstuffed thing edged in purple fringe .
we d started my training with paintballs and empty guns until i was ready to handle the real thing .
do you even know how to use that thing ?
you ca nt show me the damn thing and then just take it away .
it must also have a damn complicated latch , because it always seemed to take d forever to open the thing .
so , you can put that thing away now .
if i d thought things were awkward before , how awkward were they going to be when she fired that thing and found out a gun would nt kill me ?
abigail , put that thing away before you hurt yourself , i said calmly , brushing the gun aside .
this thing is physically big enough , but it ca nt keep both of us afloat .
heres the thing , sara .
this thing runs incredibly hot .
anyone who wanted to try and build the same thing would waste years trying to understand how the arm movements allowed them to control each other .
soon , i m in my normal clothes coating myself in victorias secret cherry blossom body spray that matches my lotion , then i m sitting in ap chemistry boiling things over a bunsen burner .
scenic landscape on the wall across from me , neat and organized desk in the corner of the room covered with family photographs , paperwork , and business cards , an apple laptop with a black screen sitting open on the desk , a box of tissues on the table that separates me from dr . jett ; i stare at these things every session every month .
he loves the thing and uses it religiously rather than conforming and buying an ihome like the rest of civilization .
it is the exact thing i can picture jamie wearing .
i have an asswhere did that thing come from ?
parked in the driveway is a new bmw , shiny and black , the nicest thing i have ever seen parked in this driveway .
hell , we used to play around on the thing annoying the crap out of my aunt when we were kids .
the seconds were off by a beat , the cellos we just wrongbecause he ca nt think of a valid reason to complain about the cellistsdont get me started on missy and that thing she claims is a double bass .
jamie is right ; i look great in the thing .
i m returning that thing .
really , the only thing i showed him was the underside of my black converse low tops .
her hand , i assume that beige - ish stick thing is her arm , is holding back her long locks .
and , boy , did he have a lot of friends on that thing .
i remembered this thing from the nights you , jamie , and me would camp out in your living room because no one trusted us to actually pitch a tent in the backyard .
i nod , finally , watching him yank the thick rubber thing from the box .
i forgot how slow the thing is .
i assume you could nt sleep either , being on that thing .
the thing has weight to it , my goodness .
she asks , crossing her arms across her chest , the same thing she does when someone crosses her .
we ve had that thing replaced thirteen times since we ve moved in here .
are there really one thousand , one hundred , and twenty - six letters waiting for me in that thing ?
i climb the counter , something my aunt scolds me for half - heartedly , and grab the elbow macaroni noodles from a cupboard she would need stilts to place things in .
i sometimes feel bad about it but the though quickly passes when i remember sleeping on that lumpy thing .
how many times have you driven this thing ?
that little thing believed what the cops was sayin and was too scared to see him .
there s got to be an easier way down this thing , i complain .
sing a song , or read a poem , and she has it memorized , first thing .
the worst thing that did happen to madelyn 's mother during the depression was that one year the only thing she got for christmas was a lace - embroidered handkerchief .
she 's such a tiny , heavy , old thing , madelyn thinks she is n't giving in so much as she 's just worn - out .
here 's a school where you can wear anything you want , anything , and you end up wearing the same lousy thing day after day .
gladys says , ` ` what about that nigger who stuck that thing , that whajamacallit compass thing , in that girl ? ''
gladys says , ` ` what about that nigger who stuck that thing , that whajamacallit compass thing , in that girl ? ''
its a bitch to get blood out of this thing .
i inhaled sharply as i thought about the thing in my head and the dark elation i d felt as i punched scott .
he had worked and saved for two years to buy that old thing , and now it was ruined because of me .
drop that thing before it gives you rabies or something .
horrified recognition filled me as the thing buzzed inside my head like a live wire .
what do you plan to do with that thing ?
the other four were experienced gaming mounts , so not my thing .
the bottom hinge let go and the thing fell partway on the ground .
he gave lori a little drum - like thing he called a bodhran , his wife a wool scarf , and lizzie a silver necklace with a cross .
there were all the things you would expect at a park : picnic tables , camping areas , restrooms , and markers showing places of interest .
because he gave me the same thing for my ninth birthday , she told him .
it sounded like the sort of thing ash might have on dvd .
it was nt the sort of thing itzy would have chosen to listen to , but it matched the atmosphere of the night .
that thing , yeah .
i could not imagine wrestling the thing open .
where you gon na put that thing ?
we were just flat lucky to find that thing , he said , pointing at the marker stone .
it said humbly , i hope you will use this thing wisely .
we had that thing running by the end of the week , kate .
she clutched at kais jacket , since that was the only thing in range , as she stumbled forwards .
in a few minutes , after her hands had remembered the process of it , she had erected the entire thing , there .
in the cities , fixing up a few things at my new place .
~*~ that night , i sat in my mothers floating rocket chair by the fire , which was the only thing giving light at this point .
it did nt jump in bursts like usual , it slowly grew , as if it was infecting the glass until the entire thing shattered .
it was an odd thing , perfectly the size of my hand , a plain logo of a crude apple with a perfect bite taken out of it , and the screen stayed inside it , not popping out like any screens we have now .
umm , what do you call this thing ?
ill give this thing for a percent less than what s its worth !
you never let me touch that thing .
the only thing on the patch of land were two amber torches and a door that slanted down to who knows where .
something about him screamed that he did nt know what he was doing wielding that thing .
i walked in expecting it to be this tiny one or two room kind of thing .
i wandered around the house looking for a picture or some sort of thing i could find that would give me a background to this kid and his family .
he grabbed the handle and yanked the entire thing out of place , scrounging every utensil out .
he tossed the thing over his shoulder and it shattered on the ground , creating a small pool of blood .
i finally was able to look back at him , that ... thing , was turned , staring me down .
what if he did do something and this thing is the key to reversing it ?
the only thing that was back there was the staircase and mrs . white had told her did nt lead anywhere .
and emma was nt any closer to figuring out how to get the stupid thing off of her .
you d better make this thing stick .
i was frozen in fear , looking at this disgusting black thing attached to my bum , with blood pouring down my leg when charlie caught up to have a look .
every time i wanted to get dressed i had to hoick it on to my bed , choose my clothes and then put the thing away again .
the sort of thing the extras wear in the old westerns that they play at midday in non - rating periods to fill up the tv schedules.do people really wear these things for real ? i looked up at the sky.if this is where you ve put me , take me now .
the sort of thing the extras wear in the old westerns that they play at midday in non - rating periods to fill up the tv schedules.do people really wear these things for real ? i looked up at the sky.if this is where you ve put me , take me now .
i was nt going to help build the thing but i could be magnanimous and make an appearance here and there .
they had those half - door things that you see in kids books about farms .
and then we covered the whole thing with more mud .
yeah , but only ever to tell her she s wearing the wrong thing .
i was wearing the wrong dress , i was drinking the wrong thing and i was reacting the wrong way to the most popular boy in the room .
my leg was in plaster , my finger was attached to a pinchy wire thing , a needle was sticking in my arm and there was stuff going beep beep beep around me .
oops , i m sorry , i nearly pulled out this thing , and she tugged at the wire in my arm .
come on , you stupid thing , just open , she begged the locker as she spun the dial one last time .
this time the stupid thing opened .
i bet you the curator stole the damned thing himself .
he 's got those green things in his teeth ...
he snapped on a couple of latex gloves and picked up a purplish brown thing .
please take your things from the collection area .
i gave you a play thing .
what 's the cheapest thing you have ?
there 's a family map thing in there .
there was no wind and gravity would ' ve made that thing open long ago .
just push it in , lock the damn thing , and get the hell out of here .
it had a white thing on the bottom that looked just like the one lucus saw on the scale .
what 's that white thing in the jar and over there ?
can you please use that tracking thing the way you used it for my dad 's phone to find mine ?
get on it first thing tomorrow morning , he instructed lucus .
the fingerprints could ' ve come from the clerk in the store or whoever made the damn thing in china or wherever .
don had made her watch a whole thing about hacking last week .
so when i saw the mud caked on that rubber carpet thing outside the diner i put two and two together .
they promised to come back first thing when they woke up , but i did nt want lukes promise .
it was very sacred to our kind , though few had ever been permitted to read it , and no one had ever read the whole thing .
because you ll be safe there if they re tracking you with that - that thing , luke said .
three hours , frustration from being stuck in one place for so long filled me and struggled not to throw things .
mam had given me a few little chores to do in the house as my arms grew stronger , just polishing things or peeling vegetables before dinner , but i still had more time alone in december than i knew what to do with .
it was a miracle the whole thing did nt capsize .
i tried to resist it but blod pushed my head up and tipped the whole thing into my mouth .
the proud doctor made me look away when he attached the thing to the stump at his knee and when i looked back he d let his long trouser leg come down so that only the dark brown wood of the foot was showing .
i ' m right outside the green phone booth thing .
` ` i do n't know if you have a microphone on that thing , '' i said very quietly .
the surgical thing , coming closer , then jabbing .
a sawblade shoots forward from her head thing and buzzes just inches from my nose .
the first thing he tasted was a large , sickly sweet pastry- looking thing that reminded him of baklava ; by its texture though it could have been made from sand .
chapter seven there was a ... . thing ... . in front of billy , sort of cylindrical in shape , long and thin , with what appeared to be bristles of some sort bound together at one end .
they just wanted the thing in the box .
it was the thing in the box they wanted , that was the deal , and briar had delivered .
sure thing me wee lass , shed said , ca nt get the old bugger to wear the things these days anyway , likes to sleep in the nude , ye see .
she was a petite thing , maybe a little shorter than billy in height , she had long blonde hair brushed behind small rounded ears , and she wore a grey tunic with a white shirt underneath .
but an elevator elevates things , barret said , does nt this thing just transport you from one place to another ?
chapter forty six and you all thought the self serve animal buffet outside was weird , barret called out when he and billy entered the kitchen and interrupted whatever conversation was taking place at that time , you should have seen this thing ... . barry and his three supper guests had eaten by now , but they had left all the fixings on the table for the two boys .
they make like a jelly from the birds spit which holds the nest together , billy informed them , they use the jelly in soups and desserts and things .
when he was done and gone from the room briar climbed in the window and took one ... . because ... . well ... . he d seen the other two guys using the same thing and he figured it looked important .
i do nt miss having to carry that clumsy thing .
and what is that thing hanging around your neck ?
things were falling off shelves and wood was breaking but it did not bother them .
a large dark wood desk sat in front of a wall , with bookshelves that lined the walls full of books and things .
you mean in that light thing ?
what s wrong with that thing ?
oh these are some stupid old things my aunt myrtle got for me , peter replied nonchalantly , they re o.k . , but this is the coolest part , he unzipped the invisible black zipper in the back and pulled out a crisp newly folded hundred dollar bill !
an old crock pot ( theirs had been broken for years ) , a flowered curtain thing she was going to put over the sink , some clothes for the girls , underwear for noah and aaron and a designer dress for herself that had been marked down to fifty cents .
careful you do nt break that thing .
that thing was expensive , not to mention a complete waste of money .
with his gamers superb leaping ability , rabbit jumped up and through the window , hoping he was nt shattering the real thing .
she was ready to chop the stupid thing off , after last nights groping session .
they switched that thing for one of them .
pull this thing over !
she sat on her bed , glancing around at the tidiness of her room , looking to see if there was even one thing out of place .
i m a maam if i m a thing at all , her words were sing song , with a roll that spoke of far away places , but delivered with a bite that was unexpected .
she a sweet thing but much trouble .
he handed ella a pad of paper and a short pencil , if you ll write your address , ms . fine , ill be by your home first thing in the morning to reassure your worried parents .
not a pretty thing all the time .
ella did nt know what a bird house might be , shed never even heard of such a thing , but within a mile it arose out of the shimmering heat before her , easy to identify by both sight and sound .
her heart wrenched at throwing such a lovely thing where it would certainly fall into the gurgling lava below , but there was no time to question the entire mass of creatures were now concentrating on the walkway behind them , and they were dangerously close to success .
you look like quasimodo with that thing growing out of your forehead .
you ve got that whole retro sixties thing going with the hair and the cat suit .
this thing was green and- bam !
they ve got a sucker thing right about here , said bloom , as he pointed to areas of his head , and pincers up here , andyoull see for yourself .
does this thing fly or something ?
when they got to the ship where the fish man was waiting for them , sunny took one look at him and said , look at this thing .
does this thing get 24/7 news ?
they re being shipped out to stay with grandparents in suffolk first thing tomorrow morning .
sam wanted to try out this new ... thing .
with you carrying that thing around , she pointed at his camera , people will be all over us .
such a bright , young thing , she mused .
it was an awful , muffled groan of a thing , like nothing i ' ve ever heard before and i hope i do n't have to hear it again .
that s the kind of thing you youngsters try to peddle these days .
the huge metal silo , the only thing to break the skyline for fifty miles , was destroyed .
on this day , in this place , we have seen things that i would have claimed full of lies .
talan is the only thing that really belongs to me , except for my mothers locket .
the messenger could nt see it , because the shadows had chosen to cover it up , but it was a cowering , misshapen , and disfigured thing covered in hair and who knows what else .
for the first time since he came , the thing was silent and the messenger nervously stood there .
she smiled as she proudly said , this is the first thing i ve gotten with my brand - new crossbow , a little gift from fobata , our generous host .
how could he control that thing , when he hardly knew a thing about magic ?
fato looked at the book and said , dusty old thing .
they re just little things made of forest magic .
he felt out just such a thing : a shiny button all but forgotten at the bottom of his pocket .
he grabbed onea sprig of tiny leaves and a sugar shell from the look of itand tossed the entire thing into his mouth .
ugh , cursed thing !
its exactly the sort of thing that i d send you out with anyway .
swallow the stupid thing !
now the only thing barring me from the intruder is a plastic sheet .
things are starting to be moved out of there places frequently .
clutching my skirts , i made my way through the trees , marveling over each and every tiny thing i found .
not including the fact that i m surprised everyones buying the sixteen - year - old thing .
this ... this thing flew out and hit me on the head .
the devil may care thing .
and old thing sometimes creak and stuff .
that 's when i realized that i was still wearing the musky old thing , and my thoughts drifted back to the blue haired man laid up in doctor harold 's manor .
how does she expect these skinny arms of mine to carry this heavy thing down a flight of stairs ?
shoving it into his back pocket , it amazed him the thing still fit .
there s like a glass dome thing on top , and when the lightning flashes , it brightens up the room .
he pulled the handle really hard and the thing ripped right off the door .
the loud banging from some heavy metal thing slamming against the door seemed to last forever .
turn that thing off , please !
same thing with the floor , like some kinda x - ray vision .
shoot , my dad only built the thing so he could have some charity fundraiser once a year .
the entire thing had been redone , with an awesome white porch you wished you had , except it would never fit on your own house .
i rubbed the back of my neck , not sure how to hit the thing .
as i do so , i see her remove something from her belt , a kind of stick thing with a cylinder attached .
` ` what if this thing had gone off ? ''
` ` you 're not expecting me to use this thing , are you ? ''
` ` point the damn thing at the trees , will you ! ''
get rid of that awful thing !
abby snatched the thing out of his hands and rolled her window down .
whoa , that thing is huge .
leah yelped and grabbed the thing on instinct .
he stared at the thing .
that thing is the size of a brick standing upright .
the skyfire filled the whole thing , and pulsed merrily .
baal stared at the thing , and nodded .
they did this until the whole thing was a deep black .
he said that when the wealthy olden came into amberhill , he built a place to invent things that would make their world a better place to live .
is it the same thing she used on the mouse ?
that would be the easiest and fastest thing to cut off .
an ancient , rotting thing of gleaming , sodden wood , shining and bejewelled with slimy seaweed and the patterned shells of tiny sea creatures .
a holiday to edinburgh seems just the thing to bring the family closer together .
i have n't used this thing in forever .
` ` you have wifi on that thing ? ''
set the bloody thing aside !
my left hand rests over my phone after i lock my door , and the little thing seems too heavy in my pocket .
perhaps its the surprise or the fear , but i fixate on the damn thing .
things are clicking into place , adding up , like lego , going taller and taller , so fast i ca nt keep up .
i bet he s wishing the thing was me .
i think dad just realises that his system is being hacked right in front him , because he snatches the thing , turning it to him .
it rings again after a minute and he jumps , almost dropping the damn thing .
i scream at it and throw the whole thing at my front door .
ill be back first thing in the morning , the doctor said .
she moved closer to examine the mysterious thing .
but this website is saying that it was this secret weather creating device thing that had killed the kid .
well , there s this thing called a nose .
oh , this old thing ?
it is the only thing i have from my birth parents , left with me when my mom left me at the orphanage .
after twisting the knob twice , i set the thing on the ground , stepping away from it .
i never thought much about hell , but after seeing this thing , i know it exists .
i react and shove the tavin blade in further until the thing disintegrates .
lennox scissor - cuts through the clacture with his swords and the thing lights up , but the wind does nt touch lennox as he appears on the other side of the bridge .
earl was shocked that the only thing dagdron owned was a dagger , but dagdron was astounded that earl had to worry about transporting so much worthless stuff .
you sent that stupid arch thing with me to give to the headmaster .
jas had to fight back the impulse to kick the stupid thing clean to the stream ; at least while mathen was standing right there watching .
if that was the case then tossing the thing in the stream and running was n't an option .
he was stuck in a place where he did n't understand the language ; he only had the things in the bag that mathen had given him which would n't get him far .
some day that thing is going to be metal plated .
that thing is just plain creepy , seacra muttered .
that thing saved my life once , almas responded back .
he hands me over a red lemonade without having to ask i am a creature of habit , and always order the same thing i smile at him in thanks .
apparently , the poor thing was beaten , too .
they came up with the idea to grab lea 's tail , which was the most dangerous thing that lamias possessed .
it was so grotesque that it was impossible to believe that someone would wear such a thing .
an image appeared in lea 's head , which was about a thing been thrown to hilda .
` ` this thing 's full of themfur , feathers , beaded ones ...
you would be hooded , but your cuffs would n't be locked , so once inside , we could all break free and search for this super - silent - important - document thing . ''
we d need a little thing called a benson - starr translator .
how did they store video on this thing ?
you hooked this thing up to a television and put the videocassette in this slot .
so this thing was smuggled here from the home planet .
sherlock does nt know what s on this thing .
bear squawked at them to come into the ring first thing .
shed caught him alone in his office first thing in the morning .
if someone wanted to make a call from this thing , it would have to be hooked up to holiday turned the bulky phone around , and showed dino the phone wire plugged into the back .
just stick it in their arms and push the little thing at the top there .
fire was the best thing to use against them but i did nt even have a lighter .
the thing buried into the trolls back and fell to the ground .
the thing was incredibly strong .
if you know my name , i started , then that means you were in the restaurant , place , thing .
like , this great big jacuzzi thing .
` ` that girl , with the wrist thing .
aliah grabbed shai 's elbow and hissed in her ear , ` ` if you insist on keeping the damn thing then let 's go .
the whole thing was hot to touch .
his eyes were the thing .
she went miles in that thing .
this thing went up and down and swayed from side to side .
i worked for three weeks on this thing .
the trunks had grown so gnarled over the years that they almost looked like carvings , and daniel thought for a second he was seeing things because , from one of the knots in the bark , he imagined the outline of a face forming .
what , did a family of skunks die inside this thing ?
if you re so magic and powerful , why do nt you put a roof over this thing ?
actually , he was more of a lizard but was trying to help me , but i did nt know about it and meruzilak blasted him with this light thing and he disappeared .
you were a bit bumpy on takeoff and need some serious padding on this thing , but other than that , its great .
we had nothing in development anywhere near the size of that thing , and i ca nt imagine another country could build something like that without there being a leak , or at least rumors .
i realized that the seatbelt was the only thing keeping me from falling to the ground , since the jeep was on its side .
he had one of those headbands on that had a large light on it , with a small bowl looking thing around it .
the thing that fell out of the sky shined like a baby sun .
an old thing she was , by their estimation , but aughra still felt young , at least when she was n't looking in the mirror .
gobber held the thing up to a hanging hurricane lamp .
the thing had a thin handle that looked like it was designed for a large - fingered hand , with two odd prongs halfway down .
gobber rotated the thing through the waving shadows .
candlelight lit up the concave underside of the thing .
hastily dropping the thing , the crabbit and the podling stared up at the boiling sky as the purple bolt bounced from cloud to cloud , getting bigger with each strike .
he pushed the thing under his wares , down to the very bottom of the cart , and exhaled .
` ` after you ' ve stolen our shovel and smashed our glass thing and eaten our food and stiffed us on the lot , if you think you 're getting our -- '' ` ` stolen ? ''
` ` will you put that thing out ? ''
` ` there 's a cathedral , sort of thing , that i can see in my mind .
the whole thing fell off in his claw .
locking the outer door to prevent any more outlandish interruptions , skektek lifted the thing from where it lay on one of his workbenches .
` ` erm , not to be much of a bother , '' the insect said aloud , ` ` but you might examine that spinning handle thing that opens the big door . ''
it had been trines since she had said the prayer -- sun celebration had never been her thing , and working gelflings like her family had never been invited to the partial conjunction ceremonies in the celebrant hall .
` ` what 's this thing ? ''
likely to go off , that thing is .
no use lying -- ` ` with , with this metal thing .
with a wild , unnatural wail , he pulled metal thing after metal thing out of his sack and then bent over the black shape .
that thing would nt hurt a fly , percival .
if these things were any indication , then the lycan wood seemed to have everything but lycans .
a video game or comic book is one thing , but were all standing in the middle of this .
what in the world was this thing ?
they 'll try to take a picture of something in the distance only to be stymied by something barely obstructing their shot : an elbow , a stick , that sort of thing .
no way a little wind could ever tip that thing over .
the camera is the only thing even remotely worth stealing . ''
` ` you mean squirt saw this thing up close ? ''
` ` two ... '' why could n't he get the stupid thing fastened ?
that thing has done nothing but screw up my life since the day i found it . ''
she had only wanted to help professor blake achieve his dream of building a gamer platform that was like the real thing .
i suppose the windows natural light was the best thing there was in a time of oil lamps to present her at her best .
the only thing in here is a bared , modern mannequin .
turning back , he picks up the gangplanks end and swings the whole thing around , tossing it into the sea .
now someone , dethina , he hoped , would be obliged to go for water first thing in the morning , and he would be waiting for her .
i positioned myself on my bed and toyed with the idea , pretending to run the thing across my wrist .
i even put his face right smack in the middle of the whole thing .
my bed was a place that was minethe only thing i could call my own , the only thing i could control .
whatever this thing was ?
you stabbed it right into that guys heart , and when you did , the knife thing exploded , or turned back into air .
it was just the sort of thing that people went on to diet , not to put weight on .
she liked that , he treated her as an equal , and not some namby pamby pink girly thing .
sunny had been right , this area stunk of old sea things and was not pleasant on the nose .
jenny realised that he only had their safety in mind but you would have thought that he could have spared two extra seconds to read the damn thing .
jen was impressed , it looked a pretty wood if such a thing existed .
he was tempted to tip the whole thing upside down , but the thought of the mess that he would have to clear up later stopped him .
he carefully brushed all the dust of it and angled the thing to the light .
the bottom was so rotten that if it had been left for another year or so , the whole thing would probably have disintegrated .
he had decided on this course of action when jen appeared in the caravan doorway and asked if the rusty thing was cooked yet ?
' i do n't give a rat 's arse how the thing was built i want to know how on ella - earth chief luthan raised a dam without anyone noticing ! '
hoang - ha laughed a little to himself : where would they put the thing ?
not after that thing they 'd just seen '' that thing was supposed to be in vegas , '' goody jabbered .
` ` we have the thing surrounded , '' mills heard from the radio .
you re not a very pretty little thing , are you ?
sure thing , bro .
cassidy , if this is one of your crazy i leaped into the room , wielding a jedi light - up sword thing and sliced at the air with it .
get that ridiculous thing off and well go pop the frozen pizza in the oven and watch a marathon of romantic comedies .
i drank the whole thing firstwhy waste a good sugar drink ?
chapter 6 ~ skirdkhen ~ oslan had come to aylans chamber to fetch her first thing after breakfast the next day , donning a sword that looked far too big for the boy .
you actually fight with that thing ?
at this , aylan , who had stood silently listening to every word while anger and astonishment at their gall rose inside her , picked up the first thing she could grab and tossed it at the two men full force .
i wo nt lie , the thing did taste vile , but do nt you think its worth it ?
goodness , said millie once she had swallowed her pill , i thought the wretched thing might never go down !
surely , you do nt have to scuttle off so quickly , a pretty little thing like you .
what is that thing that the girl has ?
the bag is the only thing he has that s large enough to contain it .
she could nt find a single thing that could help her escape .
yeah , and well , she thinks i have some thing for you .
well , i had this little thing called a driver , sent to pick him up for whatever he needed .
i think this cake is the first thing i ' ve seen you stick in your mouth for two days .
if you really want a guy to take notice of you , you reel him in and then push him away , blow hot and cold , that sort of thing .
plus i d taken care to watch what people in movies did ; tilt your head , try not to part your lips too wide , that kind of thing .
the thing was right there !
they ll probably set up the stage right here , and this giant pump - lookin thing will be right up next to it , mo exclaimed , sectioning off the area with his arms .
before we go charging in there we should check out this little shed thing and that ship .
he took off , seeking shelter behind the first thing he could find , which happened to be a dumpster .
oh man she 's a hot lil thing that one .
t you got that thing i told you to get ?
whether or not the crowd knew that the thing was a thing , was of little concern to michael at the moment .
whether or not the crowd knew that the thing was a thing , was of little concern to michael at the moment .
the girl in the carbon nano - fiber hands of the machine added before the commands her best friend and laboratory partner had just given the thing were carried out .
what was once a whim , had somehow turned into a monumental debacle , thoroughly unpredictable by anyone involved with the development of the thing .
cameras too far away anyhow , ca nt see a darn thing .
his eyes inspected the thing even closer as he wonder why the teens outside would be looking for it .
the night manager responded , somebody just showed up looking for that thing .
i ve kept track of that thing since the day it went online .
after the bridge thing with christy was on the news , i knew that someone had lost the damned thing and immediately began tracking it .
greg wondered what he d be doing just then , if he had nt forgotten the thing .
fishing through the large dumpster for hours without finding a hint of their remote , michael was finally satisfied that the thing was not in the trash and decided to begin relinquishing their efforts .
reaching out he grabbed the knob only to find to his surprise that the thing turned effortlessly and was in fact wide open .
tabitha was made fully aware of the effects the device would have the night before when buddy had given her a complete overview of what the thing was and how it worked .
the only thing they know is that the damn thing is missing , buddy .
whoever built this thing will be held responsible .
how ya going to explain that thing to your daddy ?
every thing a soon - to - be - dead person needs before foci .
` ` does that thing move ? ''
she hears him talking through the door to whoever it is , and she grabs the first thing she can find to throw on quickly before her little brother ends up opening the door to a serial killer .
hookups were not my thing ; that took at least a small amount of trust , and trust was just something i did nt do .
if it was destroyed , would nt the entire thing have turned into rubble , instead of just bits and pieces of it ?
maybe its you know , a square peg into a round hole kind of thing .
she could rip that thing apart !
you got ta read the whole thing .
that turtle thing must be their gimmick , mac thought .
who knew there was such a thing as a rice cooker ?
they always wanted to put some dangling thing in his ears .
no , i have this ... thing .
you know those things there , skylar said motioning toward ryders hands with the hand she was nt using to keep the towel on her head in place , they re used for more than punching you know , you should try knocking sometime .
its a lime margarita on rocks sir , the lightest thing we have , she said before leaving .
he got angry and the dog was the first thing he could reach , i was glad that i had stood as far away from him as possible .
the bed was maybe the biggest thing in the room and next to it was one floor length window with sheer gold curtains pulled tight so no light seeped through .
she looked around the room and then right in front of her , at the only thing that sat on top of the desk .
those things pinch into his skin and leaves burn marks with every twist of the wrist and he wanted it off .
her room was also clean , like ocd clean not a thing out of place , not a spec of dirt on the floors it was just clean .
to me a circle is a perfect thing , the symbol of a complete journey .
that stone thing desiree gave you .
i only touched the thing and got a little rash on my hand .
she made a face like this was not the best thing shed ever tasted but managed to keep her sparkling smile at the same time .
the thing practically pulsed in the darkness .
yeah , said ryan , who most certainly was not looking at the same thing .
ryan , i ca n't hear you through that thing .
i should have opened this bloody thing beforehand , he reflected ruefully , staring at the sealed packet , now only a few centimetres from his face .
having expended so much energy in creating the thing , ryan thought it was rather unfair that he had not had the chance to enjoy it himself .
we just want to get the thing working .
you guys power this thing ?
it was the only man - made thing in sight .
i do nt want to make you look bad when i put this thing over my head and carry it up the stairs like atlas .
why did nt you wait inside you poor thing ?
all i needed to do was remember every little thing grampa had ever taught me and i d be okay .
i ca nt believe i have to put on this stupid thing .
now that ares has stopped gallivanting in that thing he calls a home , i can give all of you kids a few pointers together .
the harder i laughed the more the darn thing moved .
the dagger is the only thing that can kill coronis .
` ` i just want to look at stuff , things around the house and the garden , close up . ''
in the place where he had seen the giant he could see things , enormous things , in the distance .
stupid thing , he said to himself .
that was the only thing riley did nt have built into their new house , because with a generator , they did nt need a fireplace .
apparently , he 's been a lot of places , seen a lot of things , knows a lot of stuff .
some sort of black leather strap swing thing hung from the ceiling .
the was only one thing in this direction , besides the end of the continent , the ferry to whidbey island .
you think this thing is working ?
the closest thing must have been like a hooker and john .
i threw an oversized navy - blue kingsley sweatshirt on over my tank top ; it hung down over my shorts , making me look like it was the only thing i had on .
i realized it was just a tent , that the only thing separating me from the outside world was a thin layer of canvas , but it would have to do for now .
after glancing down at the expensive designer tag , i felt guilty for punishing the poor thing by turning it into a filthy rag .
this thing is ruining my life ; i m certainly not going to use it against anyone else .
i decided the poor thing loved crazy people .
if you re talking about how i am able to burn down school buildings , or create tidal waves , or make things explode , then yes , i suppose i do possess a certain set of skills ; but the last thing i wanted was for any of that to happen , i folded my arms across my chest and shook my head .
well dances are not really my thing , besides i do nt want to go alone .
he crawled into the front seat and then had to lift the door and pull equally hard to jam the thing back into place .
its the only thing that would fit under my skirt !
the last time i saw you , you were just a wee little thing .
my mother was the farthest thing from domesticated as one woman could be , so there was never food in our house , let alone caffeinated necessities .
if you change your mind though , call me first thing .
there was no way this thing could start , let alone safely drive me home .
not even after i peed first thing in the morning .
the summer had so far been hell riding around in this thing without air - conditioning .
the other part of the debate- tennis shoes were much lighter than these things , easier to walk across country in and much , much nicer to run in .
we would be leaving first thing in the morning , so why make pleasantries ?
we 'll call first thing in the morning .
the wildest thing i tried on was a faux fur vest in a spotted leopard print .
ill study first thing tomorrow .
who hangs out at the lighthouse , first thing in the morning , in the middle of february ?
her shiny red shoes had a six inch heel , the kind of thing that felicity had only seen on television and in magazines .
that flamey - fist thing was a spell , a spell designed to burn the flesh from your bones - not that you two would have any idea about that kind of power .
she still clung to her mothers journal but kept it tucked under her arm , and she kept flicking nervous , uneasy glances in all directions as if she expected someone to come and snatch the precious thing from her .
her hands and arms began to shake as she struggled to keep up the shield , the only thing between them and the others .
the basement was completely dark now and none of us could see a thing .
when we reached the curtain - doorway thing where the scream came from i jumped right through , but there was nothing there .
i thought for sure that thing did some damage .
but i did nt have the formula of solution to the task of helping my best friend and the only thing i could again and again analyze the poor available data , hoping that conversation with joshua will change something .
the thing that s missing because the premises are in a basement network coverage turned out to be our greatest selling point !
and all of them use the same thing so they do nt get bored a smartphone or a tablet .
i m still not wearing that skimpy sequined thing on that cold night holiday parade , since i m freeze my butthole off .
i crank the engine that holds the single key since no one would ever steal this thing but i can wish so daddy would buy one of the cute atv vehicles then i would hay both the horses and cows right after school until sundown as i giggle with a girly twang .
garth clicks open the handle sliding his boots on the soil as cinta drops her skull under his arms scooting into seat and guns the engine then flies off faster than the space shuttle towards the soggy creed bottom for fun and aggravation since garth spent more of his time washing the thing then driving the thing .
garth clicks open the handle sliding his boots on the soil as cinta drops her skull under his arms scooting into seat and guns the engine then flies off faster than the space shuttle towards the soggy creed bottom for fun and aggravation since garth spent more of his time washing the thing then driving the thing .
bring the thing , tomorrow , too , risa since ya need to complete your algebra by friday .
i double - check the rear view mirrors for any familiar 4 x 4 jacked up trucks from the warfield clan driving up my butthole but the other sons are very nice and well - mannered southern gentlemen towards me as i see the entrance point of the private driveway as i giggle with a girly twang deciding to off - road my atv from the main road since i do nt want to seem too eager or desperate since its only 8:00am as the left tire hits the loose gravel then plows the engine grill down into the dirt road ditch bouncing one tire at - a - time in a combo earth material of lots of grass weeds , tiny amounts of spring water , and miles of moisture brown soil splashing muddy water onto the floor board and the side doors thanking daddy for adding the atv doors to this thing .
when was the last time i gassed the thing ?
me and cinta played in thing during our childhood and teen years .
he 's wearing the same thing as me .
where this thing could go ?
i quietly moved every single thing in her room for the key , but i ca n't find it .
` ` karmyll , that thing you have can kill us . ''
wearing jeans and t - shirt while i wear the same thing but with an arm warmer on my right arm to hide death 's scratch .
i have some nice summer things but some of these dresses seem a little out of place for school .
are nt you just a gorgeous little thing !
you poor thing !
he sounded very sure that it was the real thing .
where s the round stone thing that was on the table ?
this silver thing is a key to find the right letters in order to read a code .
you do nt go around swinging that thing like you did ... miranda turned on her heel , grabbed her bag and was off .
i made the transportation of the blasted thing alone in the middle of the night .
we may not need to use it of course but i want things in place as a precautionary measure .
you could have taken out off one of her ears with that thing !
the kicker is : they say the thing was helped by someone inside the city !
it wanted to get the thing back .
` ` you do n't know how to drive this thing ! ''
the whole thing looks made of milky glass , or diamond maybe .
the whole thing is built in steps , wedged between two massive cliff faces in a box canyon .
altair picked this thing open ?
poor thing ? !
here , you pretty thing , you .
the brightest light shone from a purple thing on demetrius 's desk .
i reached across the street , but i grabbed that thing instead . ''
if you get me in trouble , you 're never getting another shiny thing . ''
` ` wo n't he cook inside that thing ? ''
` ` the teleport dislocated your shoulder , poor thing .
i starting screaming and flailing my legs , anything to make the stupid thing stop .
oh , flying through the flowers i attained these awful little things , chiggers i think they called them , and they itch .
ill be giving you no more than thirty pounds for that filthy thing .
we shove off first thing in the mornin .
this is what i see : the captain smoking a long green pipe ( inhaling as if it were a beautiful flower ) , three crewmen struggling with the sails , and one crewman in the crows nest with a funny looking pair of things he is holding up to his eyes .
there was no such thing on this hunk of floating wood .
you know , the picture like thing that ryse has on his arm that he showed geroge ?
what is that picture thing you have on your arm ?
i was careful of my dress , which was nt the most beautiful thing in the world ; a little old .
impatiently , i began walking around the room , uncovered every little thing he could possibly be hidden under .
then we can get started across them first thing in the morning , ryse decided .
which , by the way , if you did nt remember , is still that beautiful and fancy darling blue thing i wore to the ball .
standing at five foot nothing and being a faithful shopper of all things fashion , curly dyed black hair and perfectly tanned skin accenting her emerald green eyes , she was beyond cute , and he had to admit that the first time she said she loved him , it had caught him off guard .
the only thing you re using is drugs because you re so dumb you ca nt even see how shell never fall in love with you .
i assumed that was so the only thing i had available to kiss was the top of her head .
dad , this thing weighs a ton .
things all clicked into place shortly afterwards .
the only thing in the living area was a sleeping pad and blanket .
he put a sheaf of paper on zzyks desk and pointed to things as zzyk quickly leafed through the pages .
perhaps sending harry , rachel and daniel to the airport along first thing on monday was nt such a good idea .
* * * mac was able to secure plane tickets for first thing tuesday morning .
the only thing i had close by was the colored mug i liked so much .
for that , i felt like a pathetic little thing , and all i had left was my dignity .
when we arrived , nobody was inside , just a few things out of place and the blood on the table .
i read the whole thing the other night .
it was a nice watch , the last thing stacey had given me and i did nt want to lose it .
i will go first thing in the morning however , and the three of you can decide whether you want to stay here tomorrow night as well or go home .
is nt it , as tam said , cool making things out of wood ?
i have nt touch that ridiculous thing .
you see how big that thing is ?
kosner was taking too long with the thing , and he was starving .
this thing was triple her size and had crazed - looking steel colored eyes .
is he trained to use that thing ?
santino had never lost a thing in his life .
she lifted her skirt above her knees , even though the tattered thing was nearly more patches than skirt , and knelt beside a stream .
everywhere , that is , except for the tiny thing before her .
the weathered , neglected thing had once represented the towns booming fishing industry .
i know its wrong , but the thing could be a ticket to a better life for a lotta people around here where there re stuff - all jobs .
what was that that thing ?
i forgot all about this thing , she said to herself and turned it over in her hand .
she gasped and quickly pocketed the thing .
you know , sansonis said as she turned it over for the hundredth time , dooking all the while , its either that thing goes or i do .
after all that , you would nt even taste the damn thing ?
even now the smell of tobacco smoke set his heart racing , and he had nt smoked one of the wretched things in years .
i had a brief stint on a fishing boat in lake farn a few years back , so i m pretty sure i can sail the thing , but the real test is getting it in the first place .
but there was still a lot of ground between them and the boat , assuming they could even take such a thing .
what if this thing sinks ?
you get this thing .
and why do i have to wear this itchy thing ?
the itchy thing , as maya called it , was his old walking harness that djidou had reinforced and modified in a few minutes to carry a tough drawstring pouch .
as djidou took the thing he slid something into the base near the stock and slid shut a bolt .
i never imagined they d still have the damn thing hooked up .
you know , he said and took the wheel , steering a course towards stefi and the others , you re lucky we did nt blow this thing up .
days ago , in his delirium , he had thrown away his cloak ; it was the first thing he redrew , and then he quickly sketched out the pieces that would fill the pockets of the cloak .
he looked up at her , glaring , i m trying to fix this stupid thing , he said , hefting the lute , it broke when your brother threw me .
ill bring my bag with me ; its the only thing i have left .
he could as easily repair a broken thing as break it in the first place .
duncan began riding the thing in little circles around the apartment parking lot .
once the newspaper caught on fire the whole thing kind of burst into a big flame .
oh yeaa , i forgot you had this busted thing .
it was the tightest thing i d ever seen .
hohe , and the poor thing forgot to put the lights on .
the tribal tattoo around her arm that i once thought was the tightest thing ever looks really stupid .
the exact type of thing i would have broken in minutes .
not missing a step , he reached into a pocket and took out a blood pack filled with human blood ; the only thing that could potentially make him fast enough to catch this spirit .
she gazed at her ring , the only thing keeping the spirit from taking over her body .
he had never seen such a thing before .
michael was right she does recover freakishly fast now , to figure out what to do with this thing he nodded toward the dead werewolf .
they could nt use a cast on my left arm because of the blistery skin , so i had this stainless steel armature thing instead .
the steel thing on my left arm was cold and heavy , always poking me and in the way .
that rusted out old thing ?
like , maybe i should get rid of this thing and wash up ?
i remember that the only thing on the wall was a photograph of your dad when he was a teenager , held up with a pin .
who needs wolf meares when you ve got the real thing ?
the mattress is old and lumpy , but its the softest thing we ve slept on for a month .
to make you tell him how your invisibility thing works .
the doctor offers to arrange the x - ray but dr collins makes an excuse , saying were flying out first thing in the morning and well get it done at home , and the doctor leaves .
you hit me with that damn thing .
that girl would nt have taken a thing from me .
a dress is just the quickest thing to change into .
judging by her look , she does nt want a thing .
this thing in his back has to be the explosive but i do n't see a detonator .
back to the table of contents chapter 8 ` ` what 's this thing ? ''
` ` will you be providing the donkey that goes with this thing ? ''
` ` you expect me to sit on this thing ? ''
nobody watches that stupid thing this early in the morning .
sandy returned with bartleys things and put them into the trunk .
i have just the thing .
this thing 's heavy , he said .
the ground was stomped flat all around and the bloody thing must be thirty hands high .
either the trolls or the goblins must be dragging the thing around the woods and setting it up wherever they feel like making trouble .
every thing was spotless as if an army of cleaners had been busy for a week .
yeah well just so you know that thing you did nt give him ?
it was the only messy thing i could see , with the soft yellow - white sheets pulled from under the sides of the bed and the small round pillow crammed between the mattress and the wooden side .
the moonlight went through its monthly changes , indeed it was the only thing that showed the passage of time , but it stayed in the sky longer than i knew it should , and it glowed brighter and hung heavier than any moon i d ever seen in the world outside .
by the way , matthew added as they walked again towards the front of the convoy , that thing on your belt ?
hey , joe , pass me that thing we found outside bens cell , in the dungeon .
things were all over the place .
darn it , the thing is not calibrated right .
in puylaurens , it was a girl just a year older than i , a sweet voluptuous thing whose corpse i used after i ate off her face .
sounds like just the thing .
if he wo n't take me home , i 'll drive the damn thing myself .
he did n't give us a ticket , mainly because i think he recognized how incompetent mom was when it came to cars , but he explained that most cars have panels inside the trunk that hide the wiring for the lights and all we had to do was pull the bulb out through the panel and screw a new one in before reinserting the whole thing .
miranda 's journal will tie him to nicole 's death , and i have no doubt that there are fibers and other forensic things in that trunk that will tie the noose .
jezus , what did he do to this thing ? !
suddenly i felt the urge to rip the damned thing from my neck .
i shrugged , trying to hand her the damn thing .
i took it fast and downed almost the whole thing before responding .
where were they going in this thing ?
it was the only thing she bought for herself .
can you get this thing off me ? ''
because were going to have to figure out how to drive this thing , and were going to have to figure out how to get back to our ship .
it was the first and last thing she ever knitted ; no matter how much it resembled a traffic cone , she was proud of it .
will moved between katie and the thing , glock .
the lady was the dorkiest looking thing in the library , and waving like she was manic .
she opened up the plannercringing a little at the flower print paperand asked , so how do i use this thing .
she gripped her towel and threw the closest thing she could graba handful of pens .
this was the only thing you had on you other than a little green dress which i still have boxed up with your other baby things .
soon as we land this thing i want a full demonstration .
you d think they would install seatbelts in this thing , she muttered as zoe grabbed onto her waist and held on tight .
it was the best thing shed ever tasted .
i sure hate to use this thing .
the whole thing looked mangled , like it was folded in half .
still , she drank the whole thing and handed it back to her .
you are such a pretty thing and he may seem tough on the outside , but inside he s quite sweet .
peyton shoved some of her dark blonde waves back into the bun thing she had on top of her head .
i will send up a maid with some nightclothes , and i will have the seamstress attend you first thing in the morning .
turn that blasted thing down !
of course you did nt plan on keeping such a thing , right ?
scanning the room again , i realized there was one real thing on the wheeled table across my bed .
you know they wo nt let you keep that thing , right ?
i left them to pack up , announcing that i wanted to collect a few things for the walk , some nuts and fruit i had seen growing a few hundred meters away .
stumbling backwards against a wall i tried to knock the thing off .
i d spent the last four months dreaming of having the thing out of me .
` ` i can help her but i ca n't do it when you are pointing that thing at me ! ''
we 'll begin searching for them first thing in the morning . ''
he traces the inside of my arm , his fingers sliding over the cool metal , and for the first time since i woke up with that hunk of machinery on the other end of my elbow , i am wishing that i could feel the damn thing .
she s an attractive girl , a tall and willowy thing , with plump lips and almond shaped eyes .
it had some kind of beaded thing around the neck .
picking up one of the citrus fruits , she split open the peel to reveal the cute , little pieces inside , and held the whole thing out for him to take .
sue smiled warmly at vicky as she retrieved the things to make the coffees .
she knew a man of money when she saw one , and she was going to do her best to make sure that this handsome guy took her home , not the scrawny thing in front of him .
now , if she could just remember how that website had said to fold the thing up , she could get it in the vicky clicked her way across the website of the local bookstore , looking for something that would help her with her plight .
she needed something to distract her , and she knew just the thing .
why are you bringing that thing ?
beth threw herself backward , away from that thing , her stomach revolted , but she was unable to look away .
she had located the damned thing .
do you have any idea how uncomfortable this thing is ?
she hit and hit and kept hitting until she had to lift the thing from the ground to hit yet again and heard it began to sizzle .
beth woke up and looked at her watch first thing .
just kidding , you do nt need to look at me like that actually , this thing seems to be quite interesting so they did it like beth explained and when they touched they went into a trance instantly .
and i definitely do nt feel a thing for him .
so , before doing anything else , she would have to , somehow , get rid of that thing .
his shield , or whatever that thing was , felt to the ground , still smoking .
beth , these are rose and bill nast , and this little , cute thing is mia , their daughter .
we need to find and close this thing .
unfortunately , she did not know exactly what it would mean to them since she still did not have a clue about how to close the damn thing .
in what mysterious place could that thing be hidden ?
that damn thing could fly , and the warriors would be screwed if that happened .
it was that medallion thing that sucked beths attack .
as soon as the needle touched your skin , your energy reacted so violently that the whole thing melted , even the bottle , soaking you and the bed and leaving a nasty burn on leons hand , but chloe took care of that .
she was just a mere play thing for his amusement .
someone vandalized leenas car so we were forced to ride that thing they call a bus .
he was acting all lovey dovey and made sure that she did nt have to lift a finger to get a thing .
the car skidded across the road and i tried to hold on to anything thing that i could find .
i could not recognize anything , the only thing standing was the front door , and that was only just hanging on by its hinges .
but as the steam shifted , my eyes caught sight of the tub , water rushing over the edge , the entire thing overflowing .
i liked to make things with just my handscalloused fingers , heat from my palms , the sharp corner of my thumbnail .
he had three slices of pizza stacked on top of each other and was trying to fit the whole thing in his mouth .
because she made things and wrote things down and saved every detail like it was the most important thing in the world .
one second i was staring at romans picture and the next i was staring at the real thing in my grandparents farmhouse .
i did nt want to be alone there with bryns things and my half stitched memory and that bitter thing on my tongue that tasted like tears and guilt and fear .
pulling the stupid thing back off my head i was pretty sure i d smeared mascara and lipstick all over my face , not to mention my ponytail was probably looking more like a porcupine than anything .
the stupid , old decrepit thing that nana had used for almost seven years without a dent shattered before my eyes .
that thing seems like it means business .
one did the harpy shriek thing as i drove through her on the highway , and one is a pain in the ass .
i need to call him back and let him know they disappeared , but he s going to head out here first thing in the morning .
from the divide thing ?
it took me a few tries to get the thing to come to life and it was nt until renn , through a few laughs , showed me how to dial the number on a phone with no keys that the line to the truck stop diner began to ring .
i was nt even sure the thing would fit over my chest anymore , but the fact that renn was standing at the bottom of the stairs waiting to take me to a cabin for the night blew a fuse in my brain .
hello kitty would have made it impossible to breathe and getting the thing off in the morning would have been an amusing thing to watch .
they re going to ward the thing , whatever it is , in those stones you told me about .
upon checking the phones directory , my heart sank a little further when i realized renns phone number was nt even programmed into the stupid thing .
taking a long pull of the non - burning thing , he blew out a long , wispy puff of chimera smoke .
and what s the plan if we do find the thing ?
we came up here looking for the thing thinking we d just bind it into submission with some damn chants .
the thing swayed when i put my weight away from the building on the left banister .
he jumped in and got the thing off my leg just before you got here to pull me out .
especially first thing in the morning .
kacey helped them to pack their things into the trunk .
` ` man , this thing is huge ! ''
but i 'll have to take these papers to my lawyer first thing on monday morning , and he will tell me for sure . ''
very funny , '' emma replied , ` ` if you 'd seen that thing hanging in the dark closet , you would ' ve thought it was real , too ! ''
all the innuendos and doubletalk made her want to slash the silky green thing apart , if only that would not result in many more pieces of him wiggling around and causing more hazards for her .
you ve got the same thing i do .
who s this pretty little thing ?
okay , breaking into things is nt exactly a new thing for me , he admits , but its not like i steal stuff .
swords , knives , things i m not even sure what they are , all hold places of honor on the wall .
she did nt have the typical things you d use in a garden .
she had no need for those kinds of things in her greenhouse .
she started throwing clothes on the ground until she came across a black cardigan that just so happened to be the only thing she put into the duffel bag .
rose told azalea that it was the only thing she had when she found her , she said it was clutched in the palm of her hands .
wow , and all of these years i thought that thing was a mask , and to think you did nt even dress up for halloween , you came as yourself .
azalea tried to move in order to help but she cried out in pain as the thing around her neck began to burn with every move she made .
ce - ce told buddy to get out rather rudely but he obeyed and she helped take the thing from around azaleas neck .
can you drive that thing ?
i pretended to remember it and the thing came to life and brought me into an advanced lesson on mandarin .
i stepped in , closed the inner barred grate and then the outer steel hatch , pushed the button for the top floor and the thing creaked slowly to a rise giving me a narrow view of different floors as i ascended .
i pushed 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 and to my utter surprise and satisfaction , the thing opened silently .
dad excused himself and went in search of the doctors , ms . penny brought me the cards from my junior high and unfolded the thing until it was the size of a flag .
fed me slowly , carefully until i ate the whole thing .
he would not let me raise a finger or do a thing .
kris tended and worked on the vegetable garden , then planted flowers and watered them with the utility of a horse - pipe , then set up and framed and painted in consummate white our wooden fence , then cut the overgrown and enormous hedge on the other side of our house , then climbed up on the shabby roof of our house and swept and cleaned it , then unpacked to pack and arrange nicely the stuff and things in her own room .
you do n't owe me a thing .
` ` but fill that thing up with everything you can , we might need them later . ''
this thing might do it , '' aran said holding up what looked like a really thick paper towel tube attached to a square base .
look , aran said , if we point this thing at an angle it should explode on the other side of the house across the street .
` ` i do n't think there is any place that will have supplies that 's right on the water except restaurants and they wo n't have enough things to make it worth while . ''
the old fort tower was bare inside , and the boys brought some chairs and things from the house to spruce it up a bit , making it a nice place to sit and relax .
this thing will be perfect to have , he said as he stepped of the stern .
it was not the only thing glittering in the sun , though .
that thing is heavy .
the thing bumping her side poked her rib cage hard and pressed .
finally the boy ran over and grabbed the red thing out of the womans basket , much to her surprise .
how big is this thing ?
we found this rock thing again and climbed around on it , but then the assassins found us and we got separated in a crevice .
she was this little thing dressed all in black with odd skin , and she had a crooked twin brother and a really good looking friend .
its probably the only thing that can show us how our trails might look like farther up the mountain .
even if all you do is make sure they do nt get that pretty thing in your pocket it will be worth it .
plus the thought of climbing this thing even dry was scary .
a pretty thing like you ?
this thing is useless , kelly said after a half hour , shoving it into her pocket .
that thing looks kinda old , shane commented .
there must be nearly a thousand channels on this thing .
we have to get down there and shut that stupid thing off .
he surveyed the rest of the interior and added , this thing does nt look like it ll carry too many people .
now turn this thing around and get out of my city .
if we had nt , we d be stuck down there with all those thugs trying to peel this thing open and get at us , aaron answered before shane had a chance .
you go shut that thing down .
now lets try to get to the battery room door and shut this thing down before we lose it .
no , we have to shut this thing off .
there s usually a reverence , bordering on obsession , in the way she looks at that thing , but tonight she seems disinterested .
i have seen him with the thing countless times ; its always tucked up under his arm , almost an extension of himself .
i ca nt think of when i would ve put it in my pocket and its not the kind of thing i d forget .
some old abandoned maintenance shaft sounds dangerous , like the kind of thing you d expect teens to find in a horror flick .
its starting to go , sebastian says , as i wrench on the thing harder .
i m not going in that thing again .
well , the only thing free was my mouth so i used it .
the last thing to go was the table , and karis was once more aware of his surroundings , of malin , who stood several feet away trying hard not to stare at him .
first thing after breakfast , that is .
just the thing , she insisted .
he conjured this thing ?
it must have been a devastating destruction to get the whole thing here .
the only thing covering me was my bra and panties .
but he says i need to be careful because he has noticed that when i belt out songs , it makes him feel things , it makes him feel whatever emotion is in the song and that for a normal person like him , its not a bad thing , in fact connecting with your audience is a good thing .
honestly , i did n't pick a thing .
if i keep this thing running , it might knock out the power systems for a couple hundred miles , so let 's do it . ''
now heres the thing .
it had been the last thing her dad had ever given her , and now it was gone , just like him .
you ca nt tell me that thing was nt cool ?
harmless , he remarked , that thing would strip all the flesh from your bones in fifteen minutes .
what exactly is holding that thing up ?
so why do nt you just bring that thing down here and give it to me .
you have only one thing left and he s mine .
she was standing up in front of this mantle thing that had pictures of her family on it , looking around the room at us , and kind of squeezing her lips together like she was trying to hold something in .
for a moment i felt a little panic drop in my stomach , but i stayed cool and said , ` ` did you read the whole thing ?
i yelled , ` ` this school is n't the only thing you screwed up , tammy ! ''
why is it in that white thing ?
he wears a white thing on his leg .
the poor thing will be traumatized once dillon has his hands on it .
prom is not my thing .
i ca nt play this thing .
the only dang thing in the entire building that matches something other than broken .
the castle was the only thing that seemed unchanged to me .
she had always loved summer dresses , she thought they were the most comfortable thing you could wear and still look cute .
that thing is nothing but a damn freak science experiment !
this thing should nt be able to fly .
do you see an off - switch on this thing ? !
you ca nt fly that thing !
he did nt let me carry a thing .
eman packed my things into the trunk warily and tenderly .
and where do you keep that thing ?
i hate that thing , nick .
it did n't look like the kind of thing a grandma would wear but it looked pretty cool .
he thought of vyvien , the watch had been the very last thing she had given him on their anniversary before her death and he treasured it although he had n't really liked it , too ostentatious for his liking .
i remember protesting , dad what s this , i already have a cell phone , what do i want that old thing for ?
he had been worse after that , after i had proven him right and it was unbearable , so the old thing goes with me everywhere now , i will give alice the nokia .
i saw yollie 's name sprinkled liberally throughout the three days ; noticed that she had babysitting duty first thing every morning starting at 6 a.m. tg did n't become involved until it was time for liset 's breakfast .
the diamond pendant my mother insisted i wore , a present and the only thing here from my father .
i gather up my ipod , books and anything thing else that will keep my mind occupied during the long drive .
but i knew he only had a thing for you .
they were the most expensive thing she owned , but their cost was n't what made them valuable .
` ` what do you have on that thing these days ? ''
` ` it 's the thing ?
should have turned the thing off from the start .
the wet thing slid down her throat and into her body .
hell , this thing is going to kill me .
you know , like the thing you say gods used to drink .
this thing is keeping me from thinking about about whatever it was that i had thought about for almost a week .
there 's a strange thing on the wall , a sign made out of two 3 one lying on the other 's back , and a straight line in the middle of them .
i keep putting things back into the suitcase but i keep holding the last thing that i should put back in .
do nt you dare throw that thing away !
trekking up that thing on a cold day was a bitch snow made it extremely hazardous .
i picked up the first thing i could find and wailed him over the head with it .
i think i hate that thing almost as much as his whistle .
straightaway , he blew the damn thing again .
mr . riverside was known for his frugalness and never updated a thing unless it was broken - beyond - repair .
could whatever this thing is , be leaving ?
i think having to wear that thing is punishment enough .
honestly , what that thing needed was a can of gas and a lit match .
speakin of snakeswould you look at that thing over there !
you drank the whole freakin thing !
i ca nt believe i need this thing already , he mumbled as he started at the rear of the car , sweeping off the windows .
put that thing down !
that little thing wo nt be of much use until its recharged , preferably with something stronger than sea - salt , he commented .
why the heck was that thing buried in , of all places , my backyard ?
so he did put that thing there , and probably the one in mikes car , too ?
how does this thing work , exactly ?
aside from the diamond wand of adamas , this was the coolest thing i d ever seen .
why wo nt this thing budge ?
why the thing that adamas hid many years ago of course , besides the wand .
even though i knew the dream was actually a memory the diamond had chosen to reveal , it would have been comforting to know if adamas was truly proud that i possessed the thing he treasured most , just as gallia had implied .
i was agitated by the thought of years passing by and the damn thing would still be sitting there .
i shook my head and thought , who knows where that thing is hidden ?
the whirling dial slowed back down as soon as i removed my hand , but i noticed that i d accidently turned the thing over .
you owe me one for digging that thing out , she added as her body did a quick shake .
tanner , put that thing away , she ordered in a whisper .
even though it was brass , i decided to kick the damn thing open .
i m glad to see you finally got that thing charged , and not a minute too soon i d be willing to bet .
i probably need to get some kind of holster for this thing a strange feeling came over me , so instinctively i reached back under my bed and grabbed my new moonstone .
i scanned through the entire thing and then started back at the beginning .
same thing , michelle said .
i have no idea what this thing is .
we have this thing in the bag , justin said .
where does this thing go ?
when i get out of this thing , you better move fast and get that picture , dizzy said .
where can we go and work on this thing ?
what does this thing mean ?
i am going to ride this thing and hopefully find the benches .
the thing he had ripped out of the girl 's chest was shining brightly , looking like something between water and mist , burning a blueish - white , but at its core , there was another color , shining brighter than the rest .
if you look , you can see the only thing around here that might suggest safety . ''
chapter two you re not going out in that thing , are you ?
it was the only thing i 'd kept of his after his death , a few sizes too big for me but just the right thing , distinctive , with a collar i could hide behind and so long it almost reached down to my feet .
it was the only thing i 'd kept of his after his death , a few sizes too big for me but just the right thing , distinctive , with a collar i could hide behind and so long it almost reached down to my feet .
she meant the smart black marks and sparks number from the days when i dressed stylishly , a thing i would nt be seen dead in once i became an art student .
so i was out of the house on my own , leaving the disappointed stephen behind , but was stuck with the bloody bicycle , which really was nt the thing to arrive at the bellingham on , not even if it was a racer with ten gears and tubeless tyres .
just stick the thing in the backyard and ill pick it up when i can .
the place was empty and quiet , just as i d supposed it would be , and i ran upstairs to get my things .
you go back a thousand years or so , griff , and there d be nothing out there but trees , silly things if you re innocent enough to see them that way , all fluffy at the top and gnarled at the bottom , but nonetheless tress as we know them .
the bloody thing must be caught on a ledge .
grab the fucking thing !
mccready picked up the nearest thing to hand , a bottle of washing - up liquid , and hurled it .
i d become quite fond of the silly thing , mccready smiled .
he nodded , started to pack away his things , as did rose .
and griff could nt stay either , he had to return the van to college first thing in the morning , so our party was split in two .
its about time they had this thing serviced , he remarked , as we coughed and juddered back onto the motorway .
in fact you should nt have made such stupid fucking things in the first place !
she was exhausted , physically and mentally , and she wanted to get to bed , to a soft springy mattress rather than the wooden thing she had spent the past six hours on .
' ah , the conditioner is the thing .
from goomer , if he would trust her not to sell the thing ; he had all the equipment , an enlarger as well as the camera and lenses .
ill need to fumigate the fucking thing before i can sleep in it again ! '
the thing is named hbot or housekeeping robot serving multiple duties as a pilot , a butler , a maid , and a spy , just one of many very personal machines all the nobles own , when i nod , giggling .
i hope this thing comes off easy .
my new thing , whining in princess piccolo .
to think , i do nt have a thing to wear , giggles .
dad , how do you play this thing so well ?
the other added , its just the thing to warm us up , miss just as you say !
he cried , swiping his mouth with the back of his hand , that s just the thing !
` ` it seems unnatural to build such a thing , '' the boy shook his head , disapproving .
the only thing on his person that truly denoted his birthright .
dyed my hair , wore glasses , that kind of thing .
i wished that vampire esp thing worked both ways so that i could read his mind .
my aunt was at the kitchen table eating lunch and watching john carpenters the thing .
meanwhile , basha and monika quietly crept forward towards the bird , which squawked angrily , yet the poor thing was quivering .
his heart cried out as he watched the cup float away , yet at least he knew that no one would ever die for that thing again .
it all happens before i know it , the man i presume to be levi is grabbing me and pushing me behind him for cover and ephraim is charging towards him in anger , he quickly pushes him out of the way and plasters himself against me , i would be relieved but now i am even further from the closet and towels i am so desperately wanting , my body is not visible anymore but i am acutely aware of the fact that the only thing between myself and the most beautiful man i have ever seen is a thin layer of his clothing and there is an irishman that wo nt stop laughing .
that kind of thing does nt just turn off .
you know the first thing the unifers bombed when they started taking over your country ?
ill get on it first thing in the morning .
do nt tell me you re going to swing on that flimsy thing ?
i m not getting on that thing , fiona protested and backed up the sandy shore .
i turn off my lamp and my computer , and the only thing that glows is my alarm clock .
i brought the plastic cover thing for it .
one thing i can guarantee , whether our bad guy is wayne or someone else , they are definitely in the room right now .
i m gon na find the damn thing and destroy it .
they re going to catch me breaking and entering and i still ca nt find the damn thing , i say .
tam takes ten good swings at that thing before passing the hammer to ryan .
i really do nt understand how ironically wearing something to make fun of it can become trendsetting and make the stupid thing fashionable .
i mean , if this thing shuts down her diaphragm so she ca nt breathe its not going to .
the whole thing , blade and handle , is carved from a single piece of some kind of rock .
that s the only thing i could find .
she used the ring , the very same thing i used to make the potion , to keep up her hex .
and what the hell was that thing ?
my finger did n't hurt at all , and i had n't touched a thing !
if he touched mr . harris with that thing , he would die .
bryn clenched her hand into a tight fist and broke the unnerving silence of the darkened park by asking , what did you call that thing ?
that thing was practically attached to her hand .
i m just a useless thing to you , right ?
the slimy thing expanded to a large handle , sticking out from the dark .
the briefcase i brought were full of important notes and documents that would help you trace the marked areas for the cure , while you were dressing up , i immediately searched all of your mothers things and found the necklace she forgot to tell me , holding the sacred key for unlocking your future .
i admitted that you were cute when you were a little baby , but once covered in blood , you will be the prettiest thing in the world , do nt you agree ?
he was distracted by the beautiful thing .
this was the only thing i had left of it .
check the briefcase first , maybe there are some clues to open this thing up .
yeah , i m going to miss that old thing .
the thing flickered at the end of my eye ; the familiar bright jewel that i had been holding to .
there s no way i can go to class without seeing what this thing is !
how much does that thing weigh , anyway ?
the only thing out of place at the moment was the empty wine bottle lying on the floor beside the couch on which my mother slept .
i bet she would nt mind getting off that uncomfortable looking thing for awhile .
my god if he keeps that up i wo nt be getting back on that thing anytime soon .
after doing up the strap she flips up the visor , do nt worry i handle this thing like a pro , you ll see !
you can start by giving me something i want right now ... and since it wo nt cost you a dime i am pretty sure it costs less than that stairway thing .
you did do real good for never setting that thing up before .
ya no hurry , well catch up to them no problem , pete drives that thing so slow .
he pulled the glove off and pushed his sleeve up , revealing his new mechanical arm , an intricate system of brass and silver that moved as naturally as the real thing .
you ll have to rebuild that whole thing from scratch .
it was a plain looking thing , with a bland hilt of dark rough leather and an undecorated scabbard .
see , that s the sort of thing i need for my research .
look at the way that thing zagzigs through the sky , clementine said .
bet you seen a lotta this kinda thing when you was over thereoverseas i mean .
where d ya get that thing anyway ?
where d ya get that thing , anyway ?
this thing come with lifejackets ?
this thing is getting heavy !
just had this thing serviced .
how much horsepower does that thing crank out ?
the song started playin before this thing fired .
the dress is the easiest thing to get .
i m going to train you how to use a pistol this afternoon , and a rifle and a couple of other things tomorrow , he says , throwing a small silver suitcase into the trunk of his car .
iicant think with that thing pointed to my head .
even with new batteries , the thing seemed to blink in and out .
a gold ring was sort of a neat thing to find .
he had been in shock , and had n't touched the thing since writing in it had torn open a doorway in his room .
oh , it had a spiralling staircase that led up several flights of stairs before ending in a door that , yes , led to a circular room , but the whole thing was done in this almost western style that seemed at odds with the castle - like section of this home .
however , the only thing that thomas could think of at the moment was the pink pyjamas that he had come in , which were packed away in his travelling bag .
who thought up this thing ?
then do you know how many have survived the seal in the history of the blasted thing ? !
a boon or a curse , that thing .
thomas grabbed for the nearest thing he could find .
i ve had a trying day and you are the just the thing i need .
ill have to assume that the thing just above my eye is a bandage and the pain on my back is where my opponent picked me up and threw me .
the only thing between the moon and intragalaxy is this wall .
he flung the thing on the bed and jumped up , staring at it .
here , you can have the damn thing back , justin said , proffering the coin .
what if i just knock the whole thing over ?
placing the eyeglass frame atop its head , so that the whole thing dropped snugly over its mass of decorated hair , the dwarf muttered and flipped through the worn pocketbook .
the whole affair they call rotha , and they seem to like it nearly as much as they like making things in the first place .
the back end of the thing settled into the muck with an expulsion of foul - smelling gas .
and then , if we get them all , i d be blowed to balla if the thing actually cooked right !
his hand encountered a taut cable of tissue that disappeared into a hole in the side of the thing , and he yanked the tissue free .
ignat held the thing up to justin for a closer look .
i m supposed to get in this thing , are nt i ?
funnel the excess outside so the whole thing does nt blow .
but somehow he got the thing loose and onto the ground he had to toss nameless down as well , for it was getting to be as bright as the salamanders guts then fumbled out the suitcase for it , flipped open the catches with the back of his right - hand knuckles , and scooped the stomach in .
this thing works pretty well , it seems .
my head hurts just looking at that thing .
i did nt mean to , of course , i was just practicing medicine , but i m not a real healer yet , i just took it up in the interim while there were nt any commissions , figured it would be useful , and it was is it is , is nt it , despite what stas says about it , he can be an arrogant prodder sometimes , but i saw your thing , and its not a root !
if i had been outside in that thing , i d be boiling hot .
hey , that thing loaded ?
and even then , the damn thing looked like a bird , a large eagle .
someone is remote piloting that thing .
the only thing in the immediate area was a waist high , black metallic pole that stuck up out of the desert .
the circular blast door was a huge thing made of steel and concrete .
does this thing have headlights ?
is this thing supposed to be going so fast ?
he was hooked up to an intravenous thing .
i had a few seconds ; maybe less before the damn thing blew up , fragmenting bits of red hot shrapnel in all directions .
it was out of control like the damn thing had been hit by an rpg , or one of those hellfire missiles .
we had the same thing .
we ca nt have this thing go out .
this place feels like it is rented and you might just run away in the middle of a session after grabbing a few things once the real owner returns with the police with me as bait .
do you know how many people have probably touched this thing ?
like the tunnel , it was obviously just one more thing that sis parents had prepared in advance .
so , chrissy ; do you think you ll have figured out how to turn this thing by then , or are we going to end up amongst the water slides and the fake bea oowww !
do you want to drive this damn thing ?
you mean like that thing mom stripped from the van ?
a sharp thing came across my face from the left , grazing the bridge of my nose .
the silent throbbing of that thing inside my rib cage was what i heard .
she ruins every single thing and it pisses me off big time .
then my eyes stopped at a particular thing on the wall .
a small , sharp pointed thing .
he came into my room and grabbed every single thing he saw and stashed them into a bag .
the only thing i have had the whole day was one andazi and samosa that caro bought us after class at four o'clock .
get rid of that thing . '
i do nt know how and why the thing had to pop up at a moment like this , when just yesterday it was as flat as young girls bare chest .
reys like , what am i gon na do with this thing ?
we will resume now and make a statement about this offense first thing tomorrow in homeroom .
ill do it tonight and give it to your girlfriend first thing tomorrow .
do we both put our hands on the thing ?
the boys would nt let me touch a thing .
every time he flashed his own pass to get out of recess , no teacher ever cared what the thing looked like .
we got rid of that damn thing !
with a belly full of fear , i swallowed my pride and called jace first thing the morning of rachels departure .
i wonder how your fathers people came across such a thing and if he knew what it meant .
you have all winter to tinker with this thing !
arvid made his way over to his guest as geo rooted around for the thing .
you got ta find someone who will take that thing tonight .
if i ca n't hawk this thing by then , i will freeze to death out there .
what , does that thing take the same keys as this , or does it have a code only ? ''
if seen on some of those storage shows that the guys just pick them up and drop them on the corner of the lid and it breaks the clasp ... '' ` ` no , this thing is heavy , and i ' m pretty sure everyone in the house would hear if we cracked it on the concrete , '' donny said .
` ` i bet that is the last thing around here with the logo on it .
watch my back while i get this thing off the wall . ''
she was surprised to notice another feeling , almost like she wished the pool had been just a tiny thing so she could nt really do laps in it , but she quickly shoved the thought away .
he cursed himself for not thinking to bring along some paper and his pencils , then shook it off , striding over to explore the first thing that had captured his imagination , the big flat rock .
ron grabbed a hunk of cheese , paired it with an apple slice and popped the whole thing in his mouth , washing it down with a gulp of water .
the funny thing isthe magical thing is , that when you intend to have something happen , and you let others know about it , and you start working toward it yourselfthings start happening , things fall into place to help you .
you better not hit me with that thing again , dork !
he d ignore it if some football hero was picking on a 6th grader , and freak out if you wore one little thing that was nt part of the uniform .
dad did n't let me stare at the whole thing for long , before dragging me off toward the side of the room where we pushed through another set of doors into a conference room .
` ` so is this thing , this metal ball still in your chest ?
i patted my chest where i thought the thing would be .
harry did n't know what was wrong with the thing , and the more and more time that passed i came to the realization that the car was n't going to get fixed .
that was the stonehenge - looking thing on the hill in the middle of the base .
this thing is open ! ''
` ` something 's the matter with this thing .
jack looked at the thing like it was made of diamonds .
it was the first thing she ever bought with the money she earned at her summer job .
i dropped the thing and covered my face with my hands , getting soot on my face .
the bloody thing still wo nt open , death wails miserably .
my stepdad , used to my breaking stuff , called , if you break one more thing before you leave you re paying for it .
is nt someone worried a stone will go through a window and bring the whole thing crashing down ?
now , she continued , before lisabelle could interrupt again , you are to report to astra dorm first thing after breakfast saturday morning .
unfortunately , the fountain was unstable , and when i hit it , the whole thing toppled over with me .
and take that thing off .
i have nt really chatted with the thing .
anonymous 3d street art is my thing .
` ` yeah , it 's a wire - mesh thing that opens up a heart artery .
it 's like the entire thing was transported directly from the 1800 's .
he told everyone it is off limits , supposed to be filled up with cement or some such thing to reinforce the old foundation . ''
` ` you 're telling me that a pretty little thing like you did n't have any other boyfriends while i was gone ?
the thing was hot .
i went to the movie theater , chose a scary movie because it was the only thing playing at the time and had my pick of seats in an empty theater .
actually there s this thing at a baseball diamond near here .
what , this old thing ?
that s the most expensive thing on the menu !
that thing hurt !
this hairits the only thing i still have that s mine .
the only thing we have nt seen on this site is the inside of bolts offices .
and here , he reached over to pass harry a slip of paper , is his photo of the thing .
he cast the useless thing aside , disappointed .
the structure appeared to have been made out of the branches of a bush , held together with a metal mesh , with the whole thing covered in white paint .
phillip looked at the smooth white thing in matthews hand before turning to his friends and seeing the disgust on their faces .
not only had it be extremely painful to have this thing imprinted on his skin , there were nt even any directions .
if the first thing is on my ankle , we must be the toes ... this sounds ridiculous , but it is the only thing we have to work with .
the amazing thing was , inside the eye of the thing , the tornado was silent .
i hate that thing , deyna muttered .
i made this ... stephen told them as he showed them the bamboo like thing .
there was only one thing for it ... they would have to venture into it .
and then we get comfortable and then death does something whilst we are up on these things ... are you sure you want to be on this thing when it snaps ?
the bubble will protect it and i want you to light this thing with these rocks !
but on one arm of the thing there must have been twenty suckers and the arms were everywhere .
its protests for oxygen , the kind he d been breathing , did nt fall on deaf ears , but he could nt get the bloody thing off .
they could nt run around it , the width of the thing was huge .
the dimensions of this thing bent all the rules .
okay , rather than walking to that thing , can someone go up ahead and see what it is ?
that was the only way to cause this thing any damage .
the more royden watched this thing the more he realized that it was actually an object of some kind .
royden took the thing in his other hand , which he could now see was a metal bucket , and smacked the gremlin away .
that thing could be anywhere .
a womans voice came out of the thing in his hand .
why have that thing here ?
royden lost his balance and hit the floor on all fours , afraid the whole thing might tip .
that thing must have been really strong .
royden got in the elevator and attempted to figure out how to get the thing to go up to the missing floor .
so i just go into the thing here ?
and this thing will keep me safe ?
this thing might be all he needed to find whatever badchis soul was kept in .
i m going to get rid of that thing .
he pulled the thing off as quickly as he could .
now what are you doing up here with that thing ?
after i stole the ring i found that the poor thing was so weak .
wow , that thing is strong .
i thought this thing was powered up .
the thing did seem rather weak .
the towers twin flight of steps , too , gave the whole thing a thickly curling trunk effect , for they alternately spiralled both around and inside it .
music came from the tower , like strings being plucked , like the steady vibrating of a drum like the wind whistling and singing gleefully as it flowed through the entire building , as if the whole thing were fluctuating with the movement of the world .
i assure you , wizard , the princess retorted confidentially , that my sheath is the real thing , not some copy as you suggest .
when prytani had finally removed the hard - baked figurine of tamesis from the little vixens funeral fire , the only thing left of nechtans collection of texts had been a charred remnant of his own notes .
my bed is the first thing i go to .
i only need one thing .
okay everyone time to get this thing moving .
yeah zohar we have to actually shut that thing down and make it impossible to go over for anybody other than us .
in the hallway , i grab the first thing i find - dad 's baseball bat - and creep down the stairs .
the thing that had until recently been mrs shambley had slumped forward revealing a bank of dials and controls .
so what s supposed to be wrong with this thing ?
but you d have to get past that great big spinning thing to get there , angelica pointed out .
you ca nt go round that thing , it stretches from wall to wall , and you ca nt go under it because its too low to the ground .
come on , you can take that stupid thing off , we all know who you are now .
but before i begin , would you mind pointing that thing in another direction ploppy ?
it all has to do with the construction site and that thing that we ve all been working on .
there s no way a thing like this could get off the ground , and even if it did , it would fall to pieces in seconds .
i mean , a few school kids and a couple of goblins against that thing ?
wait a minute , are you telling us this thing is the same as our atomic weapons then ?
it was on the wheelie thing an it sounded like , i dunno really , like someone clearin their throat or sommink .
you know that wheelie thing with them magic talkin pies on it ?
oh right , the thing in your mouth .
so come on boys , lets get this thing in position .
this thing does nt look like it ll to hold together much .
you were right , that thing really can go , said cassandra , watching the legs running off into the distance .
do nt worry , i ve got the perfect thing for this , broodangle shouted back .
he need to get this thing off , said plopbottle , pointing to the iron boot .
call it a new - clear - war - head , or some such thing .
i glance around and find that the men are wearing black jogging shorts and black muscle tops ; basically the same thing .
its a new thing i wanted to try for my next recipe submission .
the nurse had insisted that they each wear one before going in , along with a paper apron thing with sleeves and disposable booties .
this is the best thing i ve ever tasted !
she clapped her hands together in delight , well be able to start scanning the students first thing monday morning .
did he point that thing at you ?
if you do have a nanobot problem , then i have just the thing , the professor told her .
he pulled a set of keys from his pocket and unlocked the glass doors of several storage cabinets , then began extracting things : vials filled with a toxic - looking green goo , syringes , also filled with the luminous green substance , a odd gun - shaped device that looked a little like a trekkies phaser .
i want to try this thing .
chapter twenty - five i have to figure out how to make this thing work !
she wondered if he d ever tried the real thing ?
try to get that thing working while i disable their vehicle .
how many more times do you think that thing will work ?
will the staff at the kennard school want to be bothered with that thing ?
i wo nt let anybody even breathe on that thing !
he s not even going to see the thing !
it sure was , but i thought she threw that thing out when it stopped working .
but the thing was stuck and i was too scared to stretch my mouth open , afraid my tongue might fall out .
i thought about not using the ledge as a lift off point , i figured why not just jump over the fucking thing , but then i thought what if i misjudged .
same thing here , no sights , no grooves , no pins , just another completely smooth solid case .
after collecting my things , i looked to my place from my car and saw comfort inside cleaning .
what is this thing , '' i asked , as she grinned .
experiencing the feeling of being paralyzed , i started to visualize things , events , and places .
this intrigued me , as a patron entered a place of business i decided to scope things out .
i wanted to rip back my sleeve and tear the damn thing off my arm .
i had to return the thing to barry .
i just wanted him to take the damn thing , i did n't want to have to interact excessively .
all the guilt i 'd been feeling all day , and now to learn that he did n't want the damn thing ...
he slapped the thing away , sending it skipping across the room .
how stupid of me to bring the silly thing over in the first place .
if we could n't start and stop the engine manually , just how were we going to get the thing to run ?
the cargo hoppers were still empty , true , and we lacked fuel or even a fuel tank to hold it , but the frame of our train was on its tracks , and it required no imagination to see that the cordwainer was a real , solid thing a train that was going to take us all across the mountains .
playing rockefeller with your idiot chums is one thing stock options and profit sharing but you do n't actually think you can get across the mountains in that thing , do you ?
i sure as hell do n't wanta be on that thing when this one pops ... we do n't have a choice , fluky .
got to get the whole thing spinnin ' to pump fuel .
the fucking thing worked !
in that thing ?
what the hell is this thing ?
then what the hell is that thing ?
his blew up , but his sister built us- i asked you ' what the hell is that thing ' ?
hey , jos , point that thing somewhere else .
he turned to the men with rifles , you guys stay here and guard that ... thing .
the sun was rising in the sky and we were eager to continue our journey ... and ... well , the damn thing made him so happy ... sitting on the roof of the caboose holding the gun across his lap .
shit , shine that damn thing someplace else !
it was a silent testament to a past age of engineering greatness , that such a thing as the tunnel had once been possible .
we were expecting to have to haul your whole cargo all the way down off the mountain , but these tinker toys ... what is that thing ?
it was his sweat and blood and tears that hand gone into the construction of the whole thing .
they have been making her practice putting this thing together over and over for weeks now .
when are you supposed to set this thing off ? ''
i mean for only using plastic cups and their hands for tools the fucking thing rocked .
the giant looked around the boat for a moment he had a vicious scar about an inch long behind his left ear , as if someone had at one time tried to remove it and i had this horrible momentary vision of him smashing my ipod music player , the only thing , other than the beer , of any great value on deck .
when was the last time you took this thing out to sea , padre ?
he cried aloud in anger and bewilderment , and wandered about the place , seeking some shred of the things he remembered that were in the cottage , or any further sign of what had happened .
back to top 13 the faerie child as the lovers journeyed together back to avalon , accompanied by chiseller , rosa began to suffer the pangs of withdrawal from the apples of forgetfulness , and from all the teachings of false comfort in the void , and she was sick and shivered even in the heat of the sun so that calibur feared for her life , and by night she was assailed by demons that only she could see , and her womb cramped until she begged for the phagzagira to come and take it from her , and then fumbled to find a knife or any sharp thing , and finding none , broke down and wept for the child she had never had .
for over two weeks he had promised renee he would oil that thing .
colin shouted from the back seat , slow down , were gon na roll this thing .
hey check it out , he said , does nt this thing look like a church ?
the thing was straight out of a nightmare .
you do nt give a fuck about those astronauts , you just want to blow this thing up .
he looked down at his feet and then back up at me we should nt do this shit man , i m going to get that thing out of there .
the only new thing in the room was a vcr .
shed bought the thing at k - mart two months before for $ 185 .
she loved that thing .
she had the thing since i was like three or four .
i have to climb the thing twice a day .
why not just sell the thing yourself ?
he handed it to me and i thanked him and lit the thing .
besides anyone can become a notary public , tell them you re a notary public and sign the damn thing herb .
i want to sell the thing .
let me see that thing .
we finally threw the vines and branches back over the thing , and by the time we had the yard looking like it had nt been completely violated , the sun was up .
alright , michael said , gim me a flashlight , i want to check this thing out .
the guy was so fucking eager to buy that thing you would nt believe it .
i could nt do it man , i m feeling claustrophobic in this thing .
how much money is it going to cost to build this thing ?
the accompanist in a nightclub in what s left of las vegas , he plays piano for a singer named carrie masters , but the piano is nt the only thing getting played .
` ` call me first thing in the morning . ''
` ` that thing on your back . ''
` ` i dunno , there 's some metal thing stuck to your shirt . ''
what do you know about that thing ?
looking at the thing , patrick noticed it was nt the one with the ward keys .
cindy showed gratitude in her smile ; linda also lit the thing for her .
she did nt even want to touch it although there was probably nothing but water to be wrung out of the thing .
get that thing fired up and go to the web .
it would make sense the chamber we are looking for is at the centre of this thing .
i believe from the worried looks carl is giving what my friend here is wearing , it means this thing is made of havilah gold .
could you turn that fucking thing down ?
but fundamentally , this was exactly the same thing the nasa people would do when they d lose connection with a mars probe and they d spend weeks trying to regain communication with the damn thing .
99.9 % of problems could be solved by someone switching the damn thing off , and switching it on again .
his fucking deep node five server was the only thing missing , and this idiotic detective did nt give a damn .
how could the damn thing fail now ?
look , i had this thing i went to the cfo with .
in the last few weeks we ve seen a twenty percent drop in movie piracy , and that s thanks to our customers realizing and agreeing that they want the real deal , the true thing , not fake , destructive , low quality , virus infected movies downloaded from illegal servers .
` ` i love watching you try and bust a move on that thing , dad ! ''
the cashiers at the front wore the same thing , except theirs were nt stained with food .
i much preferred stocking the shelves with new arrivals and keeping things orderly and in place rather than listening to them .
i resolved that i was nt getting up and finally turned the damn thing off .
after my shower , i put on a housecoat and went digging through my closet trying to find the perfect thing to wear on my first day back to school .
i only meant , we probably learnt about it at school , but its not the sort of thing you use every day , when you re older .
its just this thing were doing here ; it got me thinking .
but for all the knowledge and bravado i d displayed in front of the other kids , i could nt come up with a thing .
lord knows what freaky thing she would put inside her moms head .
she cornered jacob , he announced he was going to his room to do homework ; clearly he was frustrated if he was offering to do his homework on a sunday afternoonselah reassured him that she most likely would nt be here long , and was just trying to be helpful selah began putting things together to cook a roast for supper , surprising eve immensely on her skills in the kitchen , she settled down after that as she sat at the kitchen table drinking her third or fourth cup of coffee .
he patted daniel on the shoulder grinning at him ca nt say that i blame you , she s a pretty little thing , and when i was your agewell i would nt have let too much stop me when it came to the ladies , if you get my driftjust make sure she gets better , you got that son ?
caleb looked at her , she was tall and thin , nothing but a slip of a thing , and it was hard to believe she was so powerful i would nt call them creatures , there are a lot of different things here , and ill start with the basics so as not to scare you too much , but do nt get me wrong this place is very dangerous .
selah could nt figure why her mom was talking about that old thing , she wanted to ask her so much just different kinds of threads , its truly amazing what you can create with different thread , do nt you agree .
he turned to daniel with an accusatory look , and you should nt be taking advantage of a young girl like that while she s grieving he hoped selah would nt go bad on him , know that she had no mother to steer her in the right way , he would have to keep an eye on her , she was such a pretty thing .
he went into the station paying for the gas , he came back out jumped back into the drivers seat , he turned towards her then said you better make sure you have you seat belt on , wouldn`t want you going thru the windshield when this thing takes off again .
she had even tried to change her plans for the dance with colby but he wouldn`t hear none of it , he told her it would be just the thing to cheer her up , he was sure of it .
so do you want to leave soon to go to my place , i have to get some things ready for the party , put away the fine china and stuff , he held onto selah hand , while laughing at his lame joke .
whenever one came , the three of us would troop into his study , which bridie insisted on keeping like a shrine , and shed read the thing to us .
anyhow , kevin saw the space thing come down because he was , at that moment , just opening the back doors at the bakery , starting his days work .
the fifth one to see the space thing , one who , incredibly , was johnny - on - the - spot where it came down , was isak nucifora .
it was the prettiest thing she owned and she kept it just for parade day .
isak thinks that , if it were nt for the sound , it might be a seat , fallen from a passenger jet a gently s - shaped thing like an open recliner .
and it made me even more curious about the woman who , maybe more so because of the sharp shadows , seemed a sombre , grim , worn looking thing .
the thing that fell from the sky in the night !
i m not saying i had some sudden revelation that this trek into the cane and finding the thing and isak nucifora and asaels vision of rita were in any way related to that unfinished something .
from the mysterious thing that we d found in alfs cane paddock , to isak nuciforas catatonic ride in amaltheas barrow .
i mean like a space junk thing ?
a space thing , johnathon was saying flatly , as though identifying a splinter in his finger a wood thing .
a genuine , crashed - down , feel - good , metal kinda sausage space thing , cranna !
but then , when i akshally come across it , i kinda sensed at thing uz jus scared !
an imagine its like that airplane stops bein a thing yer in an , instead , becomes a thing that s inside o you !
about the thing ?
the ring he also takes off but its the one thing he does nt throw away !
but really , what i should have been thinking of was the odds on the thing actually being dangerous !
* * * the thing was exactly as we d last seen it , but somehow more so in the daylight than it had been at night if that makes any sense .
it looks like some kind of a thing off a rocket !
the morning was still very young and cool and the shade was still on the thing , so i expected the cold reply of metal , which was exactly what i did nt get !
i pulled my fingertips away and put them against my arm , my neck , my face , then back to the thing .
even on that day , with the thing in his hands , he almost obeyed me , bending and holding it toward the ground .
his mouth fell open and he straightened up again , curious and alert , holding the thing in front of him like a giant , mis - shapen balloon .
instead , i tried the gentle approach , catching his arm , leaning in to catch his eyes and putting a hand against the thing to press it earthwards .
by the time i battled through , he was virtually hippety - hopping down the open headland , losing and regaining his footing without a care , holding the thing easily , though her top was more than a metre above his head .
somehow the lost woman and the lost thing had begun to meld together in his mind .
just a thing we found in the cane .
so this is his space sausage queen o sheba freakin thing ?
shouldn touch this thing ?
and then , of course , there s the thing ( or queenie , depending on who you listen to ) which is an issue in itself an object of unknown origins which , ( who could deny it ? )
want me to haul the thing away for yez ?
who you can see is absolutely distraught , poor thing !
there are lots worse places to leave things !
i heard you got a way with this thing , big guy !
alf drops the shattered thing behind the big tractor tire which will press it and all the little voices deep into the earth when he drives away from this spot .
and his space thing !
alf sees that the space thing is glowing orange around the wide part of its bell and , at the top , a patch of sky seems to have snagged ; blue - black , velvety and dotted with stars .
the engines still running and the lights are on , so he can see exactly where it is ; back by the space thing .
she fought like hell , poor thing ; to stay wake .
if you can get the shovel just right under their skin , just like this , j , the whole thing will peel right up , like picking a scab really .
tom had a family session with walter and his mother , mrs . rolson , scheduled first thing that morning .
and that was what she did , picking walter up first thing the next morning with an exaggerated thankfulness to all the staff for how wonderful they were .
there was some special button to push , something to say , or some damn thing to let the creator of the sick experiment know it was over , i know its a joke , i lasted this long , let me out .
one day she would grow out of it and they could just paint over the whole thing anyway .
a setting sun design on the west side faced the real thing .
a few minutes later , robbie noticed that somebody had fed the jukebox and called up some weird thing was it reggae ?
and then he stumbled on the tank , its fence rusted and falling down , moss growing on the stone walls between the tangle of vines that had taken over the whole thing .
i ve always thought it was an ugly old thing .
somebody told me once it would take a bunker - buster bomb to demolish the thing .
one javelin glanced off the shield ; another stuck into it and bent over , rending the thing useless in close combat .
you poor thing , silvestro said .
he yanked a sword out of one of the pirates sheaths , cheap thing that it was , andleaning precipitously out of the boatthrust the steel blade at the priest of orkus .
wow , this thing is heavy !
this thing is heavy , ' gadreel complained with a hint of nervousness .
i ca nt see through this thing .
' where did that thing come from ? '
you must go to sochi first thing tomorrow .
the only thing that could provide any interest was a blond wig , which had been laid on the top of the other things , as if tossed into the suitcase at the last moment before closing it .
i will uproot and burn it first thing in the morning .
that thing was huge !
we lived at the dacha and marina drove to work while i spent the days picking weeds , watering the greenhouse , fixing things and reading .
get this damn thing off of me !
i imagined him shooting that thing at me , and i felt it like he already did it .
the real thing , they said .
honestly , i think i might need to find that thing a new home .
i would be nice to see different places and things though , i thought .
sweetie , you do n't have to pay for a thing so you can order whatever you want .
we ordered our own drinks , i ordered a glass of ice tea , for an entree , i looked and ordered the cheapest thing .
and what is this big flower looking thing on the shoulder .
julie get that hideous thing off so we can go .
you look like a tramp in that thing .
then we loaded up the car and he took me to a little burger stand like place that was the only thing open and got me a strawberry milk shake as well as one for himself .
the only thing we have is that car and a tank of gas .
a roman theatre , now betty that has to be the greatest thing i ' ve ever seen , said wil and meaning it .
backpackers have access to cheap air flights , plenty of accommodation options , local transport easily identified using the internet , and today googling aerials of places to access virtual street scenes and mappings , using the computer for links to travel advisories , travel forums , things to see , things not too , and currencies in countries like australia , strong enough to increase their affordability .
backpackers have access to cheap air flights , plenty of accommodation options , local transport easily identified using the internet , and today googling aerials of places to access virtual street scenes and mappings , using the computer for links to travel advisories , travel forums , things to see , things not too , and currencies in countries like australia , strong enough to increase their affordability .
assuming a grandiloquent posture , right away she sings , nature tries always to adorn herself , to not be herself yet in each thing we may read the signature of all things .
now the only thing that looked out of place was the empty food tray atop her dresser .
oh , that poor thing , mary ellen glanced in the direction where clare had fled .
mr . william , if you make a list of some things you need for the night , ill have franklin run over to your place and pick them up .
the poor thing is still crying , but mr . hunter is watching over her .
poor thing , she must have had a rough night .
eat a bit of crackers right when you go to bed at night , and first thing when you wake up .
what s the password for this thing ?
if i could pick up this thing and shake it , he thought , every single piece would fall off .
sure enough , the thing capitulated into a heap that looked like a pile of leaves .
his shoes squeaked across the floor as he spun around , stopping only in time to tell his listeners that was the moment he normally would throw the thing .
he d studied everything he could find about the ancient beasts , and he knew this thing was nt any part of a mastodon unless one of them had learned how to work metal but it might be something just as impressive .
as he picked out more blackened splinters of soft wood , poncey told himself that someone had placed the thing there for a reason .
i looked everwhere for that thing !
you re gon na take that thing inside your house ?
you know , you could be stuck with this thing here for 20 years , poncey offered , leaning back in his chair .
look , i know more than you about it , and somethin bad is bound to happen if you do nt get rid of this thing .
anybody look inside that thing ?
i do nt think i could memorize this thing if i wanted to .
when i saw that you were spending so much time chasing rainbows with that silly music thing that you were nt finding a decent man , i thought i should step in and assist .
you make a little incision , you thread in a little catheter , you look up on the screen and move the thing around .
we watched the rest of the football game and dr . greco promised to make an appointment first thing monday morning .
there re girls for that , and this little thing is years away from that kind of use .
haley rolled her eyes and scrolled down to the pictures of her hugging the rock face in jeans and a shiny satin purple corset thing that could not have looked more out of place .
i know things about this place .
if i could just talk to her , show her what this thing looks like , teddie thought .
both had been suppressed by the u.s . forest service , but the dry undergrowth was still waiting for another storm to set things ablaze .
you ve had that thing along the whole time ?
just be glad that we ve been getting things ready out on the farm for years .
hey , ca nt you drive that thing any better than that ?
he began to gather up his things to take the major back to the main hospital area .
ah , yes , trying to find out what the hell this thing is .
in the far distance , see that gray rock thing shaped like an anchor ?
shall we say first thing in the morning ?
its certainly a heavy thing , he said , easily pulling away the bow .
are you going to follow me all day with that thing ?
that little redhead that just left here ordered the same thing .
before twenty years , we used to eat same thing with this man , with same little fruit juice boxes .
i feel this thing touches back of my neck and is still invisible .
maybe one missing thing is teacher desk .
just let it go it is a boring thing , i do nt use it , the same voice says .
that thing only makes your memory worse .
she reaches for the easiest thing she can eat , a bag of popcorn she bought at the drug store back on tuesday when she had to pick up her medications .
no wonder her hydro bill is too high well , too high for her , low according to grandmother when she leaves the damn thing on all day without using it .
dumpy thing .
the door looked the same to me ; its the only thing that did nt decay .
this was good entertainment , poor thing .
what s inside that thing that makes it feel so damn good ?
the first gate is the thing that gives us the feeling to want stuff , and the drive to get it .
do you know what to do with that thing ?
i do nt want that thing to go off in your face , she said walking toward the door .
he would go after those little varmints digging by that big concrete thing , although one of them must have croaked cause it really stinks .
i need a plan of action , first thing in the morning , the director said as they walked toward their cars , at least for a temporary fix .
i hope that thing is waterproof , he yelled to yanus .
for cryin ' out loud , toby , i have n't even finished preliminary testing of this thing !
` ` and then the silly thing did n't want to let go , but of course i had to take the mouse away .
the only thing the fbi can hold on to is their dicks .
a paper cup of soda was the only thing maclean brought with him when he showed up three - quarters of an hour later .
the bloody thing seems to have just vanished .
it was no surprise that the forgeries looked just like the real thing ; they were printed on the same type of press .
i m staying in the hoteli could see you first thing after breakfast .
as we speak , the rope around you is being held on a friction device , a figure of eight kind of thing .
that s all he was , a big stupid thing .
she smiled a come - hither smile , sure thing doc , and went to put in his order .
millie blurted it out without thinking , some pretty little thing ?
the large one said , she s just a bitty thing .
on saturdays and sundays she did not exercise but showered first thing and got dressed .
jenny smiled , sure thing millie .
i would have liked more upbeat music ; a little more contemporary country rock type of thing .
i took the liberty of getting the preliminary fire report and took pictures and sent them to home office this morning so they will have them first thing monday morning .
as a matter of fact i have just the thing .
it was one thing she had forgotten to buy .
make sure you go to the county clerks office first thing tomorrow and get one .
ned offered enthusiastically , you ve got to drive this thing .
ned was right it was a thing of beauty from a practical standpoint and it looked nice to .
terry smiled , sure thing , black please .
rob came in , sure thing .
millie said , cal we need to get together first thing monday morning and i would like to bring my deputies .
i never knew she had such a thing .
i m not touching this thing with a stick .
the thing folded like cloth but felt more like rubber .
she recoiled , thinking the thing was a baby snake .
the thing was thicker at the middle than the ends .
she dropped the thing .
anna stared at the black thing .
in our hunt we knocked over the thing robert made .
she saw her car registration and insurance papers and things from her trunk .
she covered things up with pine needles and ran back to the jeep , finding shad in the backseat this time .
the jacket and the logos were perfect copies of the real thing , as was the policewomans hat she carried in her bag .
heres the thing , mr mitchinson .
sure thing , hon .
he d tried an ankle holster , but it had bothered him ; it was easier to carry the thing in his pocket .
he says the thing is so large , they have to deliver it in parts then put them together onsite .
the teen girl jumped on the truck , ` ` you 're fucking awesome on this thing . ''
now git yer sorry ass up and help me put that thing down . ''
my god this thing was a wife , a mom .
not a thing to indicate who , or what , bilotti was about .
` ` it was the only thing i could find after our boat building business went keel up .
` ` i ' ve already set the table , only thing left is the salad . ''
` ` if the thing flies , i know where it 's based , who owns it , and how many hours left until the engines need an overhaul . ''
` ` no need to bring a thing .
when he spoke the only thing that moved was the cigar .
dad smiles , hey what is that pink thing hanging out of neewas mouth ?
hey what s that pink thing in her mouth ?
looking at neewa he asks , hey , what is that pink thing hanging out of her mouth ?
the kitchen window in the background was about the only other thing i could see .
she went to her small bag and removed the tiny tree and her other things onto the bar and perched nervously on a stool .
` ` yes , we 'll build things soon , but that place could become a hiding place for our enemies , '' i said .
he drank the whole thing .
he always preferred to use the real thing when on legitimate business , even if it was a british one .
do nt worry about it - just red tape , or another survey or some damned thing .
a quiet beer or three on the way home , and then watching the ball game on video , if the damned thing had worked , which sometimes it did n't .
he could never do that , and it would be a waste to throw the thing away .
if you re not careful , you ll arrange for me to have the real thing , the way you re going , responded anchor .
unfortunately , the thing caught fire and burnt out shortly after i left it at the bottom of the hill .
no ray , i did nt see a thing , if it was on a chair , possibly hidden by the table , i would not have seen it .
there pretty damn gorgeous do nt you think , the whole thing is less than the size of your hand , brilliant for a pocket sized self defence piece .
if we go tonight and stay in a local hotel , we can setup a hide first thing in the morning .
one round with this thing and you could grab anyones attention .
for the first time since my rescue , i begin to count what i ve lost ; thus far , two teeth and the thing i held closest to my heart .
when we swing by my place to get my car tomorrow , i say , can i go up to get a few things ?
no way we keep that thing from crashing .
and that s if we could ever find the thing , elena says .
i m also pissed because the damn thing wo nt break .
` ` this thing smells like greg 's last girlfriend , '' skinner says .
` ` oh , so you admit you like that ugly thing , huh ? ''
last year , we really thought we had the real thing .
the poor dog has cataracts so bad now , the only thing left for moving about is her nose .
he watches his friend smoke that nasty thing .
` ` i shot me one , but the damn thing got the slip on me . ''
the young men do n't know if they even hit the thing or not .
looking at the size of the thing is scary enough .
how can you touch that thing ?
he had work to do at the paper , but he d generously strayed from his usual diet of roots and berries and stocked the fridge with an approximation of actual , human food : free range chicken dogs and home grown tater tots , with an overwhelming supply of organic veggies to round things out .
now who would ve thought a little moppet like you d grow into a gorgeous thing like this .
of picnics and special events , that kind of thing .
my father is in his pajamasor pajama pants and a t - shirt , the same thing he always wears to bed .
` ` no , without collateral the only thing we could give you would be a gold american express card with a $ 2,000 line of credit ? ''
after i had two cups of coffee and was almost fully awake , i gathered my things together and went over to kurt 's place .
` ` i do n't know , it was the only thing that was clean . ''
` ` i ' m going to see him first thing monday morning but i do n't expect i ' m going to like what he has to say .
` ` your not going to keep that thing are you ? ''
jennings suggested we might bring gema in.see if she s heard anything , said paddy trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible , she could listen to the recording see if he missed anything , might also be a good idea to get a hold of that army newspaper the indos are printing just now , damn thing seems to be everywhere .
no worries sir , said george smiling , what s happening with the other thing ?
nothing in sight.in fact other than the odd hornbill , that bird endemic to borneo and a croc in the river he had nt seen or heard a darned thing .
feel the balance of this thing , he said , handing it to david .
you could take someones head off with this thing quite easily , said david thoughtfully , looking at jennie .
yabbut you can haul the darn thing back jen , he said laughing , if you want one that big ill go back and get the tractor and well tow it back .
he wo nt take this thing with harry and peter lying down you know .
i ordered the bloody thing almost a year ago and it only turned up the other day .
better be careful with that thing , said george smiling nodding at the weapon , someone might get their nose out of joint seeing something like that out in rural herefordshire , terry ok ?
its bloody freaky .. theres even a sort of shrine thing at one endtheres a bloody skull on it for christs sake !
better i stay here , i only have to come back first thing in the morning .
if i was nt wearing that thing at all times then i would be in mortal danger .
he reached out and gently pulled her hand away from the element thing .
this darn thing is an unregistered pre - pay whatsit .
burn the frigging thing down !
on the opposite side the same thing .
he risked the dirt road that had a seven - hundred - foot drop on one side and a rocky gorge on the other.it was no easy feat to drive safely on that thing .
she knew from experience that if she pissed him off twice in one week , her face would not be the only thing that he would bruise .
yeah , yeah , sure thing , ivan , chad said .
back away from the door , sweetheart , i m going to bust the padlock on this thing , ivan said , swinging the ax back in his hands.he fell backward to the ground with a hard thud .
what about photos and that sort of thing ?
finally , perhaps some of you technical chaps could arrange for suitable tracking devices to be installed briefcase , car , that sort of thing .
because he d read the bloody thing , that s why !
we have arranged for their technical chaps to be working on the bridge tomorrow minor repairs and a bit of painting , that sort of thing trying to bug the thing to pick up what s said .
they ll be able to keep an eye on your mother from inside their little tent thing , while they fix the phones !
he just prayed that the thing was not bugged or booby - trapped in any way , as he carefully picked the lock not even a combination .
is that the thing that broke soon after it was switched on ?
in time , each accelerator might be extended to 15 miles , making the whole thing over 30 miles long .
as for the things i d left behind , he was referring to a habit of mine of leaving a small cache of weapons , documents and what have you behind in places where i operated and might one day return .
it looked like the type of thing into which one emptied the oil when doing an oil change on a tractor or motor vehicle .
employing basic precautions against tampering and theft meant that i had secured the case with a titanium lock and then put the whole thing on the luggage rest next to the closet with a travel tilt alarm carefully balanced behind it .
the peephole lightened again and i made a mental note to explain to aferdita why it was a good idea to block the thing over on the inside with something she could move aside thus not allowing someone outside to know she was at the door .
i did nt see a goddamned thing .
you re the hottest thing on the show already .
you re the new , hot thing going and the fans love you .
he s the freshest thing in wrestling right now .
we need to shut this thing down , max spoke into his headset .
it ran straight up for a few inches where it met the blade , then the whole thing curved back slightly as it reached its tip .
how long had this thing been in here to have this much dust ?
if even looked like he was wearing the same thing .
you re really fast on that thing , monson stammered this through puffs of air as he struggled to keep up with the wheelchair .
in 1986 , home computers were the in thing .
then he drags me over to his old tractor trailer in the back of his house next door , and the thing was full of even more stuffdouble what i had seen in the store !
you ca nt just drive this thing down nc64 in the right - hand lane !
that thing must be from the stone age .
to answer your question , preston , i believe that every electrical thing in california , or at least in the l.a . area , has stopped working .
my 30 - year - old electric razor is the only thing that works in that whole damn piece of junk out there .
does that thing have carburetors in it ?
it was as dead as the generals fancy air force plane , and preston felt sad seeing such a thing of beauty totally helpless .
i m thinking about clearing the hangar of aircraft , getting a bulldozer from you , joeyou still have that old thing you helped me clear the trees for the runway do nt you ?
the damn thing smelled like straw , canvas , or dust .
the thing was so small .
she was a small tan thing with dark hair and darker eyes that caught the flash of the camera as if it turned her pupils into pebbles of pure onyx .
got ta wonder how good that thing really works .
the house she purchased there was supposed to be a rental property and it was the first thing she had ever bought with her working money .
he bent down to slide the thing backwards and forwards repeatedly over the floor tiles .
we thought the whole thing was absolutely dead in the water .
i suppose we do just want you to buy it , this damned flash drive thing .
i love my husband very much and if i do nt get that thing back , i m in trouble .
just get me that thing back .
he looked at the dvd player , an old - fashioned one , and saw from the display that the thing had about half an hour to run .
he said into the phone , you must want that thing pretty badly .
at the bottom was a clear document sleeve , the kind of thing that excites a certain kind of teenage girl more than zac efron in jockeys .
it was a little flash drive thing , a memory stick you know , like you get with computers .
what s on this flash drive thing that s so valuable , anyway ?
it all looked old - fashioned and extremely peripheral , the kind of thing you get in a local paper on the last proper page before the furniture advertisements and the coded personals for local toms .
then put that thing down , said st cloud , in a voice that sounded strange , even to him , and go home .
it was a beretta 380 , a neat little thing .
when she came back downstairs , she wore a little white thing , which started high on the right thigh and wrapped around to the left shoulder .
i m in first thing , i can run it then .
she patted the top of her computer to show her complete dominance over the thing , over the office , over the business .
she wore nothing except for one of his shirts , an old white thing that came down almost to her knees .
nancy looked at me with sympathetic eyes that said , oh , you poor thing .
i should think he suffers from asthma : he s got that thing on to keep the beijing smog out of his face .
any old thing .
there may be all sorts of things sticking out of the pier , and the wash of the next boat coming in could cause enough of a bump to blow the whole thing .
there may be all sorts of things sticking out of the pier , and the wash of the next boat coming in could cause enough of a bump to blow the whole thing .
andy is an antique dealer but uses this shop for the spillover , things that do nt sell in orange county are brought down here .
they were colorful little things with the word mejico written on them and were painted the color of the mexican flag , green , red and white .
the damn thing can pinpoint up to 36.5 inches of accuracy on the ground from satellite .
mike , heres the thing .
we became friends after she bought some things from my shop in orange .
blanche , can you drive this thing ?
maybe i would nt have needed to forge it if you had just signed the damned thing .
does that mean you ll take that thing down ?
dennis listened for any telltale signs that the call was being somehow recorded or traced , but he quickly realized that short of what he had seen in bad spy movies , he did nt have the slightest idea what such a thing would sound like .
seemingly satisfied that the tea was to her liking , and thus would be to dennis , elspeth placed one cup on a matching saucer and handed the entire thing over .
oh , yes , a neat little thing , that , said elspeth .
ill come by first thing in the morning .
he could see now where the seam blended into the carvings , making the entire thing look like a solid piece .
how many times have i asked you to take that thing down ?
sometimes it takes a lot to get things going , especially when the wood is really hard .
the whole thing toppled with me when i tried to catch myself , and it brought a few of the chairs down with it .
the damned thing just kept turning up , did n't it ?
lets at least find the stupid thing , okay ?
how s that thing feel , then , september ?
he lives and works in the san francisco bay area , where a video game company pays him to break things and then brag about it .
here it is , small and ornate , a subtle thing .
unfortunately , after the festivities were over we were in no state to smuggle the thing back into the lab , so it ended up in my rooms .
well , this thing you would have after you administer your formula who would it be ?
but perhaps he had managed somehow to smuggle the thing into his rooms already .
the customer was going to cut the thing up , after all .
only the living warmth of wests arm where it touched mine behind the corpses back kept me from giving in to my revulsion , dropping the thing and running away .
here , hang onto these tubes while i clamp this thing on .
what did you say to halsey when you handed him that thing ?
he put the thing on and demonstrated the trick of the quick turn that made for a dramatic swirl and flash of blue .
this was just as well , since the only possible thing i could have grabbed was the shelves , which would have brought them and the heavy glass jars they supported down on top of me .
troubled , and feeling guiltier than ever , i replaced the thing in its case and closed the drawer .
she did nt have much , of course , poor thing .
as to where the thing might have come from , my guess would be sefton asylum .
before i could say anything , he grasped my right hand and slid the thing onto my finger .
he put the deadly thing on the bedside table , next to the spectacles i had placed there already .
you pull on one thing and six others come flopping out .
his kilt was missing and the only thing left covering his dignity was a large , furry sporran .
now , at the end of two hours , only three of them could actually put the thing back together again after he had taken it apart and he still had n't managed to get them to understand why the weapon had to be kept clean .
perhaps his trainees would take weapons care more seriously if he had allowed them to fire the thing .
not difficult for the defence to sow the idea that morton might have been more than a little angry when he saw what flinders was doing and attacked him with the first thing that came to hand .
in contrast to every thing else the lighting was modern , with black angle poise standard lamps and black metal wall lamps .
i hope i ' ve cut the fucking thing off , i hope you bleed to death .
it was his opinion that the only thing they had ever given to the world was reggae and that was no gift .
bloody hell , what s wrong with this bloody thing ?
hah , remember that crappy old thing , the commodore 64 .
court documents , newspapers , that sort of thing . ''
` ` ca n't you go any faster in this thing ? ''
` ` i think this thing is hollow . ''
` ` you have no right to that rock thing .
` ` it took me just a second to spot the rock thing on the bedside table .
` ` mr sirenne , i just need a little thing from the truck .
` ` the thing we set out to find is finally ours : leblanc 's journal .
his pistol was a small stubby thing , probably a back up .
` ` keep going , push the motors to the max and power up all the sensors on that thing . ''
the whole thing smelled fishy .
the map he used was a strange thing , tattooed with a dark red ink on a piece of leather with a skin pattern he did not want to recognize .
stupid thing 's all automatic .
my rage boiled over and i exploded into action , grabbing the nearest thing , a desk , lifting it over my head and throwing it at him with all the energy i could muster .
but now he had to go back to the new land and see if the darn thing was still where it had been placed .
like those overly - complicated souffl recipes , the thing tended to collapse at the worst times .
if he did n't find the one book at oak island , there was no telling where the thing had ended up .
how can you drive this thing ?
now i knew this thing was definitely not my wife .
the lot of youof uswouldnt last five minutes with that thing up here .
screeching , it 's not flowing , sometimes i just want to smash this fucking thing .
the silly red thing . ''
anna shut the phone off then woozily stood up first thing in the morning to vomit before father nash was awake .
he relaxed ; the damn thing had made him jump .
someone pointed that thing at you there was no point in fighting .
we could search all week and not find this thing .
where the hell did that thing come from !
whatever this thing is , it could very well be a shitload of explosives , possibly on a timer .
so all of you , move quickly , be thorough and just find the bloody thing .
the damn thing could be anywhere .
the woman quickly swiped all her things off the coffee table and laid on the table spread eagle .
yeah that game is the only thing so far that i have that ties the murders in nebraska to the ones in new mexico .
signs of struggle , her things have been thrown all over the place .
i will try to see if we can boost the power in this computer thing to trackyourfriend .
she was a portly thing , but the resemblance to her elder sister was uncanny .
i hate it when you get on that thing .
if i ve learned one thing in what has turned out to be a truly sorry life , its that deception only brings loneliness .
they were the only thing he owned that could be considered soldierly .
i could nt reach him through the open car door , so i grabbed the only thing i couldhis neck .
she s a smart , sexy thing who was dealt a bad hand in life but plays her cards well .
aww , poor thing .
by the looks of things , i ransacked the place and then had a little fun with an axe .
ah , man , that poor thing .
the tire wrapped around my fucking axle and i had to pull over on the side of the road and cut the damn thing off .
i told her i lit that thing on fire being dumb .
that thing on your belt is called a radio , dummy .
did you talk to our friend about that thing ?
he said the whole thing was a frame job .
it seemed like a ridiculous thing for a corpse to be wearing .
i set the leather covered , pocket sized book aside , knowing this was the type of thing we were looking for .
and the only thing he was wearing were these white speedosfirst i thought it was his underwear .
and not wearing a thing !
skateboarding , like skiing , was not really my thing .
do nt think i wo nt use this thing !
academics were not my thing .
first of all , i do nt owe you or your dad a thing .
i do nt owe you or your dad a thing , you understand me ?
you need to swipe this thing to gain access .
hey , how s the gas mileage on this thing , steve , i called out , with a huge smile on my face .
who would send such a thing , and what were they trying to imply ?
who would send such a thing ?
even cosmetologists have trouble telling the difference between them and the real thing .
after all that hard work i ve put into that damn thing , it better be perfect .
it took him nearly half an hour to return with the thing .
in here were things like couches , coffee tables , and a vending machine .
oh poor thing .
give me back that thing .
and even if i try , it looks like i can not get higher with this thing .
i recall that i had to run back to fetch the thing .
she went to sleep with that thing because she wanted to be available for him around the clock .
just to be sure that if she lost the thing , nobody would be able to use it . ''
no idea where he has put that thing .
shall i ask how you got that thing ?
that thing travels at 2,700 feet per second .
when matt damons character mike mcdermott , heading for a poker table , said , heres the thing .
point that thing somewhere else , rick !
see , that s the thing , added martin .
the whole thing exploded .
and what s with dropping all this in my lap first thing in the morning , anyway ?
still working on that thing ?
its just a thing , peter .
see , heres the thing .
who the hell keeps that kind of thing in his house ?
he was also trying to get something thing out of his bag .
the hard part came when he leaned back into it , reaching for the thing he 'd seen .
with a squealing noise , he yanked the thing into place , and then he hauled himself up on top of the wall , with no time to spare .
the thing was damp and slick , and it shook with his weight .
he peered out of it sidelong , and saw the black van down the street ; he could n't see the whole thing , just the front where it poked out of the side street .
you can take a little broken ugly thing , stand at the right angle , and see it as beautiful , as glorious as a rose and as a star . ''
he wanted to throw the thing back in belles face .
he retrieved it , and sat up in bed , squiz in his lap , and together they examined the thing .
this thing is a floating hotel , and i ' ve never been in a hotel where the manager did n't keep a spare key , in case a guest died in her room , and he had to get the body out before it stunk the joint out of business . ''
` ` groggin skogs , '' she said , dropping the thing on the shelf , and wiping her hands on her top .
so take the jubbling thing !
i need a change of clothes and i have to see detective leech first thing in the morning to sign my statement .
ill call you first thing when i get the green light .
he felt like smashing the whole thing .
how am i supposed to use this thing ?
almost tasted like the real thing .
when i saw another woman wearing the same thing , my guessing was put to rest .
but the damn thing would nt close .
but , of course , the only thing behind him was the sideboard , an open decanter , and his empty tumbler .
he s the closest thing i have to a mentor in the chamber , patrick began .
it 's not likely to need more than a stray ember to ignite the whole damn thing .
neither have i. i m not sure how many people have been lucky enough to find the real thing .
at least i assume were watching the same thing .
he was checking things out along the dirt road for a hiding place for his car and an escape route in case he had to get out of there in a hurry .
he patented the thing , and next thing you knew , he was ` ` president '' of permian basin petroleum .
appraisals , provenance of the pieces , that kind of thing .
over the years she 'd knocked out half a dozen books on technology and the american workplaceoffice automation , computer - aided design in engineering , robots and computer - integrated manufacturing , that kind of thing .
promoted upstairs or downstairs or some damn thing .
the whole thing was encased in a glassed room with ( i assumed ) critical temperature and humidity control .
they 'd signed the damn thing , not me .
you updated the thing about a month ago when i switched all her money out of stocks and into money - market funds . ''
and the damn thing automatically went up ten points .
` ` matt , take my advice and get out of this thing .
then i proceeded to point out a few interesting featuresthe nice curve of the face line , the burl grain , the shinto deities on the elliptical tsuba hand guard , that kind of thing taking care to keep it out of the damned bubbles .
that 's when i finally realized the thing was a copy .
a couple of jiggles more and the thing began to revolve under my hand .
i mean , the darned thing was just lying there .
i do n't know how long it took to read the thing .
` ` matthew , the ministry is the closest thing japan has to a strategic deterrent .
just enough time to salt the thing in the inland sea , let his high - tech research team fish it up .
but whatever it is , i do know for sure we 'd better get the thing somewhere for safekeeping .
then we headed for the teleconferencing center , where we planned to open the thing , scan the contents with a reader , and bounce the pages to new york via satellite .
` ` that thing says 3:28:37 . ''
by god , the thing seemed to be working .
` ` you and asano - san stole the only thing i could have used to stop him .
` ` tam , pass me that thing . ''
how do you operate this thing ? ''
turn that thing off and come in for a drink .
he hated the damned thing , thought it made him look like a giant high - tech moth .
the thing had to be some internal play . ''
` ` you still have n't decoded the damned thing . ''
` ` if this thing is supposedly ready to fly , then i 'll fly it .
just let me sign that damned thing and give me the keys . ''
we ' ve got to blow this thing .
i ' m very seriously thinking i may just refuse to touch the whole thing .
you should see the ecm equipment on this thing , the electronic countermeasures for defeating hostile surveillance and defense systems .
` ` well , if life 's as simple as you make out , then why did you insist on alex 's friends at the soviet embassy lending you that thing ? ''
i ' ve always thought that when they switched over from the original wooden stock to this metal contraption they positioned the damned thing too high .
so why do n't you take the damned thing and get out of here .
this thing 's for real .
probably should have left the damn thing off , he 'd often lectured himself .
if you go with the sentrax system , made by an outfit in switzerland called cerberus , you can have the whole thing linked to a central console that displays the layout of the perimeter on computer screens . ''
you know perfectly well that damned thing only runs once a week .
what was it , that thing half - buried in the trees , about two - thirds the way up the mountain ?
it was a classic wooden vessel , which meant that no sooner had he finished varnishing the thing from one end to the other than he had to start over again .
and have the damned thing traced . ''
` ` i thought this thing was only for transmission .
now , how about leaving that thing on long enough for us to get out of here and back up the hill ?
the thing 's a little too obvious , sitting out here in plain view .
` ` retsina would be the thing , but this will have to do . ''
he 'll use the fujitsu in command to blow this thing , but it all has to be synchronized with the trajectory control . ''
` ` but get that damned thing out of here . ''
` ` i guess this thing '' suddenly , as abruptly as it had begun , the gantry halted , its steel wheels screeching to a stop along the tracks .
why not just short - circuit these wires and let the thing 's own safety system shut it down ?
` ` look , i ' m going to shut this damned thing down right now .
` ` we need to get moving before this thing gets ripped to pieces . ''
this damned thing is hot , '' austin continued .
if that thing is controlled with plain old uhf the cyclops may just set it off before it ever leaves the pad .
just shut the damned thing off ? ''
how about trying to remove that bomb '' he pointed up at vx-1 '' before that thing goes up ? ''
` ` buddy , i do n't want to be hovering over that thing when the cyclops kicks in .
he 'll probably set the thing off by accident and blow the entire island to a spray of cannon fire kicked up a line of asphalt next to where he was standing , and he retreated for cover deeper behind the cinderblock portico .
he wondered , and does this little toy helo have enough lift to yank this thing out of here ?
the damned thing was useless now , and harmless .
` ` all right , morton , get caroline in here first thing in the morning .
this green burial thing .
and you do nt want to be pointing that thing at me , son , dooley said to the shooter , who was spitting blood and aiming in the wrong direction .
just how armor - plated is this thing ?
if i can figure out how to put this thing in manual .
he passed me this thing and i took it .
but what did bother him was finding someone in his office first thing in the morning .
i had an imaginary handle on the situation , a means of expressing reasonable doubt , but the civilised voice of marwan the philosopher was a weak and feeble thing .
go get the dirty fucking thing .
but despite my sudden conviction that i could be like them i found that i could not touch the thing .
even then , amid all of these questions , i knew full well that if it was a question of going home or staying here , i would try to use the thing .
but if you re going to look like the real thing the militia guys will expect to see you armed .
jesus christ , this thing is like the bible , jeremiah said , unfolding the map .
if people had a song that played for them when they made an entrance like this , hers would be something like beautiful girls by van halen or you sexy thing by hot chocolate .
the fuck lamp was this absurd thing they d bought when they did a show in vegas .
well , that s the kind of thing you do nt want back if someone took it , i m guessing .
the damn thing was that massive .
he pummeled his body against the bed , wanting to be untied , wanting this disgusting thing out of him mouth .
he would approach her from behind as she did the dishes , wrap his arms around her soft body , grope her , smell her skin , and shed drop whatever thing was in her hand and turn around , pressing her body against his like shed die if she did nt do it quickly enough .
he made sure every single thing was back in its place before he picked up his keys and headed to the door .
what s the fastest thing man ever made ?
you saw the eyes on that thing .
no one on earth would build such a thing .
he looked over his shoulder and saw the supergun look at that thing .
they ran around the entire thing looking for a door .
how can we fly this thing if there s no control panel to push any buttons ?
that thing came out of nowhere and hit us the general looked up at the saucer flying out of control there must be a smart alien flying it , making it look as though its dumb , interesting trick what happened sam yelled out .
look at that thing .
it was nt hard to line the thing up .
how are you flying this thing ?
i m not flying this thing at all , its flying itself bobby looked over his shoulder at the three aliens and quickly looked back towards the other boys guys , do nt look now , but those aliens who were lying on the floor of the ship .
heres the thing , forte said .
phut stayed well behind , he would not do a thing to endanger sithayus life .
money , jewelry , luxuryany damn thing on the face of the earth !
this thing , we are dealing with he started , is a dinosaura mosasaur .
that sweet old thing she lives right in your neighborhood .
i focus on the pain the only thing that 's real the old familiar sting try to kill it all away but i remember everything johnny cash , performing nine inch nails , hurt chapter 6 the badge of the sublette county sheriffs department was really a simple thing , made of something like thirty percent silver and the rest pruett did nt know what .
the ranch house was more of a cabin , with dilapidated , uneven logs and large , incongruous patches of mud holding the thing together .
you promise juanitas name never gets in this thing .
i want this thing disposed of , pruett said .
i d take those papers and things out of there , then , and well take er out back in the trees and make sure this bitch never hurts anyone ever again , said whitefeather .
except this thing here is closer to a cup of water than an ocean if were talking about proportions .
` ` and then when he was done with her , he d pass her around to his friends and let them use her as a play thing . ''
the damn thing was nearly three inches squared and weighed as much as bill gates bank balance , but jay liked it and wore it proudly .
all the while i d be hanging on to this thing for dear life and screaming holy shit . ''
i have to bring a few things from my place , you want to help me ?
have nt touched anything except that thing on the desk .
that thing seems to be the murder weapon .
that property of ours is the only thing we have and it 's worth half a million dollars .
` ` jesse , i ve told you not to play that thing in my room !
what the hell was that black thing ?
why the hell was i wearing this thing now ?
what if emmy ca nt see the thing ?
heres the thing , emmy .
i devoured the entire thing .
you think the thing is real ?
i think i know just the thing for you .
he removed a corded metal teapot looking thing and set in on my desk , then put a couple small ziploc baggies stuffed with herbs beside it .
its a rickety old thing , bounces when you walk across it .
the damned thing was i could nt pinpoint its location .
her soul was in that fucking thing ; it was her american dream materialized .
maybe she never considered that our souls were in that fucking thing too , only for us it was more of a sentencing than an american dream .
the vessel full of memories welcome aboard let 's take it all in , everything so well preserved , in the words of poetry , so well written , that it now begs to be read , that 's where you come in , my new best friend , the reader , of the strange new possession , that is this book , i could tell you how much it tore me apart , to share with you the words , and the memories that i have , within these pages but should i do that , you 'll know more than enough , that maybe you 'll debate on walking away , that maybe you 'll put this down , and decide that this is n't for you , and i do n't want to lose you , so early on , i would love to let you in , on a few secrets , but of course , i wo n't share it all within the first pages , because , i ca n't let you in too much right here , after all this is the beginning , there 's so much more than this , wrapped up and bound , in the pages of this collection , it 's a promise , as twisted as this will sound , i want to promise you that this book , will be something you ' ve never seen before , and it 's likely that you may never see something like it again , this book will take you down dark alleys , where you should have packed a gun , it will take you down well lit hallways , where good will triumph over evil , and then there are other places , these places are so deep , so dark that trying to put , the essence of those pages into words themselves , could very well be impossible , but not completely so , you ' ve noticed that the title of this book , more than memories i ' m sure , and there 's a just reason , why i would put such words on the front , and that reason is so very simple , more than memories fits , so well , because the book that you now possess , is full of memories , full of insight , here 's to hoping that you enjoy it , and consider this an opening shot , that 's being fired , because i 'll warn you now , you re in for a hell of a ride ... . ghetto girl the door slams shut , as she lifts herself off the bed , for the umpteenth time , the bruises around her eyes , starting to swell , she walks to the mirror behind her door , a mirror that 's told her story for years , and she touches her face , she feels the bruises , swelling faster and faster , she 'd like to think back to a simpler time , one when her life was n't so bad , but she ca n't , her life has been hell since she can remember , and it only continues to get worse , she sits back on the bed , her face bruised , beaten and battered , her insides scared from the abuse , living in the hell she has been , downstairs the screams echo upward , her drug induced mom , screaming slurs , claiming that this shit hole is below her , but that 's a nightly rant for her mom , her dad yells , in his alcohol induced rage , that the world does n't put her on a pedestal , from above our girl listens , and is scared , the footsteps come back up the stairs , in her head she knows what 's coming next , it 's the never ending cycle of abuse , verbal , physical , sexual , it 's how her dad always gets when he 's drinking , the door bust open , and before she can stop it the hand is at her mouth , and he forces her to the bed , she cries inside , but it 's been like this for nearly four years , after he 's done he gets up , taps her chest and thanks her , before stumbling out of the room , she cries herself to sleep , praying for a better tomorrow , school is no better , people just do n't seem to care , she keeps to herself , as she walks the hallways , only wishing that she had a friend , she sees everyone in their happiest of moods , and wishes that was her , that she could live the life , of someone who managed to be , beautiful , the abuse continues , as the months roll by , some weeks it 's so much worse than the others , she does n't know how to make it stop , does n't know how to make it go away , then one day as sunlight shines , on her dim and dark world , a friend comes along , wanting to help her , but even this path will be a dark one , at first it seems like a great idea , leaving home to be with her new friend , but soon she learns that there 's more to this , then meets the eye , that night she gets her first taste of the underworld , first it 's the joints , with the smoke swirling ever higher , it takes her places , where her problems do n't exist she did n't think a place like that was real , but soon it 's not enough , and she learns that there are other things , to hide away the pain , and the nightmares , so she asks for more , next comes the spoons , melted and polluted , with cocaine , her heart leaps at the chance , to escape ever further , but as she climbs higher , so does her tolerance , as it all loses its effects , i need more she cries , as she 's gotten used to a world with no pain , next in swirling despair , comes the needle , one so trivial and evil , that she does n't even realize , what 's about to happen , the heroin takes hold , and spins her out of control , further and further it goes , she ca n't stop it now , as her heart feels the greatest it 's ever felt , she feels like life ca n't get any better , everything she 's wanted , right at her finger tips , an escape only ever , a phone call away , time ticks by , and soon her body begins to turn , but that internal fire , was something she never bargained for , and she wants to escape again , they told her it was the be all , end all , and that she would never feel , this great again , they told her she had to try , so away she went , into a world that was so dark , that no light could save her , but she felt great , greater than ever in fact , the meth took hold , and further out of control , she could n't stop herself , and in her mind she said , that she did n't want to , but with her , as reality always seems to do , came crashing down around her one night , the phone rang , and her freedom was gone , her friend had found herself on the wrong end of a bust , jail time was a sure thing , she had learned that from her time in the underworld , but the worst part was now she had no one , all the junkies they knew , were n't her friends at all , so she went back to the torment and torture , of everyday life , continual abuse , and put up with it she did , until withdrawal caught up with her , she heard the arguing , hours in advance , and knew he was drunk again , she had taken time earlier while they were out , to plan for just such the event , he came up the stairs , and threw open the door , he was already trying to come at her , when she pulled the trigger , once , twice , and a third , all the shots rang out , loud and angry , and with each one she felt , more liberated , then the last , she rolled his body off to the side , and spit directly in his face , that now lifeless face , it felt so , so good , but there was more to be done , she walked downstairs , and felt the smoke hit her nose , but it did n't affect her anymore , she was far beyond that of weed , instead she reacted as if nothing was there , she walked down through the kitchen , to where her mom was sitting , as our girl came through the door , her mother 's eyes were wide , with the last words she ever heard , you dirty little cunt how could you , let him do that to his own daughter , are you proud you little whore , i sure as hell hope so because soon , you 'll both be rotting in hell together , she pulled the trigger , once , twice , a third time , every shot freeing her more than the last , in her heart she felt relieved , the pain could finally stop , oh but not yet her mind told her , she knew what she had to do , she placed the gun on the table , and prepared for her final task , she secured the rope tight , and put the chair in place , fear had never been her strong suit , as she prepared for the end , she knew that this would make it all go away , she left a note in case anyone cared to look , not that she thought they would , she simply scribbled in her little handwriting , they said they would look out for me and lied , today is the day this nightmare i call a life ends .
let 's go make a phone call and get this thing on the market .
the edge the cave called to me , asking my intentions , wanting more from me , then i could ever give , i was on the brink , in my head i knew it was wrong , that this was something , i should never be a part of , how had i gotten here , this cave scared with evil , i was on the edge , the edge of insanity , the edge of sanity , i was on the fence , and nearly tipping over , in case you re lost i 'll explain , the cave i speak of , is oh so very special , it has characteristics , that set it apart , at least that 's the rumor , they say that this cave , can let you see your future , as far as you wanted to go , so i wanted to give it a try , i went to the cave one afternoon , and from the outside , it looked so normal , like any other in our woods , but inside i was greeted by a monster , that monster was my future , it was telling me stories , that i could n't dream of wanting to see , worlds collapsing , i wanted nothing more than to fix it , so i rewound , and watched from the beginning , i began to see how the world , that was so very horrible in my future , began to take shape , i was in the cave , for at least 3 hours a day , it was almost like watching a movie , projected onto the wall , telling me what was coming , i could tell it where to go , and where to stop , and i watched , and wrote it all down , as things got out of a control , it started just a short decade from now , as the world was in chaos , people died and countries collapsed , slowly the visions , showed me a united government , then further down it got worse , the world was at war , with things from outside , these aliens were aiming , to take over the world , fast forward again another 15 years , and it 's all over , the aliens had won and we as a people , were no more , i wrote feverishly , i was n't sure what the notes would mean , or if they would even matter , but i felt like i had to do something , so i wrote for hours , days and weeks even , come to think of it , i do n't think anyone even noticed i was gone , but still i wrote , and wrote some more , finally it seemed as if it were all over , i stumbled out of the cave , i was scrawny like i have n't eaten in months , but i felt fine , something told me , that my mind had taken over , i stumbled home , and got some food , in my head , the visions that were sure to haunt me , played over like a broken record , it was another week before i saw anyone else , i did n't explain to them what i saw , because i knew they 'd think i was crazy , instead i kept it to myself , but that would come back to bite me , four days after leaving the cave , the voices in my head started talking , they would talk about war , about happiness and about love , most of all they would talk about the future , those voices never had names , they still do n't have names as i stand here today , but they would talk , oh how they loved to talk , and one day their talking made me realize , the answers were in front of me , the cave was more than a video , it was a chance to right the wrongs , and stop the problems from starting , so i ventured back into the cave , i was n't sure what i was looking for , did n't even know if it was real , but in my mind i believed that it was there , so i searched around , and finally i found the door , it seemed far too easy , the door led up a rocky stairway , from there i was n't sure where it went , but something told me that it had to lead to wherever , i wanted to go , so i walked and at the top , i got my answer , the doorway split in two , going one direction for the past , one for the future , i let my gut and my mind take over , i was n't sure what i was looking for , and i would n't know it when i found it , but i was hoping my gut would , and that it would relay the message , it all worked to perfection , me trusting my gut for once , i stopped at the moment it felt right , and on a whim turned left , there i was on flat ground , i looked in the distance and there was a city , i did n't know the name but i had recognized it , in here lived a man , that could be the key , to setting it all straight , i went in search , and soon enough i found him , letting my brain do the thinking , he was sitting peacefully in the shade , his name ralph james , we exchanged words , and i gave him notes , he took my word though , i 'd think it was due to his nature , of believing in the strange , i told him my story , and told him what he needed to do , i told him to trust me , and when the time came , he would be ready , after the meeting , i walked back to the beam , that seemed so strong and on its own , i walked through it and felt it bend around me , as i began the walk back , i trusted my body and mind , to let me stop again , and again , they did n't steer me wrong , as i came to a stop right next to the place i left , i walked back down the stone stairway , as i kept glancing back at the beam , my brain and heart wanted to be done , my gut though told another story , this was one i did n't agree with , i walked into the cave , and the videos projected on the wall , showed the future i had come to fear , had indeed been erased , i had managed to stop the end of mankind , i felt relieved , and restored , and i decided that it was time i went home , i left the cave without so much as a glance back , thinking that it was over , a week went by and the voices , did n't talk to me , did n't even make a sound , i thought that i had set it all right , until one night alone , first one , then two , then four , the voices came flooding in , they were telling me to go back , that my work was n't done , that there was more that was needed from me , i fought and resisted , and argued and pleaded , i was n't sure what else i could do , the voices told me to go to the cave , and i 'd get the answers i was after , i still fought , but it was a battle i would n't win , not that time , perhaps never , i went back , the entire place seemed the same , but in my head i was being told to sit down , that the show was about to begin , i sat and stared at the new video on the wall , it was then i knew what they wanted me to do , this video showed a world , that was in chaos , but something was different , and i could n't put my finger on it , then it hit me like a ton of bricks , the creatures moving , in the background , were unlike anything i had seen before , the stood upright , with real feet but paws for hands , those paws had thumbs , it was how they were carrying the weapons , these were n't aliens this time , but something far worse , it was all capped off by their head , their head was dog like , eyes and a tongue , they spoke in a language , that i could n't understand , but i knew the message was n't good , i could n't figure out what the cave had wanted , i could only assume that they wanted me , to change this future , it was then i realized , things would never change , i could go back a hundred , perhaps a thousand times , and continue to change the world , in the end , we 'd still end up the exact same , we 'd end up dreading the future , wishing we had the past , and begging to hold onto the present , it would always remain the same , so i left , i left it all behind , and thought that it would all go away , it would all be behind me , it was something that sounded simple , in my head , as it turns out , i was so wrong , a week after leaving , the voices began again , this time violent , they kept tempting me , begging me to go , begging me to be a part , begging me to fix it , but i refused , as it got worse , the voices began to yelling , telling me that i had no soul , that i had nothing left , and that i was worth nothing , the voices in my head , bullied me , pushed me , and screamed at me , it told me the end was near , i did n't believe it , i myself thought i was crazy , it was something that was hard to admit , but even harder to ignore , for they kept trying to get me to believe , that i was something special , that i was important , and i fought , and fought and then fought some more , finally it got too much , everything inside of me , begged to be let go , so i found myself , on the edge of the building , and ready to jump , the air was cold against my face , it swirled by and for once i felt free , as the voices stopped , faster and faster i fell , then pavement , but now that begs the question , where did all this come from , and to be honest , i ' m not sure what happened , but it happened before i hit , the next thing i knew , i was somewhere in a field , the sun was bright on my face , so bright in fact , it hurt , i got up and i looked around , the field was magnificent , i could n't believe what i was seeing , i stood up and breathed , the fresh air drove me crazy , it was like being in a new world , then a voice spoke up again , in my head , they told me i was a long way from home , and that i was now a part of their world , i blinked and it was gone , from there visions flooded my head , some good , others not so much , they showed me things , like the cave had done , only this time , it was far different , the visions , told a story unlike anything i 'd seen , they only took 30 seconds a piece it seemed , the stories showed pictures of death , despair and anger , people who killed , and destroyed the world , they knew , then finally it went black , and the visions stopped , it was like i was asleep , and now all of these thoughts , i ' ve recapping it all , i 'd like to think that i ' m dead , i 'd like to think it 's over , i 'd like to think that i ' m waiting , for the end , but that all seems like wishful thinking , april 's poem a day challenge april 1 , 2012 the fool is welcomed to follow , the path that has been laid , but the twist and turns along the way , will do nothing but confuse him , as he looks for the rainbow , that seems to have eluded him for years , where he finds himself next , is a question that , only he can answer .
it only took minutes before the entire thing was in flames .
any contamination - any at all - and the entire thing shuts down .
wincing , he reached over and turned the damn thing off .
it was a filthy , jewel - encrusted reminder of a filthy heritage , and the only thing remaining of his previous life .
he slapped the dreadful thing off and rubbed his aching brow , before making his way to his bathroom .
there was no other thing for it .
just watch where you re swinging that thing .
` ` then sign the thing and be done with it . ''
` ` would you stop playing with that thing , '' mother said .
` ` i do n't want to wear that stupid thing . ''
so me and mariah came up with this cool new thing , he smirked as we stood smoking in front of his stupid sign .
all of a sudden , you see this big thing in the background come crashing down from the sky and splash in the water .
its been almost two years since that thing crashed in the water , and all they been doing is covering it up !
just take my hand and step overover the thing , i breathed .
the crazy weightless thing .
i could still faintly hear the thing from inside the building , but there was no pressure or boom .
i had nt had to use them in months , but the sight of that thing i d not laid eyes on since april , not to mention any details of just how the hell it ended up in our field , right outside of our goddamn house .
just do nt bring that thing near me , huh ?
if there s one thing i ca nt stand , its a dirty bathroom .
joe said the trusses were interesting , because they looked like the real thing in the blueprints .
i remember getting off the big ship and onto this little dingy type thing , and i paddled over to don and pulled him in but i could nt save his brother .
in about ten seconds were gon na rock this thing back and forth .
he said that s how forest fires spread so quickly , because they shoot these things and wherever they land it just begins to burn .
okay , and were gon na need that extra rope so we can tie him onto this thing because if he moves around when were going down that path , we could all fall .
maybe we can push this thing and get it to catch that way .
amazing how fast this thing is going .
this thing is so old and worn , it wo nt stay shut .
we have to get the thing rolling so it ll start .
please , god , please make this thing start .
then well have to compensate , by moving up our prep time line to get things in place before the security is increased , said nikki .
regardless , this thing is really amazing .
but is thing that , is it wine ?
and then thing does us ?
they use him / it to perfectly buy us useless things , or that you / they could go to take him in a wood , or they hold him / it hidden under to the mattress .
then the bogy man recovered the calm , you / he / she lengthened the arm and you / he / she contemplated giotto , thing at all easy date his / her walk .
it looked again then at me , with an expression of the type '' now he / she thinks of us him to put again to place the things . ''
as you have been able to make a thing of the kind .
we had also thought about a beautiful hammered in head , but the thing would have been too much risky .
a new face , someone with drive to get this thing moving or another bump in the road , another set back .
made of thick leather with locking steel buckles , they were the type of thing a fetish couple might purchase out of a bondage catalog or off of some s & m website .
i mean how many times are you going to wave that thing at me ?
oh , you poor thing , he should nt have done that .
for god 's sake , just blow up the damned thing using c4 charges .
the injury was on side of his head and looked like somebody hit him with some heavy thing .
the thing weighs 130 kgs and costs 7000 yuans .
apparently , the damned thing itself was another of infamous chinese copies and gave him a coughing fit .
after the sun had set around six thirty , things had started slowing down as the men and women walking home from office jobs or coming in from the farm were replaced by night sellers , their eerie candles and kerosene lamps inadvertently lighting the way for nighttime travelers .
as margaret shuffled sarah towards the kitchen , sarah asked : mother does that thing really work ?
inside , was the most amazing thing sara had ever seen .
when you were invaded yesterday , that thing said something .
that thing never left matt .
that thing looked like a hand , which was attached to a cut - up arm , followed by a slumped body .
ill see you first thing in the morning .
the thing i have to check wo nt take long .
i tried to grow a beard when i was in college and the darn thing itched so much i had to shave it off .
he did nt spell a thing .
` ` i saw the goddamnedest thing flying in the smog looked like it had reagan 's face imprinted on it .
` ` let 's do it until my thing falls off . ''
` ` we ca n't do it until your thing falls off , because then we could n't do it anymore . ''
` ` then let 's do it until my thing almost falls off . ''
` ` your thing will fall off before i get too sore . ''
` ` are you sure it had a double dutch - type door so that we do n't have to dig out this whole thing ? ''
` ` i ca n't see the damned thing . ''
a lot of people would like to see the whole thing scrapped .
well drive up first thing in the morning .
lick the damn thing , she thought , willing him .
she was used to the new compacts in the states ; this thing looked as if it would fit inside one .
this thing handles well , lily , i m impressed .
poor thing !
i m pretty sure hell be there ill check first thing in the morning .
the professor had been quick to regain his balance after stumbling into the corner of the laboratory and had immediately picked up the heaviest thing he could find .
put that thing down now !
that bedroom is the only thing that has nt been cleaned .
you ca nt imagine just how proud i am of all of them ; and dad the chest is the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen .
you are a pretty little thing , you seem to have good manners , and you like animals .
as soon as chrissy went in the househe nearly froze waitinged began to carry things out to the front lawn .
they had boxed up all of uncle cliff and aunt lorraines clothes and things from the drawers and closet and put them in the storage area on the third floor .
( the last thing his mother had ever baked . )
as he searched the web for places to stay and things to visit he settled on two parks in particular that he wanted to see : arches national park in the south east corner of utah ; mesa verde in the south west corner of colorado .
i m going to see if this thing is real enough to hurt !
if i were to try to pin you down , say , just based on your gut feelings , do you think this thing is from around here ?
you know , he said in a conversational tone , i could break this thing like a twig , but then the pain would only last a second or two before it dulled to a throb .
chapter 22 : mogadishu , somalia : jam session 29 - 30 december 1992 it took us about fifteen minutes to sweep the palace for weapons and we came up with zip , nada , not a damn thing .
i suppose i was hoping there would be a lake we could push the car into , or some other magical way to hide the damn thing , but maybe i found something better .
there s no signal on the hills and anyway i would nt carry that thing with me .
it was an area that was effectively sealed off from the works , where you had no sense of being in a factory that made things .
-its just not the sort of thing policemen like pedro go around buying .
she supposed it was the brightness of it , the warmth of the colour of the thing , that made it so special ; but there was something more .
-you poor tender hearted thing , harold replied .
when they get where they are wanted , maybe with a bit of simple modification , they turn out to be just the thing to upgrade your helicopter gunship or whatever toy it might be .
-of course not and in any case the officials looking at these things are not stupid , but they can turn a blind eye if the thing does nt look too obvious .
-of course not and in any case the officials looking at these things are not stupid , but they can turn a blind eye if the thing does nt look too obvious .
we do not have such a thing here in the flat .
no , she had no such thing .
did she use internet cafs , that kind of thing ?
the bed was an iron - framed thing , old and heavy and probably only still there because nobody could face trying to get rid of it using that dandy little lift contraption .
and alone of all her worldly possessions , she had kept this thing hidden and left it behind .
it was the only thing on the phone newer than three months ago , and alice had called it the afternoon before she disappeared .
it had ordered a few thousand components computers , monitors , that kind of thing .
she wore a little black thing with black shoes and no tights .
entry phones on the doors , that kind of thing .
he nodded and looked at the damned thing .
with an effort he stopped himself and pushed the thing back into his pocket .
things were clicking into place no , out of place , out of their neat and comfortable slots .
it was just a crappy old thing .
the till was some super thing that nobody could open without the codes .
only the rub is this : she does nt bring the thing back to where she took it from .
oh , yeah.-were already changing things so the nursery can be right next to our bedroom.-were just gon na have to find another place for the library .
i should nt have shown you that damned thing , rena retorted , unable to release him from her embrace .
this handy little thing was the tournament invitation ken received .
burn this thing to the ground helen .
well have this thing shut down inside the hour , jack .
anyway , they ran it through their computers looking for patterns , and the damn thing lit up like a christmas tree !
ill give you a call first thing monday morning to see how its all going .
the damn thing must be low on battery again , unless i had nt locked the car in the first place .
it would nt take him long to get to kevins place to collect his things but i felt tense anyway , hoping that nothing would happen between here and there to change his mind .
makes this thing look like a bathtub .
so i ' m saying you could crack that thing open if you wanted to .
cramped tubes of aluminum held together with hope and some duct tape , a pilot who was pretty sure he knew how to fly this thing but could n't make any promises ... those kinds of things were par for the course on the shitbag flights seth was used to taking .
` ` any idea how you 're going to get this thing from petrov ? ''
they were doing a pretty good job keeping their bullets away from the tank itself , they peppered our cab and the engine with shots , though , but that thing kept going .
a guy popped out of the sunroof , and in my right rearview mirror i saw the rpg , but there was n't much i could do ... i mean , i was driving this thing ninety miles an hour and i could n't exactly jump out of it or pull a quick one - eighty turn to face them , so i just tried to get out of the way .
me and the other guy , carl , we bounced around inside the cab of the truck as the thing must have flipped over three times before it finally stopped .
they got the tank all winched up , and they were so damn close to pulling the thing upright that i almost let them do it just as a feat of modern engineering .
` ` no , it 's not , if you want me to figure out where this thing might be .
upon further inspection of the gun , seth noticed it was a desert eagle .50 , a fucking massive gun that was way too huge for practical use , but it was intimidating , which is why al - qassim had the thing .
i die if i do n't take that thing to its rightful owner ... well , rightful thief '' ` ` you 'll die before you leave here .
i want to have my hands on this thing for the least time possible ... really seems to breed trouble . ''
` ` how the fuck do you get that thing open ? ''
` ` well it 's about to get you into your last fight if you do n't come up with a way to get that fucking thing open and pretty goddamned fucking soon ! ''
fuck paychecks at this point , they just wanted to get rid of the thing .
` ` hey , the sex on the thing was amazing .
` ` hold on , and hope this thing has airbags .
i mean , did you two really think it was that much of a coincidence that someone showed up just at the right moment to steal that thing out from under you ?
the grenade thing was a beautiful touch , seth .
seth continued , though , his fingers gripping the steering wheel so hard they threatened to tear the thing apart .
thing is , when i get up , i ' m going to throw a grenade and we 'll need to run like hell after the thing explodes . ''
now , slow us down and park this thing on the beach then drive us to anderson lake .
-- hiccup ! -- evon , fly this thing for me , then lock onto my mothers co - ordinance and follow her .
i took the plant and ate the whole thing quickly .
pete stopped and said , boomn flang , this thing jammed on me !
i ' m not getting a thing !
come here , we have to move this thing so it does n't damage the skidder , when it comes .
the thing must belong to someone like you , man !
i d be more than happy to explain everything to you in great detail but first you ve got to tell me what this thing here is and what this guy is doing with it .
now , i do n't want to see you get hurt so please stay away from that thing .
not even you could move that thing , pal .
my new sword was hungry to make certain no clone volk would have arms enough to throw a thing .
what part of that thing is the space ship ?
the entire thing is a space ship , grizz .
and this healing thing could have saved him .
if this thing turns out to be real and usable and helps ricky , i d sell everything i have to get it .
so heres this thing , daniel said musingly , maybe the greatest discovery since fire and the wheel , and its all pretty much out in the open to be found .
were going to blow the lid off this thing .
she started running the thing over the computer cases and hard drives .
there was crude and deteriorating bracing of riveted steel girders , and the whole thing was faced with rusting steel mesh .
rows of vehicles stood covered in dull green canvas tarpaulins five - ton and deuce - and - a - half trucks , vintage jeeps , and construction vehicles , things daniel did nt recognize that could be some kind of mining and cutting equipment .
the whole thing would probably collapse .
maybe when we get back we should start trying to weaponize this thing .
but zeke skull waved vaguely , a helpless thing .
he passed this eden thing on to ricky and saved his life .
the fact this thing works at all is a miracle , testimony to the creators work .
he held the thing up , showing the handle and concealing the blade behind his turned hand .
he debated with himself whether it would be better to leave the thing there and get every possible drop into the system , or take it down to remove all trace of it .
or this thing could be a trojan horse designed by aliens or the godless communists to destroy the free world .
excuse the pun but it looks as though the whole thing has died a death .
the storm has blown through so we 'll be leaving nassau first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` she just aims the thing and hopes for the best .
that little spider 's web thing we found on the packaging and the tattoos ... ... ... .. o'brian is known as la arana ... .spanish for the spider .
revinas clutch is this big sandy crater that people use as a place to dump their old mattresses , car tires , broken cabinets , and things like that .
this journal right here is the only thing i need .
when that thing goes off , shrapnel will shatter the air and pierce walls , ceilings , and human flesh !
these places were a nightmare if you only needed a few things and i needed some beer .
liz said looking downtrodden ` ` they probably just slept in here , this thing is nicer than my college dorm was . ''
` ` good , cause i have no clue how to use this thing . ''
besides , without me on this thing , that 's 200 pounds less which means you 're going to be using a lot less fuel to keep going . ''
he said between coughs , and she asks me what the hell this thing is .
he said it 's like a sleeve , i said trying to describe the thing .
connor , this thing is almost two miles long .
he would have played the teddy card years earlier , but of course he d needed to wait until teddy had climbed the slippery pole far enough to steer the thing his way .
just the thing for alerting shy animals to their presence .
someone had been making a selection of things that might be useful enough to be worth carrying before setting out from this place .
the rifle would nt be the most useful thing in a confined space though .
if i drop the thing , i chuck it away .
they look just the thing , said murphy .
perhaps he should put it into the ford mondeo , but if he put it all in the trunk of the car , the damn thing would be off the front wheels .
` ` you 're the closest thing to a father i could have ever hoped for . ''
just keep stelane away from that thing .
i thought the poor thing deserved a chance to at least see his prey .
watch where you swing that thing !
he opened the window and heard the thing whoosh outside , catching the wind .
i do nt think you re going to get anyone to buy that ugly thing anyways .
we d appreciate your checking thing , lynn told tyler .
my palms sweating , facing direction , and bumping into things , i looked for walls .
things seem out of place here ?
i told you to get rid of that thing , david remarked with a smile .
what s that thing on his back ?
yes , i took it first thing .
i m not touching that thing , she said .
he wanted to give me a big old thing , but i told him that smaller was better .
hash could only watch , way too afraid to take the shaking , rattling , whistling , boiling thing off the stove .
the kit on this thing could beat nasa to life on mars .
nobodyll ever find the fuckin thing , he whispers .
in that fuckin shed thing .
the last thing out of here was a tiny ferry .
he should n't come knockin at me fuckin door first thing in the mornin .
i hope that fuckin thing holds .
this thing must belong to somebody , he nods down at the smashed cable spool and the damaged wheelhouse .
but the brand name of the thing is in english - its a triple ripple butt plug .
what silly cunt built this fuckin thing ?
ynever wondered what the fuck they were smokin when they decided to build this fuckin thing ?
fuckin thing , wedge grunts , fingers seeking a better grip .
push the fuckin catch thing while i pull .
turn the bloody thing off then !
switch the bloody thing off then !
hold the fuckin thing open .
a hand flies through the flame of the thing and grabs hold of his favourite t - shirt , the threads stretch and complain .
he pours the whole thing down his throat .
berry looks up to the fire stations five storey practise tower on the other side of the dual carriageway , a much climbed thing .
pulley thing here , berry says .
then torch the fuckin thing .
how come you two found this thing , then ?
this fuckin thing .
but talbot just hit him with a big stick , the thing with a hook on the end they use to grab the buoys and nets and that out of the water .
maybe the boy set light to the thing .
i found it right in the middle of this thing .
i was tryin to get rid of the fuckin thing before that copper found it .
there s a bloke in the net thing there , man .
the whole thing began tipping towards the side opposite of him , eventually detaching itself from the concrete and completely flipping over in a stray , wooded mess .
if you have the thing they re looking for , they take you to dallas to join a group they have there .
i took the blood test but i do nt have that thing they re looking for .
they d have already seen this thing and the hat .
you silly thing .
quit the damned thing .
cute , that a little kid would wear such a thing .
sure thing , aaron .
then you 're telling me this thing produces it for injection , like a snake would venom ? ''
that doors not going to hold this thing forever .
larry went downtown , could nt get a thing .
twenty - seven minutes , and it did nt look like this thing was nearly ready to burst into flames .
do nt point that thing at me , she said .
set the whole thing spinning .
that thing on jessicas face looked to be an actual smile .
if i could take just one thing with me , jessica said .
turned the whole thing inside out , effectively trapping her clay prisoners and any fingerprints that came with them .
the only thing that s going to need covering is your mouth .
this was the only dry thing i had .
this damn thing is written in 370 assembler ! , scott said .
the final genre was rock - tequila , that sort of thing .
he would talk to wilton and jenny first thing and decide what to say .
its the real thing , complete with cocktail glass rings and cigarette burns , scott said .
well , all i carry in my sax case is one of those al capone machine guns with the round thing in front .
see the little white , round thing ?
the little round thing was a digital video camera .
the security that you would need if the replica of mona lisa hanging behind toms desk was the real thing .
in order to meet projections you d need everyone for whom it remotely makes any sense to ride , to make a roundtrip every week on this thing .
listen , ill go and rehire laurence first thing in the morning , he told her .
i 'll be there all day , so i ' m going to spend the night and head back first thing in the morning .
and you might never know what that thing is ?
the only thing there was a bottle of generic pine cleaner and ammonia and bleach .
she took a bite of the empanada like thing and tasted eggs , sausage and cheese .
she held up a little white plastic thing with prongs for anna to see .
they should make you a doctor just for reading the whole thing , '' pat said as he walked up to her table .
sometimes i can feel that thing pressed against my flesh .
the captain had considered special ordering a seat for him , but it was the sort of thing that was rather easy to move to the bottom of the shopping list when the budget got tight , as it always did .
the sort of thing you d expect to see a wild animal in .
but the thing that caught my eye , the thing that froze me in stark horror , was the wall across the room from me .
but the thing that caught my eye , the thing that froze me in stark horror , was the wall across the room from me .
all your things are in the trunk , nothing missing , so off you go .
did nt know anybody remembered the damn thing .
that castle - looking thing on the edge of the park over there is called the white tower .
the turks had obviously taken over the place after the invasion and , without doing a thing on the outside to indicate what was going on in the inside , had turned it into their version of a battlefield bar - cum - dance hall - cum - brothel .
he knew she enjoyed the free time and the opportunities to travel together that their present way of life afforded , but he also knew that to a certain extent -- more so in the last few years than before they d gone to china -- she shared his concern about the sameness of things lately , about the loss -- or maybe just misplacement -- of that jagged edge to their lives that had to do with discomfort and surprises and even , at times , the double - sided nature of danger and he sensed that she , too , might welcome certain kinds of changes , but her notion of what constituted moral responsibility was a finely tuned thing and there was very little room for adjustment ; when it came to certain kinds of compromises he d always known that flexibility was not one of talyas strongest points and he d often had reason to admire that in her , but this decision was shaping up to be a matter of sometimes subtle and often complicated trade - offs and he suspected that she might not see it that way at all .
ma informed us that short of pulling out a wire or two there was no way of turning the thing off completely , but that the music and high - pitched announcements about the trains progress and the weather en route would go off at 9:30 -- official bedtime on long - distance runs -- and come back on again at 6:30 in the morning .
you d almost have to aim for the damn thing .
in the movies everyone had sexy plastic explosives with digital detonators so the crowd could see just how close the hero was to death when he defused the thing .
she hated the thing and felt like she sweated off twenty pounds every time she wore it .
best thing we have so far is the tracer .
did you get that thing made i asked for ?
i had two sticks and two boxes of nails in that thing .
i m sorry , i just ca nt see around this thing , she said .
closest thing would be down in the basement next to the loading dock and the emergency generators .
the hard part had been the act of transporting the thing all that distance through the jungle .
it was a cutout of last years christmas card , and the whole thing was shown next .
pull that thing into the barn before you come in .
the thing had some kind of gel between two layers of some space age super metal .
someday he would have to ask john just what was powering this thing , maybe over their next cigarette , which he could use right about now .
she had finally given up on the phone , and had been found an unoccupied outlet to plug the thing in to recharge .
second , get in the cabinet over stans head and get out that green thing with the rubber bulb attached .
find the guy who drove this thing .
sam had given him enough time to see the angle of the shot , and he d determined that the window was the only thing in the way just as sam had fired .
i knew immediately that he thought we were talking about him and he probably thought that we were more than likely laughing about the bulb episode where the so - called macho hard man yelped like a girl once the thing popped .
the wife was on tenterhooks , so i had to go round the houses of the streets and ask if they 'd seen the bloody thing .
i was a little suspicious that they both ordered this because it was the cheapest thing on the menu .
he did n't look impressed , but i got the impression that penelope 's lap was getting too warm with that fury thing sprawled across her lap .
` ` i do n't want the same thing but colder for three pounds . ''
needless to say , i strode straight across the room and switched the damn thing off , throwing open the balcony doors to try and let some of the night in - its bad enough that were three floors up .
i ca nt be sure but it looks like a stainless steel shell , housing he squinted inside the thing , having to carefully scoop out several wads of mud before he did so .
she dishes out traditional cures , natural remedies and potions , that sort of thing .
i know too , as do all good , god fearing christians , that lucifer also appeared before christ and offered him temptations , but do you suppose that he had amongst his hellish weaponry at the time such things as coffee , chocolate , denim jeans , or pre - dyed , multi - hued , felt - tipped pens ?
when this process had finished , the whole thing swivelled around and started again .
i even had the audacity to tell her of his love of cakes , in particular home made flapjacks which was the only thing his mother had cooked well when he was a child !
i am sorely tempted to show him the thing and lock him under the stairs with it , if it was nt for the fact that he would undoubtedly manage to burn the rectory down with him as he fried !
as soon as he moves to activate the thing i arise and come upstairs to my chamber , to write within the pages of this book , say my evening prayers and then take to my bed indeed , this bed is of such kingly comfort that i must confess it is difficult to resist .
although it still bore all the hallmarks of your typical garage a lawnmower clogged up with old cuttings , various tools , pots and extensions cords lining the walls , an old video recorder , that sort of thing - the resemblance ended there .
damn thing nearly got me killed , and i ve never been on one since .
she had not expected to find that sort of thing out here in the jungle .
but surely you keep this sort of thing in sealed units or something ?
those same hands had not long ago killed men and now were creating such a wonderful thing .
cen moved a couple of locals off a table so they could see the stage , great spot cen , we should nt miss a thing , sue was hamming it up .
all someone has to do is match the unique i d this thing transmits with the data that was imprinted in every frame of that video i gave mr . venkman .
darnedest thing i ever saw , he said , shaking his head as he gazed at the map .
unless someone was looking for such a thing , they would never see it .
preston re - positioned himself with angie to record the whole thing .
for the first kilometer or so , he talked angie through keeping the thing aimed down stream and away from obstacles and other kayaks .
darlin , i really love sleeping on this thing but it narrows our choices for other activities .
they do nt realize we have the same thing here .
` ` the service station over there had this thing parked around back , and would n't you know the keys were in the ignition . ''
not now that alfies gone and left his shitty dabs all over the bloody thing .
its the only thing i know that gives you a permanent hard - on not that i m complaining .
he looked out over the surrounding area and made a mental note of things that could hide his approach from whoever might be watching by the building .
even with new oil and additional petrol , this thing probably would not start anyway as several key parts of the engine would likely have been punctured by gunfire .
well then so shall i , sweet thing .
its my mamas hairclip its the only thing i got left of er , lizzy says with the tinge of a southern accent .
meanwhile i ' ve been going a bit stir - crazy sitting here with that bloody thing switched on all day '' chris drained his whisky , starting to feel a little depressed himself .
slowly , reluctantly he replaced every thing back into the stout , polished wood box , beret folded on top , and reverently placed his treasures back into the wardrobe with a silent prayer that the curse on his family would depart and leave him in peace to live out his days in quiet serenity .
` ` well we ca n't leave a job half done can we , leave them bloody things stuck up all over the place .
he mused , tapping his empty pipe - bowl on the gate post before sticking the thing back into his mouth .
she snatched the thing off of him , keeping her eyes above his belt line .
somebody breaks into the thing when i ' m away working , then they 'll know i ' m not at home and break in there too . ''
i bought them presents every time they came over , expensive things , things to make them prefer me ... rotten thing to do , i know , but ... ..
i bought them presents every time they came over , expensive things , things to make them prefer me ... rotten thing to do , i know , but ... ..
no frills or trills had been incorporated inside our building every thing was stark and old fashioned .
it read , ' for natasha with luv ' , not love , ' l ' , ' o ' , ' v ' , ' e ' , you know , '' she spelled it out ` ` but ' l ' , ' u ' , ' v ' , the way teenagers text each other , '' she looked over at me , her guilt imploring me to understand why she had n't checked the damn thing herself before handing it over to thirteen - year - old natasha .
miraculously the thing had not hit her directly , rather it had smacked into the wall next to her head .
she exclaimed yanking the packaging off the thing , and discarding it with scant thought to tidiness .
send the photo back to me with the officer , and sara , please make sure the print is high definition , it must look like the real thing '' i must have sounded desperate because sara returned with none of her usual spunk .
the house had old fashioned wooden floors , not the laminated type which were currently fashionable these were the real thing .
i fished it out making a mental note to leave the damn thing behind the following day .
the damn thing being too bulky and difficult to park , she did nt particularly care for it .
at least this thing was manufactured in america .
amy dropped her thing things and ran for it .
she stared at the phone , debating whether to answer the dang thing .
laura said as she watched amy throw coffee things onto the kitchen table .
i ve got just the thing , down in the cellar , from the flea market .
i would nt lock that thing in the truck tonight , roxy said to clare .
just let me get this thing out of the elevator and put it in a bag i wo nt keep you long .
of course the helmet was the only thing in it .
what s that black thing stuck to his ear at every meeting ?
is that thing big enough ?
its closed for the night , but i can get there first thing in the morning .
did you see the teeth on that thing ?
you ca nt leave that thing there .
a loaded gun to my head could nt induce me to touch that thing .
you really need to get rid of that thing , i warned .
regina fit me in for a supervision meeting first thing wednesday morning .
dead - center in the door was a gold - plated , five - spoke wheel handle that you had to spin to unlock the dang thing .
no way a jumbo paperclip was getting into this thing .
i told you to get rid of that thing , i told her .
as expected , the cheap thing died halfway to the cabin .
check out the dude up in the little basket thing .
damn thing had my name on it anyway .
i opened the door as quietly as humanly possible but of course the damn thing squealed at me in protest .
it seems like such a short surgery even though they are ripping that thing from her brain , ethan said sounding awkwardly worried .
i had been staring at it for hours , but a large part of me could nt bear to open the damn thing .
i looked at the metal thing that was strapping me down .
if you attempt to break free of this thing , one hundred thousand volts of electricity would course through your body , and the humans can kiss this table goodbye .
well , you guys are wearing the same color clothes and i always think of business stuff or military when i see more than one people wearing the same thing .
and i bet you anything , one good slam against this thing ; well all be on the ground begging for mercy .
i looked around for the thing .
what took you so long to turn the damn thing off ?
once done , i closed the toothpaste and wonder where i should put the thing .
there 's a room upstairs that serves the real thing if you want to go up there later .
eddie saw the nose of the thing and knew exactly where sam was going .
` ` keep that thing put away .
i do n't want to mess around with this thing .
a tumbler full of whiskey was the only thing he needed to complete the scene .
bridger watched as he set up more computer equipment and plugged various things into various places .
some ponce from the university , he had a young female student with him , quite a cute wee thing .
` ` i take it you know how to shut the thing down '' , bridger said aloud .
poor thing did nt know what hit her .
then he found just the thing to keep his emotions at bay .
so , the only thing in my intellectual arsenal ?
even if the thing was originally meant to be my coffin , this could be a part of my restart at living again .
man , i wish i d never seen that thing .
` ` you know , you 're going to get about a mile to the gallon in this thing , pavan said as we tooled in a wide arch around an empty parking lot .
i mean seriously , this thing weighs a ton .
still , the torque of the thing felt like it was grinding your gut into the seat back .
i remembered my conversation with pavan about the dome light , the only thing that had worked on the van when it went into the deep .
sand is the sort of thing you lie in next to lapping , frothy waves .
i had this weird thing in it , come to find out .
get this fucking ... thing ... away from me !
look at that thing , i said .
old school , i 'd searched the home for yarn but the closest thing available had been dental floss .
sorry , but the only thing i ve seen you go hand - to - hand with is a foot - long roast beef sandwich !
you want to put a creature , a bug , essentially , into an ecosystem that does nt belong there -- i do n't care if the darn thing cured heart - break -- not on our watch ! ''
flashes , sounds , blurs of colors and knew that it was only a matter of time now : somehow a hole had been poked in the dam and soon , the whole damn thing was going to come flooding down .
i wan na interview sarah prenderson first thing tomorrow .
get that bloody thing out of my way !
i ca nt believe we went through hell for that bloody thing .
i said yes that s when he showed us that box thing !
he fastened it around sheilas head and pushed her mouth open and squeezed in the spongelike thing so that her teeth would nt bite down or get injured through the pain .
it was full of rust and i had nt seen larry drive the thing in a long , long time .
after 40 minutes of driving in shame and quite a few worrying clonk sounds , i parked the darn thing as far away as i could on the company parking lot .
he never even drives that thing !
the new owner had no objection , since we promised to hike back to our lodge the first thing in the morning .
adams opened it with his key and stood back as detectives steve branch and kevin richter started rifling through roberts things .
you poor thing , she said .
unfortunately , the poor thing died of a gut wound .
james made his way to the top rows , where he checked things out to see if any guards were around , then positioned himself behind a wall of advertising signs that stood in the area of the national and american league score boards .
a turtle has eaten the poor thing alive .
oh , you poor thing , tleena said , thumping an open palm on my back .
he s the closest thing we ve got to a real shaman .
a new hard disk will make the thing work again , but you wo nt be able to access anything , not even your own name .
someone has buggered this thing , and meant to .
we may need to check the thing for finger prints first .
i had a few bits lying around razor , toothbrush , shirts that sort of thing , and most of that s gone .
frankly , i do nt think you need to look far to find who dismantled the computer in the next office , not least because the same thing has been removed from barbaras computer at home .
much of it was simply an update on the progress that had been made in getting things and people in place as had been agreed earlier , and there was nothing much of any significance to report until it came to clive newell .
he squeezed the ball thing in his hand , and eventually the pain went again , and he drifted off into another fitful doze .
not long ago , he could nt even feel the damn thing .
ask your family history man if he can possibly provide us with any paper work , will you copies of death certificates , birth certificates and that sort of thing , and then pay him off .
you mean yous gon na stop competing in nevada and arizona and give it to me ifn i buy ever thing you bring in ?
reload that thing casin we get mugged or somethin .
look at that fucking thing .
what is the ball with the chain thing called ?
books , television , that sort of thing , said jasmine .
this thing could probably bat aside most cars on the road like toys .
i d learn to fly , first in a little thing , then working up to one of those big planes that the military uses to transport tanks and jeeps , so i could fly to japan and load it up with the best new technology around .
just because i do n't blow up photos and stick them on the ceiling to wank over first thing in the morning . ''
and if it got stuck , the horse might run away with the thing hanging from its skull , possibly dragging me round the pen like a thrown rodeo rider with his arm caught in a strap .
set this thing up here . ''
the only bit i was n't familiar with was the thing wrapped around her left biceps .
` ` right , you 're always on that thing .
it was n't the only thing she took .
not with this decrepit old thing stuck in the black underground between stops .
art had decided that he would check with a psychologist first thing monday , hoping that this would help him make sense of the information he had collected .
garside was enthusiastic about the idea ill get the major general to come in first thing in the morning and i will brief him on his new task .
i ve got the very thing stashed away for such an event john .
he found the easiest thing , a microwave pizza .
an involuntary cough forced the hard thing onto the back of his teeth and he spat it out .
after all , its not like it was a thing of beauty or some kind of museum piece .
what s so special about this , ah ... thing ?
poor thing , martha cooed .
by the way , i ran into martha first thing this morning .
said harry , i never want to see that fucking thing again in my life ... and another thing , what do you think you ll do with the evidence now that you ve got it .
... what a shame the fucking brits won the war ... on and on he went , but no matter where his diatribe wandered it always ended at the same destination : this fucking claw ... will you look at this fucking thing , i m saddled with .
people would want to know where it came from and if i had dumped it , chances are someone would get killed , so i ve stored the fucking thing for the last thirty years or more .
that bloody thing is heavy and not easy to get through thick bush with .
where would he get such a thing ?
there is no sin in putting a wicked thing to a good use .
where did you put the thing you showed me before i left ?
forty years we ve been building this thing .
this thing is barely out of the egg .
but , and this is the thing , a couple of us at ... in our laboratory ... had considered the possibility that such a thing , if created , could actually be large enough to transport something quite large .
not a man amongst the men had ever seen such a thing before .
how could the spanish build such a thing ?
although he could not tell anyone else of his fears , captain rob was beginning to worry that the treasure was not the only thing they had taken with them from puerto bello del la cruz .
officer , do you mind not shining that thing in my eyes ?
when she disappeared into the bathroom , i found the closest thing and hurled it at nicholas in fury .
the only thing she always had on her at all times was her cell phone , and sure enough , when they checked it they found a tracking device .
she was expecting it to be a really heavy thing where shed struggle to hold it steady , let alone shoot it straight .
i m the only thing you can rely upon , you pointless excuse ; you re a disgrace ; you re a waste of skin ... so that we can end this properly , finished derek .
how could he concentrate with that thing in his head ?
she took photos of famous places and things but there were no reference points .
a photo of the eiffel tower is simply a photo of a thing without someone you know in the photo , it may as well have been ripped out of a travel guide .
that was a quicker retrieval than previous rounds which lent carly to think that maybe there was more than one bullet in that thing .
on the way to the park , it seemed like just the thing .
about then , the guy started talking on the megaphone thing .
i bet there was maybe 50 in the little wax paper thing they were in .
so what can you tell look , heres the thing .
how in the world did you stumble on this diamond thing ?
you could navigate this thing as well in the dark as in the broad daylight and it could do it all by itself even better .
after my shower there is no way i ' m going to gullet that thing , so i hide down below till i can smell it cooking .
i chew on another bite of the succulent fish , i ' m so glad i did nt have to clean the thing .
i mean this thing looks like it killed an entire population .
` ` you need to clean this thing out seth . ''
flying in this thing is definitely the coolest thing about finding these guys , okay maybe not as cool as the black forest cakes , but it 's close .
besides , this thing can fly all by itself if we let it . ''
` ` you have to take us out on that thing one day . ''
marissa 's gathering up things and places for us to sleep . ''
` ` can you lower that thing ? ''
same kind of thing we used when marissa was little .
i just hope they have gas stations and that thing actually works , because i think were now too far away to walk back in any amount of time .
yes , i ' m still keeping this thing .
i figure i 'll sleep for a little while and then when jim stops to use his gas thing , i 'll take a look around in the back for the surprise .
it was n't the kind of thing he could look up in the troubleshooting section of his owner 's manual .
the ugly gnome is down on the bottom shelf , its face all chipped and scarred like the woodcarver got mad at the thing he was making .
the hard haft of the knife in his right hand counterpoints the warm wet thing he holds in his left , his palm pressed flat to the bodys chest to hold it against the wall as he drives the blade home , again and again .
the forest with its clickety - sloosh things .
the thing was under the porch .
he was sure of that , because the thing was his and only his .
the thing could drop from the limbs of that big red maple at the edge of the lawn .
the thing licked under the soft part of his chin .
put the fruit back in the basket and hand the whole thing over .
he applied the gauze as tightly as he could manage and practiced some quick draws from an imaginary holster ; once vaguely satisfied , he headed to his room and the black cargo bag for the real thing .
the thing you used to conceal your identity during all your devilish deeds in banks will now stop you pleading your innocence as your long awaited meeting with justice looms large .
i want to say i have just the right thing to fit in the hole and point at jason but we quickly begin gathering more sheets and anything within arms reach to stop the water .
the pilot house is still the only thing sticking out of the water .
i turn around recognizing my favorite voice and see tim standing behind me with a plate of what looks like some kind of potato and meat thing .
at least i think we are because i do nt know how to navigate this thing .
well its going to take a while to get to connecticut on this thing .
that thing is a joke in heavy wind .
with no wind this thing is as good as a barge .
our neighbor used to own a charter schooner , spent a lot of time on that thing .
truebut one big storm and that thing is toast .
this thing is nt an original is it ?
if its the one i think it isi ca nt tell from here but i think its the catamaran , were not going to catch it with this big thing unless we get another storm .
i think you could see this thing from the moon .
i could nt believe this old thing had it in it , but you guys won .
he says he runs , but as far as i can see there s nowhere to run on this thing .
we decide to leave first thing in the morning .
i try and imagine myself going out on one first thing in the morning for a full day of fishing .
only thing that s open at that time .
i got ta say , it was the best thing i d ever tasted in my life .
a plan formulating , this downpour might be just the thing i needed to slide in that curveball .
some luxurious hotel / resort thing that i never heard of because i m not in that price bracket .
i opted for the whole thing having been replaced .
i dropped a few of my things into the trunk and double - checked my passport .
i thought you loved that thing ?
i traded three coins for a week in this thing .
it had to be a physical intrusion , it was the only thing possible .
sato continued without my input , i need you to work outside of my influence , the only thing i can supply you with are bitcoins .
it was a shiny gold thing with a large letter b medallion on it .
but there was one thing that did match what i was told to look for .
if you go on along the side of the billabong another hundred yards to the next open camping area you start to find the bits of rubbish you would expect scattered around the bush , at a campsite , nothing much but things like bits of old paper , a cigarette butt , a bottle top , an old can , the things a fisherman might have dropped over the last few years .
if you go on along the side of the billabong another hundred yards to the next open camping area you start to find the bits of rubbish you would expect scattered around the bush , at a campsite , nothing much but things like bits of old paper , a cigarette butt , a bottle top , an old can , the things a fisherman might have dropped over the last few years .
so as well as picking up things it is like someone has swept the dirt surface , maybe using a branch .
so it was agreed , they would make the run down to yulara tonight , and seek to view the footage first thing in the morning .
this time it showed a full face picture of the girl up close and as sharp as day when the technician zoomed in , richard whistled , she s a sweet looking thing , wonder what they will be doing for the night .
it was tim , and he must have heard her because next thing he was standing next to her car , looking in at all her things .
tonight , i will give to her a thing to make her blue eyes shine even brighter , brighter than a desert sky .
can you tell me what became of this thing , that which told the story of his life , his diary ?
i saw a searchlight beam right over the thing that i was under and a few footsteps advanced in my direction .
get that thing out !
ai nt you a little cute thing , said one of the boys they passed .
gay guy with that cute thing .
besides , i own the damned thing ; ill break it if i wan na .
what in the world are you doing with that thing ?
well spend the night here and check out of the hotel first thing in the morning , derrick replies .
i will call geoff first thing in the morning to check on things .
he even sleeps with that thing .
i pull out the only sexy thing i packed and put it on .
it is so much cooler under this thing .
her hair was down and she had this little nighty - shirt thing on .
the doctor gave me this plastic bag thing to put over the cast so i can shower easier .
the real thing was far from dainty or delicate .
the bulky bodied inmate was squeezed into a petite desk , one that resembled the same type of uncomfortable metal and wooden thing that had once been used by the psychologist during high school .
the thing worked entirely on a battery source .
whatever it was and wherever it came from , the little white thing was right at the core of the whole mess .
` ` the only thing you move is white powder and your finger on a trigger . ''
one day you ll be old enough to read this type of thing .
how smart was this thing ?
and that pretty little thing , he said , pointing at valerie , well just call her dessert .
with his arms gone , the yoke around his neck was the only thing keeping his body from tumbling to the floor .
he simply crushed the thing in his hands .
what the fuck is that thing ?
that thing has nt jerked one millimeter , has nt emitted so much as a peep , even though the batteries test fine .
as he had all day , he thought he d let jill take it , but the damn thing kept ringing .
man , i almost stepped on the damn thing , blended in with the sidewalk .
the thing was gigantic and pink and had certain other attributes that emphasized sexual pleasure without great subtlety .
the damn thing could nt have been more harmless .
the thing went off , did nt it ?
but i still say horn easily could ve set the thing off by accident .
set aside the localewhich was nt all that unusual , federal installations being natural targets for terroristsand concentrate on the unique aspect of this thing , which was the artificial legs .
the bookshelf featured mostly self - improvement books , easy paths to wealth and happiness , that sort of thing .
she s a scrawny thing , not much meat on her .
the thing smelled rottenbut maybe that was the melted cheese .
he contemplated whether to bring in a pulley , attempt to hook the thing and get it partway off the ground .
its a real joy wearing that thing indoors , too .
he set the whole thing inside the workshop door and checked his watch .
they d just gotten the woman into the ambulance when the damn thing detonated .
else i break every fucking thing in this place .
hand me that thing .
and its the real thing , colin said .
that luxury condo thing up the street from the dance club these guys picked us up from , alex said .
oh greta , you poor thing .
i bet it was either on her computer or ... is there a super - secure place where alex kept things ?
ill have to ring them first thing in the morning to ask when he left them .
then she switched off the light and departed with a grumpy , ill be back first thing .
so , signor cartwright , the thing you found in tonis hand binds his death to the vitelli .
i do nt know , said ben , doubtfully taking the thing in his hand .
i do nt want the bloody thing to go off and hit me in the foot or something .
i found a thing like that on the body of toni cimbrone , he said accusingly .
i do nt want the damn thing .
that was the sort of thing they needed for an escape .
there are the things here to make a cup of coffee , she announced .
here it is this metal thing .
this thin thing is nt much use anyway .
we had so much fun in that tree house all the games we played and the things we made .
they let me go to the cabin to gather his things since i was the closest thing he had to family .
there 's something the matter with the damn thing . ''
her things were scattered over a wide area .
we could drive all night to be one bid be on that golf course first thing in the morning to kidnap the politician lee weng yew . ''
she hardly wrote in the stupid thing anymore .
her roommate may have had a point about that old thing .
another few seconds and your mind would have been trapped inside that thing .
why would reginald , the mighty lord of the wolf clan lie to a sweet little thing like you ?
damn thing needs sharpened .
wondered if she would blossom into the same pretty thing her sister had become .
` ` the other two bags have the same thing .
the harbinger rolled several feet away after hitting the ground and matt quickly thought , i know what this thing can do and i wo nt make the mistake i did last time with fair play .
poor thing had no idea what she was doing and could not stop herself .
the king waved his hand motioning triviality , the ability to see visions , clairvoyance , precognitionthat sort of thing .
so where has the pretty little thing gone ?
growing more excited as her understanding of the science grew veronica slid forward on the sofa , you can communicate to the dead and the unborn with this thing ?
you do nt know how to use that thing .
they appeared almost like zombies , fresh from the grave , needing whatever it is zombies need first thing in the morning .
how do you drive this thing with the seat up so tall ?
` ` thank you , '' he said , taking a pull of the thing before exhaling in a well - earned sort of sigh .
permit me to ... '' he had taken out a small , solid gold cigarette lighter from his waistcoat pocket but cranston had put his hand on the thing to stop him .
i took the thing from him and lifted the cover .
i held the flame close to the thing , finding upon it a single line of writing , which i read out loud : there ll be a bad trio at the club tonight playing la marseillaise .
` ` if ever you listened , with your entire body , to a thing , make it tonight . ''
` ` i ve been trying to catch sight of this thing all night but i m afraid i m no closer to any answers .
the constable came by in the morning and found the door to his cell unlocked and the thing itself completely empty .
the thing ended with a pointed chin as sharp as his neck tie .
just the sort of thing for a little afternoons improvement , i thought .
but i had no further time to study the thing .
` ` i ca nt say i have , '' said k , examining the thing .
leaving him in the lounge i took a slow , steady walk onto deck and around to the front of the thing .
we boarded through the next door , at the very front of the thing and just behind the engine .
slipping my index and middle finger around the thing , i pulled sharply and ripped off the large red button which had been sewn there .
` ` alston was at the caf first thing .
i said , beaming uncontrollably like a schoolboy , unable to take my eyes from the thing .
turning the thing on , he placed the earpiece of the foxhole radio in his ear .
the thing sparked and flame came to it solidly .
i had woken him and , starting , he quickly thrust the thing back in place before registering that it was me .
` ` rather , '' i replied , remarking how lovely the thing was .
i brought the thing back to victoria .
he tried the trigger a few times , blew through the chamber and filled the thing up once more .
holding my gun ahead of me i wriggled through the opening and down into the thing .
some military damage still adorned the outer - casing of the thing as a reminder of past glory .
said our man , tapping the thing against his temple .
cranston took the thing from me and pocketed it .
making sure it was fully loaded i snapped the clip back into the thing and held onto it tightly .
doing as instructed i started knocking on doors , but it did n't take long to find the thing .
just when we need some official help like gun permits , batterin rams , night goggles that sorta thing .
in the living room the furnishings were all arts and crafts antiques the real thing , not modern reproductions sitting on white wall - to - wall carpeting .
she did nt seem very impressed by the old thing .
she was a petite thing with mousy hair , a delicate mouth , and a pair of square nerdy glasses .
dropping immediately back to the floor , i cursed the inaccuracy of the damned thing even though it was nt exactly made for shooting at targets .
the damn thing would be worthless against a rifle .
taking a quick walk around the impala , i saw the poor thing was in no condition to go anywhere the rear bumper was crumpled , the metal of the trunk was bent , and the door had a huge dent .
the bass thundered , the drums pounded , and the growl of the singer was almost like the real thing .
it was a heavy thing and from the fresh scratches and marks on the green paint , apparently it had lived up to the advertisement and had withstood easy theft .
i do nt understand why i have to put on this thing , she complained .
feeling embarrassed at my granny nightgown , flannel robe , and how i looked first thing in the morning , i excused herself to go upstairs and get dressed .
the only thing i ' ve had is shrimp cocktail , '' i confessed , suddenly afraid i would hate it .
the only thing she can think of to use as a weapon is the aluminum softball bat by her bed .
i ' m here with you , and we 'll leave first thing in the morning , '' he promised .
i m sure the wrongful death lawsuits will be filed first thing monday .
i m sure hell be at the boardroom awaiting you first thing in the morning .
that thing you do nt smell is thallium sulfate .
glad to see this thing works under pressure , she said before she brought herself back up and threw the ar-15 in front of her .
after stealing thing for a few years , sherman finally figured it was time to try and get lynn to go with him on one of his los angeles trips .
there were the years of stealing things from people in the red mountain area .
the thing could creak and groan like an old man on its death bed , but hopefully the car still had some life in it .
in other news memorial service for nathan johnson starts tomorrow at 2 pm over at the miller funeral home on essex my heart banged and i swatted at the dial , turning the damn thing off .
it made me stop and think of another night when i had seen such a thing .
the crystal was only thing that could defeat them , and when she did that , she had let more vampires and demons into meadows creek than there were geeks at a star trek convention .
its hot in this damned thing .
at least i do nt have to get into that thing , he said , eyeing the hanging restraint system .
same thing disguised , along with a knife .
the only thing that stood between me and them was a glass window and i was prepared to break it and open fire if necessary .
hate the damn thing , anyway .
the thing was hella scary .
she hella shredded that worthless thing .
this thing does nt belong to miss sands ?
where did you get that thing ?
i ve known her for quite a while she would nt wear that evil thing , bro , feinstein its probably hers man .
i found this thing at the murder scene .
get that thing away from me bruh !
oh you poor thing , she said sadly .
that thing belongs to the devil .
he turned the damn thing directly at keith .
he turned the damn thing on high so the balls shot out like rockets .
and the thing sparkled .
what in the hell is that ugly thing ?
i think i ve lost my appetite after looking at that thing , brother , mr . bernstein said hotly .
that thing could ve been in his pocket , dude , keith said , drinking whisky .
get that thing out of my face , dude !
let the thing drop !
the stinky thing you re smoking .
i saw your wrinkled mother at the booby - bar shaking her thing again , lt . betha said firmly with a smirk .
great - great - granny nessa 's hair might be quite an interesting thing to put in a locket , but it 's hardly a bargaining tool , or the key to world domination .
' i think my thumbs are too big for this thing , ' nightingale grumbled .
i do n't know why you hang onto this old thing , it must cost you a fortune to keep getting it repaired . '
i want you to bring me this nil thing as soon as you can , but do not use it until we see what it is , you hear ?
van held the thing in both hands and sunk his teeth into the tomato .
i m fixin to look into that gate thing .
he is the brain that developed this thing .
mercy , what s a pretty thing like you doing in here ?
she would have to buy a few things and find a place to stay , but she was nt going to leave his side , that was for damn sure .
then one day she disappears and does nt take a thing .
it was a shiny , black thing that operated a lot faster than my old one had .
the note was the only thing she intended to leave me .
i would go as far as to say it was the nicest thing i had ever seen .
when he yawned , it surely looked like the real thing .
the way i figured it , i did n't owe the man a damned thing .
the girl was the purtiest thing i ever saw , with eyes as bright as cornflowers and long , golden hair in flyaway ringlets .
it was a thing of beauty , made of fine , pliable leather .
` ` it 's the most beautiful thing i ever laid eyes on , '' she said .
i wanted to curse my birth mother for seeing such a vile thing .
it was certainly the last thing redding expected to see hanging in a classroom .
how the hell you afford this thing anyway ?
now this phone call first thing in the morning .
people do nt give a damn where things are made anymore , he was fond of barking , this , coming from his catbird seat of owning perhaps the only thriving manufacturing plant anywhere in the vicinity , there s no money to be had in this country from cranking things out .
people do nt give a damn where things are made anymore , he was fond of barking , this , coming from his catbird seat of owning perhaps the only thriving manufacturing plant anywhere in the vicinity , there s no money to be had in this country from cranking things out .
going after husseins head for the twin towers attack , which was like ordering john dum dum bristlings head on a platter because some hells angels had come to your country and blew up a few things .
cruising along in a jeep full of comrades , drive over a landmine and have the thing flip and crush half of them .
i have nt found a damn thing !
packed among her things is a perfect olive green uniform taken from a soldier the others had offed specifically for this purpose .
steve crawls past the hotel , which features an abnormally wide marble entranceway between a caf front and a coffee shop , both permanently and prematurely put out of business , by the looks of things .
but who was to say modifications had nt been made in the months upon months since they lost interest , and anyone bothered fiddling with this thing , or that it did nt function differently here , period ?
herr meyer , wear the suit you re wearing today and visit herr muller first thing .
put that thing away before you put out somebodys eye .
you think i m going to take her side just because were both chicks and she bought me a delicious mocha coffee thing ?
you think this thing would get my butt in the air , cracker ?
well , you know i ve always hated the darn thing .
i stained the damn thing .
creepiest son of a bitching thing he d ever seen .
you were this incredible , amazing thing .
oh , yes , paul ; i forgot ; how could i not remember that this thing here , she pointed with malice at lisa , is none other than your nose !
he concluded , anyway , look at the thing ; she s dead to the world now .
you can get rid of her as i only wanted the thing to be my second nose , so that i could get more drugs into my being , declared the addict nonchalantly .
before the final ceremony of wicked beings begins , mr and mrs racid , when you see this diabolical thing sometime soon , will you give a wink at him , and say , jake misses you !
why did i even touch the damn thing in the first place , let alone drink the entire bottle ?
there were large orange flowers with green vines connecting them , and he had to admit that it was the ugliest thing he had ever seen .
oh well , ill call her first thing in the morning .
the poor thing only sat there and watched you drive away .
i realize this is the only thing ever leaving this place .
he hit the thing many times with all his might , but it just kept coming ; like it did nt feel any pain .
he finishes his class by explaining how to read the thing , and how to understand our assignments .
i have a thousand questions to ask him , but i realize this thing is not top anymore .
paul finally makes a funny and asks , i wonder if that thing has any fish in it ?
he would call his ex prison pal frankie medford first thing in the morning and lay it all out for him .
he called me up first thing this morning , ballin his eyes out and i guess i felt kind of sorry for him cause we ' ve been hangin around for quite a long time and all he was doing was trying to get laid .
the whole thing is gone .
banner shrieked , when carol returned with the appointment card.my son can not go around with that thing on his head for four weeks.he needs to see a doctor today .
charlie , '' she said , stroking his thigh.how do you log onto this thing , anyway ? i ca nt figure mine out . ''
jeff stopped at a traffic light and pulled out his cell phone.he dialed the number to work and wondered to himself how far this was going to go.he had started having problems with his stomach that had all the earmarks of a baby ulcer.he had also started having trouble sleeping and kept having the same re - occurring nightmare.the theme was always the same.he would be walking through a battlefield.in the distance a mob of sick and dying people would be staggering towards him.in one hand he held the cure pill.in the other he held the poison.as the moaning , crying mob approached , he would reach for the cure pill and it would be gone.the poison would be the only thing remaining.as the mob collapsed on top of him he would wake up in a cold sweat.he did not believe in symbolism , but the meaning of this dream was smacking him in the face .
jerry continued around the 285 loop until he arrived at the tucker exit.pulling the paper out of his pocket , he checked the address sheila had given him.the lab had to be only a few miles down highway 78 to his destination.he slowed down when he got closer to the general area of the address.the odd numbers ran consecutively on the left side of the street.finally , he found the number he was looking for:2107 highway 78 was an abandoned looking house.jerry pulled into the driveway and stared at the dark building with its boarded up windows and demolished walls.there had been some kind of fire that had rendered the thing a lovely shade of black.the debris in the front yard was piled several feet high , and included a bathtub and a rusted - out hot water heater.this was too weird for words.if this house was a lab , he lived at the white house.what if the fda went looking for this place ? the cockiness of dominex went way beyond any reason.jerry pulled out a small camera and snapped a few shots of the dilapidated building.the sun was almost down , but he caught the essence of the situation.backing out of the driveway , he headed for home .
okay , '' the detective said.but i will need that file first thing in the morning .
sometimes i can hear the screaming through the phone receiver when i walk past her desk , '' sam added.i have been thinking about this all week and i ca nt come up with a thing .
oh , i almost forgot i was in the bloody thing , '' she laughed.you know , not only did i not feel any discomfort from going off my medication , i found out that i really did nt need it anymore . ''
without another word , sheila happily presented david manning with the only thing that was going to allow him to retire in peace.whats this ? ''
the strange - looking thing he d spotted on the photo was to the right of the mound , which meant farther south .
a three - foot high wall of headstonelike rectangular slabs ringed the whole thing .
but nothing could match the effect of the real thing up close and still warm and oozing .
i ca n't say it 's a terribly nuanced novel , but it 's one of my favorites for the sheer joy of being able to rap that thing out .
( hpl fans will recognize the opening line as a riff on his the thing on the doorstep . )
always on to the next new thing before the crowd had tuned into it , always into the exotic and esoteric .
` ` you went to all that trouble for this itty bitty thing ? ''
shed dyed her chia pet hair orange and sheathed herself in some shapeless , green - and - yellow thing that made her look like a brown manatee in a muumuu .
he looked down at the thing in his hand , blinked , then looked again .
man , he might even go out himself and give the thing a spin to see how much pizza grease he could smear over the car .
can you drive this thing ?
i wo n't even miss the thing . ''
` ` if you and chicky - d had gone to see aggarwal first thing in new york , your visit might have stretched to lunch time .
dana ordered chowder , and moore stuck with the thing he ate whenever it was on the menu , a french dip sandwich .
` ` there 's somebody in that thing . ''
` ` if what i suspect is true , the only thing that we have on luck is from the law office .
a couple of hours is n't even long enough to make a dent in the security carns probably has on that thing .
the front door split the house evenly ; two windows on each side , and was the only thing with paint attached .
you have a remote control for this thing or what ?
i stretched down for my things - my bag was gone and so were the melon and my book .
the inmates finished their smokes , rose and packed away their things into the corner of the room .
i m surprised you made it back in that thing , mike laughed ; pointing to my car .
it was the one thing i still had that my mother gave me from when i was a kid .
i never really read the thing .
he lied , he read the whole thing .
now , this thing has something special .
what are you doing with that thing .
jesus fuck randy , get that thing away from me .
this thing , was what was left in the broken and smashed body .
sporty thing .
i can see this thing falling , both of us can and we both watch as it hits the ground and explodes .
got the bar sent over first thing , check to see it was the murder weapon , check to see any fingerprints .
there s a guy in front of me , kind of tall and well built , he has nt shaved and he s wearing the works , skin tight black trousers ( not really my thing ) , black top , black gloves , even his hairs black .
there s one other thing in the cell , a kind of wooden contraption i do nt really understand , but frank gestures at it and says what do you think ?
then the tattooist can sort it out , make it better , but do nt just go in there and choose any old random thing , you ll really regret it .
you ca nt take that , you sure as hell wo nt be able to take the real thing , he yelled , egging her on .
he could think of only one thing .
you know how many ex - soldiers i ve seen with this thing you have ?
you launch that thing and we all die , you fool !
and this thing is gon na do a hell of a lot more damage than a couple of fucking bullets , pauly .
i ve got just the thing for you .
the only thing left in the room was a stuffed animal on the floor that must have fallen out of the box he 'd just taken down .
` ` my husband said your things finally make the place look fit to live in . ''
it was the one thing she 'd been willing to spend a little extra money on .
you did such a wonderful and selfless thing by giving us your patrick 's things , and we just did n't think any other name would work . ''
` ` the doctors just wanted to keep him a while longer to monitor him , but he should be released first thing in the morning . ''
` ` stop pointing that thing at me . ''
i will be by your office first thing in the morning .
as i moved closer to him , i saw that the hammer was n't the only thing that fell to the floor .
he never took a thing from the homes that he invaded .
as he stared at it and took in the whole thing , he realized that it was one of the finest coffins that he had ever constructed .
the only thing that remained was the cold , steel table in the center of the room .
she said that the partners wanted to see us first thing in the morning .
` ` there 's only one thing a woman could offer me that would interest me more than steak , '' danny said .
` ` he says the next time he sees you he s going to stick the damned thing up your hind end and leave on . ''
it 's the same kind of thing that i found when earl started fooling around on me .
` ` how many copies of that thing are there ? ''
at the opposite end the walls were still up and the roof was intact , but it was obvious that after a few more angry spring storms the whole thing would come down .
` ` if you take any pictures of my guy 's faces , '' he told danny , ` ` i 'll rip the film out of that thing and feed it to you . ''
i ' m not touching that nasty thing ! ''
` ` but just to be safe , why do n't you point that thing someplace else .
do nt you wear a collar thing ?
` ` oh please , the only thing we make in this country is ebt cards .
` ` yeah , a rectangular thing with pages and writing on them .
i would nt be caught dead wearing that tacky thing around my wrist .
sit down and get this thing out of here if you want to live . ''
exclaimed aunt marilyn , this sure is quite the , um , well , what is it you call this thing , tim ?
you do n't need to sleep on this musty old thing .
we shut the thing off once we d witnessed her bent double over the porch and proved it really was the morning in question .
but heres the thing , prentice said .
i did nt like the way the man was looking at me , as if he was eager for me to hold the thing .
gim me that thing .
i just stared at the thing in my hands .
if the police came looking for her , if they searched the camp , combed the landfill site , they would never find the things from her bag in the corn .
she wondered whether she could crawl all night in the corn and find the things he d thrown away .
this thing pressed up against your head .
be at hq first thing in the morning .
the government is just a thing .
the youngest mare in race two was a sure thing to the knowledgeable punter .
fly this thing ?
small little thing , but with quite a bite to it .
the gyrating tongue was the only thing left below his upper teeth .
serena could never get comfortable on the damn thing .
and i did nt throw a damned thing at him .
we 're never going to find this thing if you keep arguing . ''
he crouched down to collect the thing that had hit him .
look , what can i do to convince you to give the thing to me ?
yeah , a few shots to the head and mouth would work for me but he would never give the thing to me then .
he could nt have the thing with him now .
i tried to place the call as quick as i could , though i did n't understand how they could stand these shiny things with all the numbers on them .
he pulled out his gun just after we had him surrounded , we all got defensive , but before anyone could get their own piece out he suck that thing halfway in his mouth and ate one .
he might sort that out first thing in the morning but only after he 'd slept on the night 's events .
the minister 's signature also looks convincing - so convincing it may be the only thing that 's not forged . ''
i ' ve watched and learned a thing or two . ''
this blenheim is the only thing that will possibly fly .
i got up through a trap door but when it came to crawling back again the damned thing was fast so i crawled round till i found this skylight .
i knew what she was thinking and after a moment i said gently , poor old thing , i know how you hate all this lying and deception and unpleasant advances from these men , but there 's just no other way , is there ?
the thing does nt fit into the room .
the little tiny round things are ceramic cups decorated with baby blue flowers that came with the cooler .
unlike humans , gods creatures , who possess none to one brain , fucked up biological chemicals , jumbled murderous emotions and that damn free will thing , will do the stupidest tasks to gods other creatures .
it was the damned oddest thing that angel had seen in all the times that she had consulted with the bureau in the past .
they also had troubled themselves into clothing the thing to protect it against the dirt that would strike it because of todays smoky strong winds .
he carried that thing around with him everywhere .
i finally had to hide the thing to wean him off of it .
yeathat means whoever did this has been holding on to this thing for a time or they troubled their selves with e - bay or some other web site to order it specifically .
usually , she stays inside , cleaning and rearranging , though careful not to move things that elaine may have put in place .
i try and get up but the tray is blocking my escape , even if i could get up that damn tripod thing i m attached to looks as if it would slow me down .
he leapt up , grabbing the nearest thing at hand , a poker from the fireplace that had nt been moved from last winter .
it was just a piece of rock , but it was the only thing his father had ever given him .
it was the coolest thing he d ever seen .
ill open your letter first thing in the morning , i promise !
so what you re tellin me , doc , is that the very thing designed to protect me from a bullet actually caused more injury than i would ve sustained if i had nt been wearing my flak jacket at all ?
well i guess you ll just have to pick it up , dust it off and plug that thing back in , because damn it , there s a lot of fight left in you and you ve got a lot of life left to live .
we once hand this rush hour thing you know , anyway he is a sweet buddy she laughed , this time hilarious .
nope , is just that i need a real thing you know , i mean real action girl she remarked too .
she went through to the calendar checked the date , she so messed that she checked almost every thing , 25th of the month , the date was .
` ` what the fuck are you doing with that thing ? ''
anytime you decide a bullet in the balls is your thing , you just go ahead and try something hero - ish . ''
` ` put that fucking thing down , '' he yelled at lucinda .
she knew why the woman called anna had given her this thing .
he held it in his hands now , the thing she had told him to hold in place with his arms crossed .
you think my sister 's driving that thing ? ''
the thing could have screeched while he was under the van and it would have been game over .
he tilted his head further back and saw the door , an old wooden thing with an arched top and a knocker , which he found amusing as he imagined a lighthouse keeper traipsing down two hundred steps just to answer the door .
a big wraparound window to let out the light from the lantern , which was a great metal thing with a big glass lens in the centre of the room .
billy plucked at one of the books and the whole thing came away .
an internal thing , citizens ' band radio maybe .
` ` there is one thing you could try , but you 'd have to find it , '' he whispered to her , not wanting her son to hear .
each step he took made the whole thing waver up and down , but the captain did n't seem bothered .
the only thing between billy and that knife was an open space where part of a spiral staircase had once been .
she closed her eyes and recklessly tore the damned thing open .
i do nt need to think son , it was dark and the stupid thing glittered in the car park lights .
open this thing up .
mummer asked bill , can you sail this thing ?
are there sick bags in this thing ?
when are you gon na realize that thing between your teeth will expedite your health decline ?
in the twentieth century , we had this thing called fission reactors .
she looked collected with not a thing out of place .
` ` how many times must i tell you not to point that thing at me ? ! ''
white noise filled his earpiece even after he tried several times in vain to turn the thing back on .
no place could be foolproof against the wiles of an incredibly resourceful enemy , but the basement came the closest thing to impenetrable sovereign security .
he quickly stole a stealthy look - see around the table looking for one thing in particular .
he had no idea how to drive the thing though , but he figured it had autonomous features that would prevent him from wrecking before he ever got to his destination .
losing situational awareness in these situations could have been fatal , but seth had just the thing for that .
most likely they would send a guy in first thing in the morning when the prisoners were most vulnerable ... and pliable .
` ` i expect to be read in first thing , agent . ''
made to look like the real thing . ''
the salesman had also told her the vantage had a bluetooth thing that could sync her phones signal with the cars voice recognition technology and speakers .
she cracked the thing in half and dropped it in scarletts cupped hands .
i had to buy the damn thing .
damien fitzgerald spotted the sign for the travel company , a red - and - yellow thing that filled the entire second - floor window of a brick building on mikocheni coca cola road .
he kept at it , jerking like a dog trying to get at something , and finally the damn thing started to slip over the bony protrusion .
the damn thing was like sticky glue .
she could think of only one thing .
after all , shed bought the damn thing from a third - world market .
outside , holding the assault rifle in both hands , diagonal across her chest like a soldier , scarlett felt like a pretender , considering she did nt even know how to use the stupid thing .
scarlett stared , transfixed by the clothed skeleton , the ghastly thing that had once been a mana man who likely at one time had a wife and a house and a family , a man who had felt fear and happiness and love , who had seen beauty in a sunrise and put value to money and obeyed the rules of right and wrong .
if they see you pointing that thing , they ll shoot us down .
then why are you pointing that damned thing at me ?
someone had touched her things and ruined the perfect peace and tranquillity of her private place , her sanctuary .
this scrawny screwed up unattractive thing was not what she had been expecting at all .
her hair , longer and messier than ever , needed washing and david was being his most frustrating , throwing his toys all over the place one minute then demanding things and throwing them on the floor too .
on his way back from the bathroom , he decided he needed something to eat and the only thing available was toast .
it was the only thing that fitted , so it would have to do .
anyway , how did you carry such a thing on your person ?
her legs gave way and she slid down to the floor , pleased the last thing she would ever see was a thing of beauty .
everything she got was on clearance , factory seconds , that kind of thing .
the thing i have .
who knew what kind of thing he had in there ?
the only other thing he could wear were sweatpants .
he saw thomas unzip his pants and pull his thing out .
the flesh colored thing was a baby 's leg .
the damn thing was just drifting .
joe thought : claire would kill me if i rolled this thing with devon inside .
when there was a lot of wind it would bang all night long and keep her awake and she 'd wonder when her dad would finally get around to fixing the damn thing .
tragically , the driver of the truck was still in the cab , trying to get the damn thing going again .
fad was the thing , a glorious extravagance .
i tried a few different places , and finally tracked him down at the intercontinental - the closest thing kabul has to a high - class establishment .
he said that they got some other guy - not one of the iranians , someone else - to put some money into the thing .
obviously i could nt pass for the real thing , any more than i could pretend to be a genuine afghan , but i felt that the effort would not be amiss .
i suddenly realised why they were so interested : no one but a career criminal would have a reason to own such a thing .
i swear this thing is rigged .
finally , having reassured myself that the thing was as solid as it was going to get , i slipped in the precious cargo , packed it down carefully and sealed the box .
taro dropped into the bedside chair that was standard to every love hotel room and was probably the least used thing in it .
radio works pretty well up here too , which is an upgrade in itself , but all that s on the thing right now are those damned reports from that shooting on fort bragg .
do nt have too much fun with that thing now .
not a thing was out of place .
that thing was creepy as hell .
that thing saved my life yesterday .
be careful with that thing , i said and grabbed the rest of the gear and shut the trunk .
i thought for a moment , fighting to find a way around the fact that i had never rappelled before and therefore had no clue how to strap that dog leash looking thing onto my rear end .
the book was ponderous but the professor made us bring the thing to class .
he provides the logistics support he needs : cars , safe houses , papers , that sort of thing , helps locate and isolate the target , and , '' he looked pointedly at vasily , ` ` keeps him from contaminating the local populace .
i stood inside the door for a moment , staring at the thing before me .
surprised , she says , you ca nt wear the same thing you wore yesterday .
his mother brought the tea things into the lounge , and the family sat around the little coffee table .
she was referring to jake , running thing from his secret viewing post .
frantically , i walked the whole thing searching every crevice and shadow .
all it would take was one day to soil the thing .
you still staring at that thing ?
someone went to all the trouble of getting us together to open this fucking thing , so what are we supposed to get from it ?
none of the things in the box fit together and that was exactly why the whole thing fit together .
i should ve just thrown the damn thing away .
the remote - looking thing in your hand .
do nt think i could get that thing into any room in my house .
i had emailed rich the night before and told him i would be in his office first thing this morning .
well it 's about time , margot i thought you 'd taken a vacation to colombia to get the goddamn thing , watt says , smiling .
yeah , but keep that thing hidden .
each corner was reinforced with a triangular fortification that made the whole thing look more like a star than a pentagon .
she might ve let the thing die , or she had nt answered the last call .
it was mostly the usual sort of thing , and at the end , next to a gap for mine , there was roses signature in neat blue script .
you are hungry , you poor thing .
you must be very upset , you poor thing .
the chalice was the only thing which broke the spell of frozen time that the crypt exuded .
within a minute there was a big crowd of us around the thing .
i mean look at this thing !
these tapes were the only thing anyone had to go on , the only thing that had a small chance of bringing up a lead on the killer .
he stopped her before she could do anything by pulling out a familiar piece of metal with the city pd stamp on it , the last thing she wanted to see .
the damn thing could be from oklahoma or even mexico .
` ` why are you wearing that thing ? ''
the only thing left was a small ladder to the roof .
yep , unwind the handle thing .
a pity this sort of thing only works once or your careers would be a sure thing with me .
i had prepared myself to rent any old thing from the rental company .
` ` interesting , '' steve said , putting together two cups of nestl 's instant espresso coffee , which is as close to the real thing as is scientifically possible and has the added advantage of being is ready in just under 1 minute .
he was nt sure if it was from the tension of almost being caught or having to shoot the warden with that thing .
i could nt wait to put on the real thing after i finished nursing school .
that t - shirt was a one of a number of things actually that were nt looked into properly , but it was the one thing that could have led straight to some other suspect and helped clear our neil .
every light was on and the damn thing was quiet as a mausoleum .
it was a heavy thing made of crystal and wood .
there stood the real thing .
hannah was n't going anywhere in that thing .
i have a feeling this thing is going to run at record speed .
some inventive reporter had tagged the thing the taj mahoney for all its grandeur in the midst of so much need .
homeless , displaced hispanic families , the poor of l.a . could be housed and fed forever on half of what it cost to build the thing .
` ` i mean , in your expert opinion , do you think it reasonable that this sixteen year old girl could set a deadly fire in two places , return to her room , have the presence of mind to put her half smoked joint in the same box of matches she used to commit arson and take the time to hide the whole thing neatly under her mattress before running back and sticking her hand in the fire ?
this thing is already too hot to handle .
finally he turns around and points the thing at me .
the thing was always pointing at my head like he was holding me hostage .
every damn thing i ever wanted : someone who needed me , nice things , and a good home for me and my kid .
` ` first thing in the morning , babe . ''
` ` i would have been in big trouble if that thing hit the window because i was just underneath it . ''
` ` jo , stop qualifying this thing .
it was dark and grainy , hardly the kind of thing that would make a photographer 's career .
the last three days she had loaned me a belt here , shoes there , jewelry hereeveryday at least one thing i had worn had come from her .
he pulled out a black ipod looking thing and with the push of a button , the room filled with music .
my mind was overtaken with the sword , the shiny , thick , curved thing that had sliced through jonathans neck like butter .
he pushed a button on a little pen looking thing and then railed on me .
he pulled out the pen - looking thing and clicked it again .
it was an old rickety thing and felt as if it was going to give way under my weight .
let me show you the trenches and a thing or two to keep you alive .
shut that damned thing off before the germans see us , the lieutenant said harshly .
it felt good to be free of the damned itchy thing .
the only thing there felt like a thick bandage .
-i need some background information you know , addresses , phone numbers , that type of thing - on some 42 individuals that have been selected for clinical trials of my new gene therapy vector , i try .
get a feel for the thing .
` ` yeah , its the real thing , a damn hot box .
lately i ' ve thought of turning the damn thing off . ''
they wanted something that looked impressive to justify the millions of dollars this thing cost . ''
if this thing was designed for effect , they sure as hell succeeded , bobby thought , no wonder the politicians thought they could win a computer war .
and the maintenance crew does n't have much to do , this thing never breaks .
the electric dragon project was going nowhere , and if it went somewhere it would be mary 's doing , since the damn thing was mostly analog , and he , major robert edward lee ( ' bobby ' to his few friends ) britton did n't know jack shit about analog .
she kept the computer outside with the typists because she did n't like the damn thing very much .
` ` careful with that thing , you could hurt ... alexa , what did you do ? ''
` ` this thing is too conspicuous , '' she announced , ` ` time to fade back into the crowd . ''
` ` i may have to pay for that thing . ''
bobby was as proud as if he had invented the thing himself .
` ` this thing shows you exactly where you are .
` ` life is wonderful , love is wonderful , '' she said , ` ` this thing is n't even a good watch . ''
` ` so is that line monitored or patrolled or checked or any damn thing anywhere along its entire length ? ''
alexa asked , ` ` what does this thing do ? ''
shut this thing off ! ''
for that matter , is n't that damned spy thing in there against the rules ?
it was a cute little thing , but not worth much in a fight .
put the damn thing on . ''
i 'll probably be arrested for impersonating a spook or some damn thing . ''
just a little thing , but then so is a grenade .
he drank the whole thing down .
to justify such luxury , he d downloaded the army survival manual into the thing and erased all his addresses and calendar items .
the thing had a sixer and really moved .
he set it up on the hotel room dresser and could nt take his ears off the thing .
he rented a scooter from across the street and rode the squealing thing all the way down alii , and when the traffic picked up he had to share the side lane with the joggers and cyclists .
he wondered if the man had ever caught a thing on his beach .
not knowing what to do with the golf cart he left it at his front door , grousing that they better let him keep the thing now that he was supposed to show his big balls .
she must have thought it was a sure thing , because she never seemed to know he was checking .
he checked it again first thing in the morning .
she found her coat lying on the ground too , a leopard print thing that hung lower than the dress , but not by much .
an old thin flannel thing , blue .
it had upbeat posters on the walls that said things like ` ` shoot for your dreams '' and had pictures of flowers and butterflies and things .
instead of the normal yellow speckled ass - end of a cancer stick , this thing was as black as the tar residue it was doomed to leave in your lungs .
alex hated the damn thing but every now and then it would come in handy for a sunday football game .
he rolled over to turn the damn thing off and let out a groan .
and god i know i m one the damn thing was skipping .
he needed some cover so he grabbed the largest thing in his area .
listen , we ca nt be too careful who we trust with this thing .
it was a thing of honor and symbolic of a tradition of service that extended far beyond the life and times of alex vaughn .
you hit that thing and , let me tell ya ; it really smarts .
the darn thing 's a nuisance i say !
did n't catch a [ expletive ] thing ! ''
the university is the only thing growing in this small , dying town .
staff gathered their things , returned their coffee cups , empty plates , and silverware to the serving table , and rushed out the door .
nobody would touch a thing unless she was called her off .
with a subtle motion he touched a small thing to his head , closed his eyes and never opened them again .
without waiting for a reply she grabbed hold of his frame and said then turn the bloody thing on .
it is in the next room , he replied in an amused tone , they wanted to make sure that if anything went wrong the closest thing to their research was a gun .
but wait just a moment , i said to her , you re telling me that that thing was casting ?
aeniah was quite correct in her assertion that hoppers were not fast , the thing seemed designed with comfort in mind and not exhilaration .
to davie the thing looks like an instrument of torture or the skeleton of a defeated alien invader .
davie 's thigh catches the corner of the table and the whole thing lurches with the impact .
he catches the tub with his upper arm , feels the pressure of contact and withdraws , moving his right arm across his twisting body to steady the thing before it makes any noise , but he is too slow .
i used to wait all weekend for the bloody thing to ring .
leona can feel the weight of the thing in her palm and she looks at bex for reassurance .
every time that he watches the damned thing crawl through the seconds he gets that drowning feeling again .
as far as ted is concerned the bloody thing is an accident waiting to happen .
once in the damn thing he has to concentrate .
there 's a travel place out by tesco , you know where you come off the tiverton road , or there 's a lodge thing out at roundswell .
the thing has been opened before and the seal is already broken .
we ai nt got a thing , milder said bluntly .
he has nt a thing , and he s not about to get more .
driving now , josie said , you seem to know how to handle that thing .
or maybe they wanted to shag in their native environmenta luxury hotel , of which the miramar was the closest thing so tom town had to offer .
` ` anyway , this thing had pretty disgusting security .
the thing takes , like , a dozen bullets , like it was nothin ' , and , and then it just disappeared ! ''
` ` of course it is n't a flag , but it 's the closest thing i ' ve got here . ''
the whole thing was very unimpressive and very old .
this thing could have been some relic from the past .
through the speaker , she heard , ` ` the goddamn thing .
you can barely hold the damn thing !
` ` we ca n't use that thing ! ''
of course the goddamn thing is ready !
half of the questions included some bit of , ` ` what the heck is that thing ? ''
damn thing 's too sensitive , he thought .
` ` damn thing skipped right off the door jamb , '' jonathon continued , gesturing with his gun .
rather than getting the same old thing , they agreed to try the local cooking at a little diner .
` ` it certainly is mr . craig , '' elijah said in amazement , ` ` and you designed the entire thing . ''
there was a third person at the table : a mousy , inconsequential thing with an excruciatingly bad sartorial taste .
she was a mousy , inconsequential thing with an excruciatingly bad sartorial taste .
` ` that 's because you are n't watching the right channels , '' - grinned the younger one - ` ` television is a medium that is very easy to manipulate : special effects , stunts , old footage , montage , that sort of thing .
- said dan somberly - ` ` the images make an odd and incoherent selection : polish birth certificates , hungarian tram schedules , restaurant menus in german , that sort of thing .
` ` it was possible that the whole thing is booby - trapped and if i try to access any of the files , they will wipe themselves out , scramble themselves into meaningless hash . ''
the whole thing was almost amateurish .
then they copied the whole thing on three floppies .
they were nt in any of the cars , even though people in movies found them tucked inside the thing you use to keep the sun from getting in your eyes .
he tried a few versions of the same thing several times before realizing that though he was big enough to ride in the porsche , he was nt yet tall enough to drive it .
after 15 minutes , boricio could nt find a single thing , except for the panty drawer he d rifled through 73 times before .
you think its some kinda ... alien thing ?
` ` i ' m going to hide that thing if you keep staring at it . ''
we sometimes fight over who gets to sleep on that thing .
` ` i ' ve had that thing for three years now and still have n't messed with half the stuff in it .
i 'll go check on your cat first thing in the morning , but i work tomorrow , too , so i 'll be home late . ''
it was a simple thing , a plain item , the diamond with a shiny metallic coil encasing it .
i pictured myself shrugging to stand , working up the nerve to kick and kick , getting the thing to crack open .
* * * i stopped in to a liquor store , bought two bottles of wine and some bourbon , cavalier about the waste of money , knew i d never drink the stuff , bought three cheap things that would have been the same price as one decent thing .
lecia would nt have gotten a call first thing in the morning from the opening manager or anything like that , because when would the other employee have called out ?
setting it down , i saw a rather elaborate , heavy corkscrew , took it up , removed the cork , put the thing in my pocket , gave the cork a little kick , watched it skirt along the carpet , roll to a halt .
the whole thing seemed so shabby , so put together without thought .
i used the hair dryer mounted to the wallreminded of it by the burning orange of its power indicatorand did nothing else until the fabric was dry , until i d set the things on the bed mattress , a spot i verified was clean .
the platform where i waited for the yellow line was vacant enough that i decided to rid myself of the backpack , used one of the large trash bins set around back of the escalator on the far side of the platform , shoved it down , under the rubbishsmeared plastic containers of food , tied shut bags , newspaperseven thought about taking off my jacket and shoving this down on top , but knew this would draw more attention than it would help conceal the thing .
the second time its vibration shocked me just as much , even though i was looking at the thing , watching it wriggle about a half inch along at time , lazy in the direction of the toaster .
i began another message with the words somethings the matter with lecia erased a few of the words , started to type something else , flapped the thing closed and returned it to my pocket .
-hes like that , i said , focused on her cigarette , leaned in like i noticed something and the instant her eyes flitted to the smoldering end of the thing i reached one hand forward , cupping the back of her head , bringing her forward into the blade of the knife as i dug it across her throat .
i propped her head up with one hand and wrapped the thing around her face , the torn shirt long enough to go full around four times .
and then i stood up , glared at him , made a hissing sound , scratching my sides through my shirtdoing this until the crawling sensation all over me was so distracting , so claustrophobic i pulled the thing off over my head , lurched my arm back to throw it but the hand impacting the wall sent a numb shock through me , broke my anger , brought me low to my knees , laid me to my side , burying my face in the raised up bend of my elbow .
the doorknob turned , a tug made the thing thump , a key was reinserted , closing the other lock , the door was tuggedthis going on until the pattern that got it to open came off , a young woman , done up shabby , mussed from a day out dealing with some aggravation , came in .
the man , hand clamped over his mouth , entered the lobby , shook his magazine , made an annoyed face with one eye hard shut , tossed the ruined thing in the general direction of the trash and then , shaking his sleeves of thick moisture , the thit - thit of this against the wall bullet hard , he approached , stood idle , coughing inside of his throat , giving three quick hisses of air out his nose , his eyes closing through the length of these sounds .
just deciding to get it over with , i moved to the machine and popped up the lid , the soggy whir of the thing coming to a slow stop , the clothes slicked to the machine sides .
i scanned the thing around where the coins should be inserted , screwed around with the dials a moment , but the thing would not reactivate .
i scanned the thing around where the coins should be inserted , screwed around with the dials a moment , but the thing would not reactivate .
i hissed , not believing it , shook the thing down , cleansed it , reinserted it under my tongue .
it was his , which got me oddly excited , like it proved something , something about how he should nt have been there , gave him again this sense of interloper , of tourist , of the thing out of place and i urgently needed to keep him framed in such a way , the force of how garish he d been was not foremost in my thoughts , anymore , i was slipping into fatigue , fatigue making me feel guilty of everything .
i unzipped the thing , found a change of clothes , a paperback novel , a plastic bag with toothbrush and small tube of toothpaste , a stick of deodorant .
i shook the thing down , set it under my tongue , but just as quickly removed it , knew it was correct , that i did nt need to be ill to explain myself at this point .
someone had turned the volume on the television down , but had nt shut the thing off .
while i said this he was taking out his telephone , hit a button , said just a few words , quietly , closed the thing and ducked it back in his pocket .
he was reloading , causally , putting the little bullets into the thing daintily , clearing his throat softly every five seconds or so , then setting everything down , using his knuckles to massage a spot of his side and then a moment later putting everything down again , massaging a spot of his lower back with both hands .
he had the thing loaded , into his pocket .
he nodded , running his teeth along the length of the popsicle , then dropped the thing into the sink .
what i supposed was cynthias car was an old green thing , squat , very used , bumper stickers for several universities i doubted shed attended worn and made filthy with time .
the cliff was even smaller than the one at the mouth of the tunnel , and the only thing to look at was another tunnel .
ca nt you like knock on the door with that thing ?
do nt put the thing on silent or vibrate .
it was a small computer - looking thing with a few helicopter blades and solar panels .
i can barely see with this thing .
come on , stupid thing .
did you fly that thing ?
just then she remembered the nanos and the thing with the lasers that made the green grass and mountains .
is it okay to turn this thing off yet ?
that thing is way older than i am .
amazing how high this thing is .
it was a small thing that barely accommodated two people , never mind holding four .
when sarah and zorina had finally calmed down , their hair frayed and breathing hard , sarah muttered she knew they were nt the real thing and dropped the several stones she had in her hand .
truth be told , i would nt have the first idea about how to work this thing .
it was noticeable that the piece of paper was the cleanest thing on him : he looked , and , if she was honest , smelled as if he had not washed in days .
you poor , poor thing .
but they re too late , he almost laughed , they would never find a thing aboard the ship and his package was already delivered here in boston .
he feared she was right , the only thing they d found in these caves were shards of broken pottery .
he faced them all just before exiting , talk through it and you ll find its the only logical reason to build such a thing .
you know , i might have just the thing .
sorry hon , this is about as fast as this little thing is going to go , and we are nt going to be outrunning them .
if we stay in this thing we are just as likely to get swept under the table .
if you use that thing here , you re in as much trouble as i am .
but those are just a sampling of the places , things , what the kicker is , is that we ve always wondered why the entire planet seemed to grow up at the same time .
can you fly that thing , he yelled .
cause i do nt know if someone else can fly that thing and the men that follow in the cars will assume were still on the highway .
as i said before , i only need the information , it does nt matter who holds the real thing .
yershov cursed aggressively in russian , as he pulled on the arms of the obstinately immovable chair , before shouting at garnet , how do you move this fucking thing ?
personally , i had my doubts how long it would remain in place once the public were allowed access to the roof , it sounded just the sort of thing that some opportunist would remove as a souvenir of their visit , but then was not the day for voicing minor concerns .
the item that the police discovered was a prostitutes advertisement card , you know the kind of thing , i remember seeing them often enough in public telephone boxes when i visited london , and in my few brief days in pyongyang , it was apparent that as a marketing device it had caught on in abundance there too .
he was also amazed that pak min should have failed to warn him to what degree he featured personally in the would - be documentary , assuming that she had watched the thing itself before posting it to him .
jamal , this thing has been around since the 70s .
you are a pretty little thing .
who knows how far and wide this thing reaches .
and you think nathan had the same thing ?
the good news was that it was about the only thing on the property that was nt swallowed up by flames .
in july she had left north kensington secondary modern a scrawny little thing with no boobs , and had only had three periods since starting them just after she turned thirteen .
next time i saw her , she had a little dainty thing .
you poor little thing .
what would he do if he got his hands on the real thing ?
i do nt want some little rat thing , colm piped up , and sasha and patty smiled at each other .
lets see what this thing can do jack .
the cops are coming , push this thing .
steve was glad that robert wanted to meet tonight instead of the morning , the only thing he d have seen otherwise was the hotels restaurant and his room .
i would feel better knowing you were nt out until we ve got this thing cracked .
he works in this thing called a dark pool .
he had brought a blue notebook , the kind where you can tear each page off along little perforations about an inch from the spine , and like life itself the thing gets more ragged the further on you are .
he took hold of the biro , and squiggled deepening grooves until the thing ran black .
it was a square - type thing with a side door on the passenger side what s that , the offside ?
somebody appeared to have given up trying to restore it and had just built a shitty ski - jump there instead , a stupid thing perched on a birds - nest of steel tubes .
a big black thing .
the damned thing was in the house .
he thought about the birthday girl and her night out with friends , the pretty - looking thing with the fulsome body and the dark bob haircut .
they got the thing a couple of feet up .
i got them a picture frame thing for christmas , one of those electronic ones with digital photos .
and its only good as a camera because the lab geniuses had crossed the wrong wires and the thing gave the time as zero - zero o clock .
and i do nt want the chick behind the counter , this hot young tight thing with curly brown hair , i did nt want her to think i m a square .
says he s come across some counterfeit money , and if we could trade one thing ... ?
when that thing goes off in your hand , it ll wake you faster than coffee , even when you re expecting a call and you know the exact second its coming , which i was nt .
i ve never fired the thing .
i searched the house for a good place to hide the thing .
the thing needed to be accessible but not in the open .
i can take this thing somewhere .
i was like , do you even know how to use that thing ?
its this light , pussy thing .
i would ve shot more , but the fucking thing jams .
the whole thing is a hole . ''
they are planning a public unveiling for this thing .
` ` those things are not going to protect you from snakes whether you have a light or not , and it 's not the ground that 's slippery , it 's the pine needles .
he needed a weapon of some sort and the only thing available was the pickaxe .
i 'll need to move this thing closer to the hole so i can see what i ' m doing . ''
` ` no , put that thing down .
that thing probably rotted away years ago . ''
when she touched the thing , a vision of angie and her boyfriend flashed through her mind like a movie .
the state patrol and sheriff have this whistle like thing mounted in the grill of the patrol cars .
yea , i remember that thing .
probably because my papers are inside that would tie this thing together .
this thing might go off .
if this thing snaps you d best be out of the way .
at least they could nt claim we stole the darn thing .
i could nt see who it was driving because of the trees and bushes but i would swear i saw a government tag on that thing .
thompson must have hidden the safe because he could nt get inside the thing .
i would nt even walk on that thing let alone drive , chuck thought .
that thing is fifty feet tall or more .
jacobs whispered , it ll take all night to move this thing .
let me use that thing a minute .
if it collapsed while he or clark was inside then there would be no worries about putting things back in place .
shaking his head slowly he grumbled , this thing is never going to hold me up .
catfish called , ca nt you turn that thing off ?
ai nt no way , chuck that thing would fall if a fly landed on it .
stay with me on that thing and stay close . ''
he keyed the switch and asked , ` ` catfish , you got that thing on yet ? ''
he could nt hit the broad side of a barn if i locked him inside the darn thing .
also , there are no seatbelts in this thing .
the hood of this thing looks forty feet long .
i bet that old thing does nt have seat belts .
momma would never have made her wear such a thing to the airport .
most girls these days were so loose he could ram them up to their eyeballs , but this young thing he d only get to those mountainous tits that glistened with his saliva .
that thing had nt seen action in so long he considered it a jinx , and they rarely slept together in it .
how had gramm hidden such a thing in a headstone ?
the damn thing hurts worse than my stinking arm , samantha retorted as she rubbed the air cast .
well it will be the only thing coming off in another two weeks .
you ll have a temporary , high - level clearance in your desk first thing tomorrow morning .
shed never activated the thing .
we gathered some vegetables from the garden , but only a few things .
` ` no , it 's a fifty - three , newest thing on the road .
by the time we got to the river i was ready to pitch the damned thing out the window .
probably had some kinda device which set the thing off . ''
he loved that thing .
of course , honor knew full well that the only thing jack had had his hands on lately were the au pair 's breasts , but she would have died rather than admit it .
he would have died of shame before he showed up in the three - hundred - foot quorum queen , even though in sardinia , grace could hardly get him off the thing .
sinking into his uncomfortable chair ( helen had bought him the damn thing two years ago , for his back pain .
i 'll have to do something about a disguise first thing in the morning , before they release a new one .
as grace walked away , he called after her : ` ` d'you know how to use that thing ? ''
the whole thing looked like a scene from a currier and ives print .
he was n't sure whether to blame the whiskey , or the fact that during the night someone had surgically implanted a church bell into his cranium and was now ringing the damn thing at a hundred decibels .
` ` this thing flies ? ''
a church is the one thing we do n't have .
` ` i ' m familiar with general physics - falling bodies , that sort of thing . ''
` ` dangerous or not , illuminati or no illuminati , whatever this thing is , it most certainly should not be inside vatican city ... no less on the eve of the conclave .
` ` you think you can decipher this thing ?
let me see that thing again . ''
` ` what 's the date on this thing ? ''
` ` lift the damn thing , '' he said aloud , pressing harder through the tangle of bones .
the first guy jammed his shoe against the free end of the stretcher rail to stop the whole thing sliding across the floor .
next to the laptops was an empty cell phone cradle and next to that was an open spiral - bound notebook , new , letter - size , the kind of thing a high school student might buy in september .
` ` but what kind of a thing can disappear six people ?
easier to put in any old thing than to reprogram the software to get around it . ''
the door had a similar thing , narrower , set high .
it was an old - fashioned thing covered in red speckled vinyl .
it looked like the kind of thing a hardware store cuts while a person waits .
` ` what kind of thing gets played nine or ten or twelve times a day ? ''
within a minute he discovered a shirt was n't the only thing she was n't wearing under the suit .
the wallet was a slim thing designed to be carried in a trouser pocket .
are we happy to face having the thing turned around against us ? ''
the kind of thing people took on airplanes .
he liked the way he could pick his teeth afterward with the tasseled thing that had held the sandwich together .
` ` that thing with the rotation , '' reacher said .
echo checks , bit additions , that sort of thing .
surface configurations , shipment routings , that sort of thing . '
like clothing , or spare auto parts - that sort of thing .
every so often wright sticks his hand out the window , and he 's got this whirling thing , like a kid 's whirling top ...
` ` i 'll need to fly home first thing in the morning . ''
inflate the pieces , affix them to one another , connect the whole thing to the ice with pitons and wires .
` ` and i can tell you from having run this thing through a petrographic polarizing microscope that its nickel content is midrange - nothing like a terrestrial rock .
you could build a skyscraper on this thing . ''
this thing is going to break !
you do n't owe him a thing . ''
when all of their ammunition was gone , the united states sent in the real thing .
` ` do you have nightsight onboard this thing ? ''
` ` there 's no such thing , larry , '' herney said , steaming .
only one metal thing women carry could make a heavy thump like that .
looking at that thing you got on , you 're not a cheap dresser .
a big thing in dull metal , wicked circular blade , fresh sawdust caked all around it .
maybe in the really fierce heat of august she 'd break out her moschino shifts , but june and july , september too if she was lucky , her armanis were the thing .
by that point , the thing is no longer something that armani would recognize .
` ` like a fisheye sort of thing .
an old thing like this , nobody would give it room on their driveway . ''
first thing into the truck was the muzzle of the shotgun .
second thing into the truck was a glock 17 .
` ` same sort of a thing , '' reacher said .
` ` live or die , i 'll let you know , first thing in the morning , ok ? ''
it was a thin , crushed thing , no wire springs inside .
he figured the exact reason the bank loaned his father the money was so it could default him later and give the farm to the mexicans or the blacks or some damn thing .
there was a plain oak desk and matching chairs , big old round things like reacher had seen in old movies about newspaper offices or country banks .
` ` look at the damn thing .
look at the stock on that thing .
you grab that thing , your hand looks like a bunch of bananas around it .
then she could bend the tube at a right angle , and maybe use the whole thing like a flimsy tire iron .
the lock was the crudest thing he had ever seen .
tonight , because their line is going to be cut first thing in the morning . ''
the sort of thing a gourmet cook might buy .
he wasted a lot of time with that arizona thing .
` ` big black thing , scope , big muzzle brake on it .
` ` can you fly this thing straight and level ? ''
` ` i can fly this thing any old way you want me to , '' he said .
she wa'ant no ballerina , but it was her vacuumed the aubusson for the next year , and she never broke a thing .
i looked over in the corner , and what i saw was this thing that looked like a head made out of dust .
anyway , he sure managed to forget the right thing that night ; it was little but it was heavy , and it felt just right in my hand .
he 'd left his fingerprints in red on the front n back pages , too , and i made up my mind to burn the damned thing before he went to bed so the kids would n't see it and wonder what happened .
me and lisa mccandless were going to turn those fancy persian rugs downstairs - you 're supposed to do that every six months so they wo n't fade , or so they 'll fade even , or some damned thing .
so i got their passbooks from the bottom drawer of my little jewelry box ( i kep em there because it was the only thing i had in those days with a lock on it ; i wore the key around my neck on a chain ) and walked into the coastal northern bank in jonesport at about half - past noon .
she was wearin a billowy red - n - white thing that looked more like a cape than a dress - a caftan , i think they 're called - and she 'd pulled her hair back in a simple hosstail that was a long way from the fifty - buck hairdos she usually sported in those days .
once i 'd got that in my head , i could n't get rid of the damned thing .
she had a rollin pin , a great heavy thing made of gray marble veined with black .
` ` prissy little thing like that . ''
the briefcase was made from weathered cowhide , the sort of thing that already looks old when you buy it .
it was zipped open and there was a lot of folded paper stuffed in it , the sort of thing you see in a lawyer 's office .
there was a slim wedding band , and a platinum thing with a big diamond .
it looked like a hell of a thing .
the metal thing must be the bit .
and he guessed the horn was the upright thing at the front end of the saddle .
it was made of green enamel and had probably been the very latest thing around the time man first walked on the moon .
if you 're going to use this thing , you need to get very , very close , o.k . ?
you try to use this thing across a room , you 'll miss by miles . ''
` ` this thing is tiny .
that night i was certain the thing was under my bed .
there was a single air conditioner stuck in the fanlight over the door , a big old thing , a long way away .
in reacher 's day the army had wanted the same thing in the 9 mm blued - steel version , but the defense department had balked at the cost , which must have been about sixteen times the price of carmen greer 's eighty - dollar lorcin .
it was a small wooden thing with a fiberboard tongue on the back that would prop it upright on a desk or a shelf .
he had the look of a man who thinks if he reads a thing often enough , maybe it will change what it says .
they had tags slipped into little receptacles on the front , the sort of thing you see on office filing cabinets .
he lifted the whole thing out and tucked it under his arm .
` ` point that thing at me and i 'll shoot you , '' reacher said .
he could call pecos or fort stockton and get one brought down , first thing in the morning .
she could see a handle , and a lever thing , and a chain thing .
she could see a handle , and a lever thing , and a chain thing .
she did n't know what the chain thing was for .
she had to get the chain thing off .
it had a thing at the top that would close it automatically behind her .
she also wept at the thought of no tree , though luther had mercilessly driven home the point that they yelled at each other every christmas when they decorated the damned thing .
free frosty the damned thing proclaimed , in bold black letters .
the fx - 2000 bronzemat was cool to the touch , a very good sign because luther could n't stand the thought of crawling into the thing after someone else had just left .
he 'd gawked at the model and threatened to order the thing himself .
the thing was tight in all the wrong places , and when she walked , well , it was n't exactly comfortable .
poor thing was out there beating her brains out .
luther grumbled as he put the damned thing together , snapping one plastic section into another .
` ` the party is waiting , '' he said as they stuffed their things into the trunk of a police car , which was parked illegally at the curb in front of the taxis .
swimming in broth , the pasta and its filling jolted his senses and caused him to blurt , ` ` this is die best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
the door he was blocking was a plain gray metal thing .
it was a tall old wooden thing .
` ` has that thing got a speaker ? ''
but the whole thing looked crisp and expensive , professional and efficient .
it was the kind of thing you see for sale on the bowery sidewalks where the bankrupt restaurant dealers hawk seized inventory .
gregory used the remote thing from ten feet away , like anyone would .
a stylish thing , made by siemens .
best was a huge thing that showed detail all the way down to some individual buildings .
the kind of thing they would want to take on a journey .
` ` i hate that thing , '' pauling said .
but overall the thing was a handsome weapon .
none of them was the kind of thing a park lane rental company could have produced in a hurry .
the whole thing had been blown slightly off - kilter by two hundred years of relentless winds .
she 's going to get the same thing anyway as soon as perez gets back with the potato peeler .
the kind of thing the mail carrier puts around bundles of letters .
i figured it was the kind of thing a guy might keep around .
there was a bell on the desk , a small brass thing going green around the edges .
orders are to keep this thing tighter than a fish 's butt . ''
the whole thing was swaying a little in a soft southerly breeze .
it was a rectangular wicker thing , with a lid .
it 's just a thing .
` ` some old thing .
it was a tiny mother - of - pearl thing , silvery gray .
a tiny black thing , with lace , and delicate straps .
one other thing we did n't see in her house was birth control .
i found the same thing i was wearing and took it to the counter .
i said , ` ` i ' m prepared to do it without either thing if necessary .
the file she 's in is apparently some super - toxic thing .
57 the deer trestle was a big thing , built in an old - fashioned a - frame style from solid timbers .
i had seen such a thing before .
there was carpet on the floor , some kind of a persian thing most likely left behind by a previous occupant long dead of a heart attack .
` ` it 's easier for the motor pool to do the paperwork first thing in the morning .
the thing was as soft as a marshmallow and twice as buttery inside , but it had a big motor .
as in , when you get there first thing in the morning the day after tomorrow , what 's on your desk ? ''
she dumped the magazine , ejected an unfired round , checked the chamber , racked the slide , and then put the whole thing back together again .
` ` the only thing lowrey has that i do n't is a friend at a bank . ''
i said , ` ` but with a thing like this , you have to flip a coin . ''
i told him to mark the finished product urgent and to leave it front and center on garber 's desk , for immediate attention first thing in the morning .
they used zoning maps from the city offices and came up with the usual kind of thing .
it was a graduate student 's car , the sort of thing a person uses until a first salary kicks in and lease payments become affordable .
a uniform , reacher guessed , partly practical and partly suggestive of the kind of thing an indy 500 pit mechanic might wear .
at one time it must have been the latest thing and consequently fairly upmarket .
the kind of thing the zec and i would once have killed to eat .
she arranged to meet on the fourth floor first thing in the morning .
` ` you like this thing ? ''
` ` how long has this thing been in here ? ''
the thing you guys were passing around ? ''
in his left hand was some kind of a black thing .
he tossed the black thing underhand .
the dmv thing was all she could find .
beside him sokolov had a similar thing going south and west .
reacher 's voice came back : ` ` what scope have you got on that thing ? ''
chapter 24 - fruit d ? fendu when he got back to his room he was touched to find all his belongings put away and in the bathroom his toothbrush and shaving things neatly arranged at one end of the glass shelf over the wash - basin .
the ` ` so on , '' i thought , meant ` ` the thing '' he had bought .
he pointed out that in bad weather , or if i got tired , i could just put the thing on a train for a stretch .
i had pulled the switch when the lightning struck and i had forgotten to turn the damned thing off .
i was struggling with the thing .
` ` well , hold the damn thing together across your chest and get moving .
it was a dark gray two - seater thunderbird with a soft top in cream , a beautiful thing .
the thing had been smashed .
then i mug up bray 's family tree until i ' m word - perfect on the thing .
now that ' - m waved at the meagre little bloom in the tooth - glass -'that 's the real thing .
he never wanted to see the bloody thing again !
he was gaming on the gaily bouncing thing .
there were a lot of rattles from the rivets , but perhaps the damned thing would run .
sounds just like the real thing .
have you tested the damned thing ? ''
talk to the manager first thing .
he put his feet softly down and watched the poison spines erect themselves along the back of the thing .
but they should invent a way for women to play the damned thing sidesaddle .
she 's been working for three years inside headquarters for the kgb and now she 's getting her reward - this emerald ball thing worth pound100,000 .
if the russians do n't seem to know or care very much about faberge , as dr . fanshawe says , they may have no very clear idea what this thing 's really worth .
` ` same thing , '' said mr . snowman .
how much do you think this thing will go for ? ''
a dim light and a target that shot back at you was as close as he could get to copying the real thing .
pound 10,000,000 he was going to put up out of his own pocket , and he had the design of the thing and was prepared to find the staff to build it .
they tell me the moonraker ca n't exist without drax and the papers say the whole future of the country depends on the thing .
there are fifty germans working on the thing .
bond was faced with a ten - foot horizontal scale diagram of some thing that looked like a v2 with big fins .
of course , '' the professor grinned , ` ` if we ever had to use the thing in wartime it would be a great help to have a homing device transmitting energy from the middle of moscow or warsaw or prague or monte carlo or wherever we might be shooting at .
the thing 's become quite a fetish .
he thought his jaw would break with the weight of the thing and the nerves of his front teeth screamed at him , but he swayed his chair carefully upright away from the desk and then strained his bent neck forward until the tip of blue fire from the torch was biting into the flex that bound gala 's right wrist to the arm of her chair .
` ` but the idea of you walking in there alone and standing in the middle of all those ghastly fumes from the fuel and calmly flicking that thing and then being blown to dust ... and anyway , if we have to do it , we 'll do it together .
flaming thing like a catherine wheel ... '' ` ` six . ''
` ` my friend , that pink thing sticking up was an arm .
` ` but there 'll be a hell of a noise when we start that thing .
` ` if we can push the thing there and you can work the old points , he might miss us . ''
after what i said to him the first time about the sinful thing , you 'd think he 'd give up trying to sell us one .
' now q branch in london is trying to fix some way of wiring the damn thing for sound .
the only way i managed to install this thing was to get my friends in the public works ministry to turn the russians out for a few days .
the hall of pillars is now a thing for tourists .
how did one work the thing ?
` ` damned thing called a whooping crane .
` ` yes , '' said pleydell - smith , patting his pockets for the matches , finding them on the desk , shaking them against his ear , and starting his pipe - filling routine , ` ` at the beginning of the war , this chinaman , who must be a wily devil , by the way , got the idea that he could make a good thing out of the old guanera on crab key .
the thing on his leg moved .
but now the thing was turning up and along his stomach .
just so as you 'll know this thing is n't for show . ''
and there are wild bananas and things .
she did a bit of sewing and laundry in the village and grew a few plantains and bananas and things and there was a big breadfruit tree up against the old house .
the thing 's too fast for us and we know it can go over mangroves and swamps .
was the damn thing vulnerable from the rear ?
the thing turned on its axis and stopped dead .
the beretta would have been just as good against this thing .
when one wants a thing one gets it ?
he said , ` ` you 'll have to kill a lot more people to keep this thing in your hands , doctor no .
surely he had fused the blasted thing .
god , the thing was as big as a railway engine !
pray god the damned thing would start up quickly .
and again , and this time the blessed thing fired and the strong iron pulse hammered as bond revved it up .
the radar thing on the cowl of the chimney .
that thing smells like burning wrestlers ' trunks . '
pussy galore said sternly , ' if you set fire to that thing i swear i 'll kayo you with my gold brick . '
put that damned thing down .
i remember seeing her there from time to time , a delicious , sunburned little figure in the shortest of shorts with a white eyeshade with a green lining , and a trim compact swing that flattered her figure , and i can tell you , '' the governor twinkled briefly , ` ` she was the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen on a golf course .
bond picked the thing up .
it 's just a thing he 's got . ''
but bond was looking at some thing that hung down almost out of sight by the bedside table on what was obviously mr krest 's side of the huge double bed .
bond put the thing back .
i got a little something in the tent that 's just the dandiest thing for catching fish you ever saw . ''
bond said obstinately , ` ` not until you tell me what this thing does .
he got to know them all , these dainty opium dens -- -rose cottage , which he avoided after the woman charged him extra for emptying the sugar bowl ; the thatched barn , which amused him because it was a real den of iniquity -- -large plates of sugar cakes put on one 's table , the piercing temptation of the smell of hot scones ; the transport cafe , where the indian tea was black and strong and the lorry drivers brought in a smell of sweat and petrol and the great world ( bond found that all his senses , particularly his palate and nose , had miraculously become sharpened ) , and a dozen other cottagey , raftery nooks where elderly couples with ford populars and morris minors talked in muted tones about children called len and ron and pearl and ethel , and ate in small mouthfuls with the points of their teeth and made not a sound with the tea things .
that would set the thing off .
apparently you 'd just have to insert some kind of fuse thing in the right place between the t.n.t .
mark you '' -- -she frowned -- - '' i do n't like that sort of bonnet thing he 's wearing for a hat , and i 'd have liked him to have put ` h.m.s . '
bond switched the thing off .
that big gun thing , like a howitzer , that 's the camera tracker .
this thing 's made up to look like a rolleiflex .
soon the damned thing would be almost upright .
that way , you would n't have to prepare a thing .
the ceremony always uses that tripod thing to lower the first stone . ''
forensics had better get here fast and get this thing out of my building .
` ` just open the damned thing ! ''
` ` this thing 's a hidden camera ? ''
they dreamed up this thing that looks like a giant lawn dart .
and either way , you shoot , you score , because if the enemy armor is too thick or you ' ve fired from too far away , the thing just sticks partway in like a dart and spalls , which means it fragments the inner layer of the armor and throws scabs of scalding metal around inside like a hand grenade .
the pickup was a big thing painted faded red .
the sort of thing that punches nails straight into concrete .
` ` how long will the battery last on my e - mail thing ? ''
it was a standard two - part sliding thing .
the e - mail thing was hidden in my heel and i did n't want to damage it .
it was a medium - sized thing , made from a pickup frame with a big boxy body built onto it .
it was the kind of thing you find in a rental line .
belted myself in and got comfortable and put the thing in gear and drove out of the lot .
then i hit send now and dropped the thing on the seat beside me .
eliot closed the whole thing into his fist and backed out of the cab fast and stared at the mouth of the ramp .
` ` thing like this has a hearing - aid battery , nothing more .
` ` so why put this thing in there ? ''
it took him three long minutes but at the end of them he had the whole thing looking pretty much like it had before he arrived .
it was a little fat low - slung thing wearing a working - dog harness .
i reassembled the whole thing and left it cocked and locked .
picked up a thing the size of a hand towel .
the whole thing looked like the outer perimeter of a nineteenth - century prison .
she bent and picked the thing up and clutched it in her hand .
the phone was a console thing all covered in fast - dial buttons .
but the whole thing looked real good .
leaned over the oak table and held the thing out to me , butt - first , left - handed , politely , like he was a clerk in a store .
the tanks use hundred and twenty millimeter cannons , but the thing is going to be smaller than that . ''
the sabot is a kind of sleeve that surrounds the thing to make it up to the right diameter . ''
` ` it 's going to be a discarding sabot , which means it comes apart and falls away immediately after the thing leaves the gun muzzle .
like the alexander calder thing they put in every new airport terminal .
it was the kind of thing you see on drugstore carousels , placed low down so little girls will choose them .
we have access to that kind of thing .
` ` the real thing looks phony in itself .
` ` just a thing , '' she said .
it was a tiny thing , lost in his hand .
it was n't a new car , so the headliner was n't the one - piece molded mouse - fur thing that everybody uses now .
it was the old - fashioned cream vinyl thing with the side - to - side wire ribs that pleated it into three accordion sections .
just the signal strength bar , and the battery bar , and the menu thing , and the names thing .
it 's the sort of thing that suits any audience .
the whole thing was getting so heavy we were ready to feel a little paranoid about it .
he still had a taste for that kind of thing . ''
pulled the denim thing off the gate man 's body and slipped it on .
the creaking thing was in mom and dad 's room .
the creaking thing was my father .
` ` you 'll get crap all over that thing if you play , '' joe said .
thorne was a good - natured shit who weighed in at a cool two - ten ; not exactly the brightest thing on two feet ( but college material , of course ) , and carol probably had no trouble keeping him in line .
i dreamed about the creaking thing .
` ` throw that goddamn thing away , '' billy sawyer said irritably .
pat made no move to throw the goddamn thing away .
` ` give that thing to me and then go up to the office .
` ` if you come at me with that thing , i ' m going to take it away from you , '' i said .
` ` that old thing . ''
` ` turn that f**king thing off , for fuck 's sake , '' rowe said .
i just hope john sees the light , and lets this thing go through .
when she was just a little bit of a thing , he 'd drive her to town in his convertible , with his arm around her , and the radio making that awful racket .
i ' m an art history professor ; why am i carrying this thing ? ! ''
` ` there 's no way this thing is programmed for me to open it .
` ` believe me , if that thing were traceable , the police would be right on top of us . ''
they really need to put that thing somewhere else .
the cupboardlike viewing window had been cut in the wall of the architectural - model room so visitors could inspect the models of the truss work and then peer through the opening with a flashlight and see the real thing .
i ' ve been on this thing already ?
i 'll go down and see if i can get a sense of where zobrist might have tethered this thing . ''
the more adjustments we make , the greater the chances we mistakenly alter the wrong card and bring the entire thing crashing down .
it was a plastic thing that folded in half and clipped into his pocket like a pen .
the only thing he had bought for the house was a gold - colored filter cone for leon 's old coffee machine .
the whole thing was overprinted with a pale red v. ` ` v for visitor , '' lamarr said .
you 'll leave with harper , first thing in the morning . ''
and if bob saw such a thing in the lot , he 'd break the habit of a lifetime and spend his evening someplace else .
looking for places you had n't been and things you had n't seen .
there were tall barstools with red vinyl seats and lower versions of the same thing scattered around the room near tables built of lacquered barrels with plywood circles nailed to their tops .
there are laptop cases , which these days are made with all kinds of extra compartments for the disks and the cd - rom thing and the cables .
the thing practically fell apart . ''
` ` she tears off the ' documents enclosed ' thing and carries it back to the kitchen with her .
to play this thing properly , you needed to be in some kind of trance .
she was kind of obsessive , always playing the same thing over and over again .
and jodie told me her firm has this so what else thing .
it 's the only thing that fits .
` ` we have n't come up with a thing . ''
if he played his cards right and strung the thing out , the blackwell girl could wind up being a gold mine .
robbie thought : poor thing .
we were born with this ... thing .
might have just the thing for you .
she certainly has n't tten thing out of her marriage .
have just the thing , sir .
would you come this way , pleaset the knife was a thing of beauty , about six inches long , with a sharp pointed end and serrated edges .
you do n't mind , ' steve said , ' 'd prefer some- thing against the wall . '
` ` what about blood samples , that kind of thing ... ? ''
only an expert could distinguish between a facsimile and the real thing . ''
` ` all you have to do is take one of those things out of the case and put a copy in its place . ''
we 'll go there first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you know , i think the damned thing might work . ''
` ` how do you gaff a thing like that ? ''
` ` does the professor think this thing will work ? ''
for all i know , this thing may have no value at all . ''
the damned thing 's even portable ! ''
` ` please see that miss whitney gets this first thing in the morning . ''
it was hard to tell the difference between what he held in his hand and the real thing .
` ` i 'd like to build you the real thing .
people were going from booth to booth , sampling the sweets , buying things they would have no use for the next day .
` ` i ' m seeing kincaid first thing in the morning . ''
we 'll have a crew out there first thing on monday morning . ''
` ` my god , you 're a lovely thing , '' he said .
if you even breathe hard , this whole thing is going to collapse .
lara ... '' ` ` first thing in the morning .
she had never owned a beautiful thing in her life .
` ` i do n't mean a damned thing to you , '' maggie screamed .
behind her back , they said , ` ` poor thing .
` ` but i really do n't need a thing , alex . ''
i 'll bet he 'll be on the seven o'clock ferry first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the damned thing is going to blow up any second . ''
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning and cross into france .
the whole thing stinks .
i 'd burn water on that damned thing .
mike put that thing away , robbie .
that thing 's still loaded with buckshot .
mike snatches the damned thing out of robbie 's hand and dumps it in the wastebasket .
the electronic guts of the thing visible inside the ragged hole .
she 's in the corner ... if you 'd seen her ... the look on her face ... ursula lucien , can i drive this thing ?
keep blowin ' that thing !
there was one strange thing ... mike ( voice - over ) ... but they did n't know what to make of it .
` ` and he wanted to top the thing with a huge statue of lenin .
` ` those mountains are like ant mounds , and nobody has ever found a damn thing . ''
not one son - of - a - bitchin ' thing in any of 'em .
the whole thing had a theatrical arrangement , like a shrine .
mousy little thing .
she pocketed the sauer and decided to use another route to her car , perhaps even leaving the damn thing and renting another in the morning .
oh , what a marvelous entrance into the bank 's boardroom he would choreograph first thing in the morning .
carl knew he was expected to buy the damned thing and was hoping there would not be a frenzy .
krane will flood the area with investigators , snitches , informants , all looking for things that might be used against you one day in court .
bobby ratzlaff was listening to one such analyst on a television in a corner when carl snapped , ` ` turn that thing off ! ''
so far he 'd paid almost $ 14 million to defend the damned thing .
he gave me the damned thing . ''
that was five , maybe six years ago , and the cops had not only closed the file but slammed the damned thing shut .
the plan was to file it first thing monday morning .
kyle took the file and locked his jaws to keep from saying , sure , doug , i 'll give it a look on the plane and i 'll sneak a peek at the wake and i 'll analyze the damned thing during the service and review my thoughts at the burial when they lower baxter into his grave , and then , when i ' m flying back to laguardia , i 'll flip through it again , and for every minute i ' m even remotely thinking about this file , i 'll bill , or double bill , or maybe even triple bill the poor client who made the mistake of selecting this full - service sweatshop for its legal needs .
he wants this thing off his back , mike . ''
this thing is heavy . ''
then he tried a second metal door that led to places unknown , but he suspected it was the room where gant hung out and secured things .
what do we do with this damned thing ? ''
english , french and some goddamned twangy thing i presume is oriental .
' we ' ve got to see d'amacourt 's man first thing in the morning .
he heard her gasp and span around , too late to stop her , too far away to lunge and tear the awful thing from her hand .
nothing but static on that thing anyway .
' all right , first thing in the morning .
you 're spending the rest of the day and all night if you have to digging this damn thing out of the ground .
he wore the same thing every day - a v - necked navy sweater , white shirt , subdued bow tie .
he 's moving very quietly , putting people in place , setting things up .
he did this without touching a thing .
he 'd sell the damned thing as fast as he could and leave bakers with a few million in his pocket .
this thing is working , and i think we should shift gears , get more aggressive , know what i mean ?
he wanted so desperately to simply xerox the damned thing .
the door clicked loudly again as quince locked the damned thing before anyone could barge in .
he could n't think of a damned thing he 'd miss in pensacola .
` ` we have some money for you ; '' wes said , and put the damned thing away again .
i want you to go to the post office first thing in the morning , and get an application for a passport . ''
the damned thing would n't go off .
` ` does this thing have air conditioning ? ''
` ` then turn the damned thing on , okay . ''
turn the damned thing on .
we could jam this thing for years . ''
this thing 's already heating up .
` ` we ' ve been expecting this , '' he said to adam , as if the damned thing should ' ve been filed some time ago .
` ` i 'll file first thing in the morning . ''
all death row inmates wear the same thing . ''
his mind was burdened with the events of the past two weeks - the people he 'd met , the things he 'd learned , the places he 'd been .
` ` you see this damned thing .
i do n't want that damned thing lying around here . ''
although the device had been built by a true professional , a legendary genius at miniature explosives , it was not pleasant carrying the damned thing around in a coat pocket , just centimeters from his heart and most other vital organs .
` ` did you see that damned thing in the post ? ''
the hottest suspect in the game gets fifteen , and this damned pelican thing gets fourteen .
i should ' ve thrown the damned thing in the garbage . ''
what if they run some crazy story about that damned thing ?
` ` i got scared just reading the damned thing , '' keen said .
she 's sorry she wrote the damned thing .
if she survived three more days , she would be in a place where she could lock the door and cry and throw things until the grieving was over .
` ` where would he hide such a thing ? ''
` ` just read the damned thing . ''
` ` is there any liquor on this thing ? ''
the architecture was decidedly greek , the whole thing resembling an elegant temple .
but slam a wedge down its center and the thing splits every time . ''
that 's why i went to see the thing .
` ` this thing is like riding in a boxcar . ''
now could you get me out of this thing ? ''
` ` we 're at the right coordinates and this thing does look like the same tomb from the arbor . ''
let the damn thing stay hidden . ''
the thing explodes .
` ` leaks of such extent and accuracy over an entire year should be traceable , but the secret service , fbi , cia , and nsa ca n't find a thing .
the invoice manifest must ' ve been the real thing .
then the damn thing 'll be too heavy to fly anywhere . ''
` ` chew on the damn thing , '' castilla growled , ` ` before you drive me to drink . ''
i promise i 'll write a very long letter first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` well , there 's this yellow interoffice thing from the deputy director 's office . ''
` ` that thing you showed me ?
` ` you know how this thing works ? ''
it looked as if it were a garment that was still being made , the sort of thing that tailors sometimes display in their shops , but ambler realized it was the finished garment : some high - style ` ` deconstructed '' look that no doubt wowed the fashion press when worn by a slinkily anorexic model on a runway .
perhaps the solution was to wait until the rest of the carpet was stained with coffee , rendering the whole thing a uniform hue .
it was a thing of gossamer , and he knew of nothing stronger .
and it was the one thing they could n't afford . ''
the man on his right had an object in his other hand , a thing of plastic and a small glimmer of steel .
laurel waved the device - a thing fashioned out of two television remote controls - along the man 's extremities , then his torso .
play along with moreau but do n't give him a damn thing .
` ` well , -1 grabbed it back there because you were still holding the gun in your left and i though t the goddamned thing , might go off if i reached for it - your left hand , i mean . ''
` ` hope is a thing with feathers , '' as one of your finest writers suggested , is it not so ? ''
when i got the hurry - up from the big man , i figured we maybe had one of those rose mary wood things we read about in history books . ''
now help me out of this damn thing , i was n't really sleeping anyway . ''
the damn thing ca n't be very comfortable . ''
` ` shut the goddamned thing off and make immediate duplicates .
` ` please , professor , just dig the damn thing out , will you ? ''
` ` christ , i did n't know you had that sort of thing ! ''
depending upon whichgovernment department a person 's dealing withcertain recommendations are bound to be helpful.you would n't do a damn thing for someoneappealing to housing and urban development , butover at the state department 's munitions controlsor at pentagon procurements , you 're golden . ''
he'llbe in touch with you first thing in the morning . ''
shut that damn thing off , will you ?
we incinerate the damn thing where it sits , along with anything it might be carrying .
just the thing for a cold morning . ''
we 're to assume the russians have another layer on this thing . ''
the bloody thing is one of ours !
somebody brought this thing here long before that bomber was ever found , for some totally different reason .
even in an age of giant military transports and jumbo jet airliners , this thing was huge .
this thing might have rolled out of the factory yesterday . ''
` ` looking for it ... there 's a hell of a lot of levers all over this thing ... okay , i found it .
` ` i love fine weapons , but that ... thing ... is n't a weapon ; it 's a nightmare . ''
we incinerate the whole damn thing right where it sits . ''
the russians have the lid screwed down airtight on this thing . ''
` ` i apologize again , gregori , but that was the only place i could make the damn thing stay . ''
` ` would n't it be lovely if they developed a bad case of butterfingers and just dropped the damn thing ? ''
` ` reason being , there 's little difference between this prosthetic and the real thing , except here on the inside .
the real thing would have a small recess in order to fit over the ground - down tooth .
and a man and a woman in aprons and work gloves were cutting the damn thing up as if it were the carcass of a steer .
' if you saw my flat'it 's a tiny thing , but it 's mine and i love it .
the muzzle of the thing was blunt and ugly , but its bluntness was practical as well .
` ` i 'll sign the paper - work first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` he 'd been in contact with felix , he said , who 'd had some sort of break - through with the - thing - he 'd been working on for more than two years . ''
moira could n't think of a damn thing , so she allowed him to usher her out .
if you saw my flat - it 's a tiny thing , but it 's mine and i love it .
` ` evil thing , that black painting . ''
` ` it would help , '' she said , ` ` if you had given me the real thing instead of a set of photos . ''
the thing ticked like a geriatric grandfather clock .
the damn thing 's dislocated , '' arkadin said .
` ` i forgot to load the thing ! ''
' ca n't you make this damn thing go faster ? '
' put that silly thing away , ' she ordered the driver .
' i 'll phone you first thing in the morning my dear . '
... admit him quickly and put the damn thing out ! '
it was crazy and outrageous , but it was the only thing left .
' this thing is filled with lousy , fucking ducks ! '
' if this damn thing works , can you do it , analyst ?
here , keep walking and angle your arm up so i can put my briefcase on it and open the damn thing . '
` are you satisfied , or should i blow the damn thing up , which would serve neither of us .
i responded by turning the damn thing off and looked around at the men in the cabin , which seemed ready to break apart in the turbulence .
as you recall , that corresponds with the parameters of your statement to me -- ` leaving first thing in the morning . '
his woman was so weak now that she could barely fold the damn thing together , but , as in the old days , she insisted on putting the finishing touches on his appearance before he went to work .
` ` open this damn thing before somebody sees me ! ''
` ` christ , i ' ve had this goddamned thing on redial for three hours !
the drought that has plagued large areas of ethiopia -- '' ` ` turn that goddamned thing off ! ''
` ` and you do n't want to call it for fear of exposing your possession of the number -- initial codes , that sort of thing .
` ` it 's the newest thing from leconte , '' replied krupkin .
` ` you have to be a contortionist to get the goddamned thing right all the time . ''
then within the violence of the growing , swirling liquid mass , there was an object ... a thing , a form , a body !
` ` i can still roll this thing pretty damned fast .
` ` just checking to see if this thing works , '' joel said .
they ambled on , in no hurry as they continued to play name that thing and enjoy the energy of the street .
` ` i 'll mail it first thing in the morning , '' mrs . ausberry said .
` ` that brown thing on top . ''
marco studied the sleek device , thoroughly bewildered by it but also determined to get the damn thing going .
` ` let 's start with that thing around your mouth , '' she said .
he had little confidence in his ability to sit in front of a strange machine , turn the damn thing on , and not only survive the jungle of the internet but get a message to neal .
call carl pratt first thing this morning , on the new phone .
` ` have you ever ridden in that thing ? ''
well , there 's going to be an awful lot of confusion when this thing lands .
` ` i knew i recognized this thing !
take away the microgravity environment and the damn thing dies . ''
` ` i ' ve never shot this thing , you know , '' he said almost in a whisper .
i 'll call first thing in the morning and talk to your teachers . ''
` ` are you sure they ca n't see this thing ? ''
mark carefully sat down , terrified the velcro would break away and the damned thing would somehow fall off .
i want the petition filed first thing in the morning , after you talk to the judge .
` ` well , i , uh- '' ` ` do n't make me mention the tape , mcthune , '' she said , mentioning the damned thing anyway .
i have n't done a damned thing wrong , and i ' m in jail .
` ` we intend to file suit first thing in the morning , your honor , '' reggie added helpfully .
he stared at it as if the damned thing had somehow stuck itself to his body .
' turn that fuckin ' thing down , you goddamn ape ! '
' that camera 's damn well new ... not the sort of thing one lends , i should n't think . '
and whereas i ' m prepared to believe there are tastes that ca n't be satisfied in d.c . , i do n't see how they 're more likely to be satisfied way out here in the north carolina boonies , and anyway i would guess such a thing would cost a lot more than twenty bucks wherever you eventually found it . ''
we poured coffee and passed things to each other , politely .
told her to have a pathologist standing by , first thing in the morning .
the perp was in and out without maybe touching a thing .
so if we were smart , we could cut the billions to millions , and find the thing in a hundred years instead of a thousand .
` ` that thing looks heavy , '' he said to me .
as far as the store owner could tell , the only thing that had been stolen was a single crowbar .
i leaned forward and looked down and saw the same curved black thing i had seen the previous morning .
the whole thing smelled musty .
a little four - cylinder thing like kramer had rented would have gotten us farther , on eight bucks ' worth of gas .
` ` have the documents on louise 's desk first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you mean this thing will not copy unless i punch in a ten - digit number ? ''
you 're blackmailed because you ' ve got a family that does n't mean a damned thing to the mob , so what do you do , mitch ?
she came right back out , did n't buy a thing .
i want you and colonel smith to fly out to california first thing in the morning to talk to the people who knew major anderson .
randi had always been a sometime thing , frequently away on long business trips .
` ` bring that thing along . ''
' one man ca n't do a damn thing , you know that , do n't you ? '
you took the whip in your hands and made the damn thing snap . '
you 're convincing , kahlehla - excuse me , miss rashad - and you may believe what you say , but the six men who knew about me had everything to lose and not a goddamned thing to gain by saying that i was in masqat last year . '
' i look like a hasid in that thing . '
then you come along and blow the whole damn thing to pieces .
power is to the rich , or the damn - near broke who have n't a thing to lose and a lot of clout and exposure to gain .
i followed your instructions and i ' m telling you there 's not a goddamned thing ! ...
' you try sitting in that damned thing for as long as i did the way i did and think you 're going to walk a straight line ! '
... is there a tool shed - a place where they keep things like shovels , picks , hedge clippers , those kinds of things ? '
... is there a tool shed - a place where they keep things like shovels , picks , hedge clippers , those kinds of things ? '
' to burn the damn thing , ' said kendrick quietly .
' no , but i heard the damn thing clacking away about twenty minutes ago , ' said weingrass .
a thirteen - card set : evidently his comrades had never seen such a thing , because they burst into applause - anger at having been defeated giving way to admiration at the deftness with which the defeat had been managed .
` ` the thing is where it 's supposed to be , '' katsaris said .
` ` let 's kick the damn thing in .
as the anuran coast disappeared in the mists , janson had a fleeting sense of how insignificant their vessel was , a tiny thing of rubber and metal propelling itself though the vast , empty seas .
a lot of transplanted bureaucrats who think they 're working for the tennessee valley authority or some damn thing .
` ` look , here 's the thing .
dining nook or breakfast nook or some such damn thing . ''
chains ran the length of the supports , as if the whole thing was designed to move .
the thing , apparently a remote - controlled , high - powered weapon , kept firing .
this thing had just been purchased .
it took nearly two months for our computers to crack the thing .
or maybe he 'd just destroy the thing and be done with it .
you ' ve got to sell this thing , clay , and the only way to do so is to look and act like a very successful trial lawyer .
clay walked her through it , explaining that the money would be transferred first thing the next morning , as soon as the bank opened .
` ` should ' ve shorted the damned thing , '' french mumbled .
he gave him the web site and promised to mail out an information packet first thing tomorrow .
clay volunteered to make the calls first thing the next morning .
it only costs $ 3,000 an hour to fly the damned thing .
` ` goffman threw in the towel first thing this morning , tried to settle , but mooneyham would n't talk .
i 'll take the pistol and we 'll figure out how to use the damned thing . ''
for a few hours i tried walking around with it , but i was terrified the thing would discharge down there very near my privates .
danny froze , uncertain as to whether he should deny it was his , or admit ownership , or try and recall where he bought the damned thing .
you ca n't do a damned thing to control them . ''
` ` poor thing , '' mcnatt said , ` ` her nerves are shot to hell . ''
when the last one popped the entire gang of vigilantes walked over to the smoldering patch of grass and inspected things .
he stared down at the winged thing in dismay .
and at the moment , the hotel des chevaliers was the closest thing they had to a safe house .
` ` i must have landed right on the damned thing when those bombs cut my rope .
` ` get that thing spooled up ! ''
` ` that damned thing is already devilishly high , '' he called .
things fall into place more clearly now . ''
he understood that the pleasure he derived from buying her things was out of place .
i want my protection , you guaranteed itl i ' m leaving first thing in the morning . ''
we can refiae the details then , coordinate signals , that kind of thing . ''
they was in a boat and the damn thing pitched over , throwin ' lern into a bad sea . ''
he would buy bell wire and batteries first thing in the morning , the explosives later in the day .
` ` i 'll sign any fucking thing you want .
` ` it 's the same thing , only technologically more sophisticated . ''
` ` that round thing floatin ' over yonder . ''
` ` this old thing is as safe as a cement whale . ''
ca n't tell where the bloody thing is without it ! ''
` ` i know he 's constantly filing papers , legal briefs , that sort of thing , but can you recall any lengthy statements or depositions directed to be under a court 's seal ? ''
they have this damn thing , and we have bubkes .
so what do you say to our finding out if you remember how to fly that thing out there ? ''
i ' m sure i could learn a thing or two '' ` ` marty ! ''
the last thing he wanted was to fire the thing .
and now it seems that the only thing other than the dna prototype that chambord took with him from his lab that night was a print of the beginning of the end for napoleon .
` ` i do n't have a plan , and i do n't know where exactly the damn thing is except that it 's in france somewhere .
but he was glad to have the thing .
` ` you know the thing is n't even made of red porphyry ?
` ` that thing activates nothing . ''
he also noticed lights affixed to the eiffel tower 's girders - the source , he surmised , of the electric shimmy that illuminated the thing each night .
` ` i killed the brain , or at least one of them , but this thing is still on course and the controls do n't seem to work . ''
he was still high , probably above 5,000 feet , but he did n't care , the thing opened and he was now gently falling toward the ground .
she would handle it first thing in the morning .
stephano blinked a couple of times , and things fell into place .
` ` i 'll do it first thing in the morning . ''
must be a brazilian thing , sandy thought .
by the time i got out of the damned thing , i knew i was lucky .
perhaps patrick , in all his meticulous scheming , had simply forgotten about pepper 's things .
but i ' m perfectly ready to start making calls to washington first thing in the morning .
it was late , and if quinn wanted to get some sleep in the county jail , they would be happy to start first thing in the morning .
malcolm bannister is still an inmate , somewhere , but max baldwin is a free man with places to go and things to see .
after ten minutes of fiddling and haggling , i get the damned thing to work and print the letter to nathan cooley .
i ' m in the galley , preparing the first round of beers - the real thing for nathan , one with no alcohol for me .
` ` well , he could walk through one buck naked and the thing would go off . ''
never missed a premium , and never used the damned thing until donny ray got sick . ''
i ' ve been reading that damned thing for almost a year . ''
i 'll call booker first thing in the morning with the good news .
` ` just get a pen and go out there and make him sign the damned thing . ''
the only thing lacking is a prepared order for the judge to sign granting everything great benefit wants .
the real art is in hooking the damned thing . ''
it 's a strain , because the damned thing weighs a ton .
kipler stated unequivocally in a court order that the file must be waiting for me first thing this morning .
when my mother and hank are not traveling in their winnebago , they park the damned thing behind his small house in toledo .
personally , he has n't looked at the damned thing in years .
i ca n't park anywhere near her door , so i decide that we 'll first enter the apartment , quietly gather the things we want , then i 'll pull onto the grass , throw everything into the backseat , and we 'll fly away .
` ` best thing in the world for a hangover , '' he said .
the whole thing will cost thirty million .
but then , how would mr . cristano know for sure what happened to the damned thing ?
` ` he 'll be here late tonight and wants to meet with you first thing in the morning . ''
' you 're not thinking - we do n't have a damned thing unless you want to consign canfield to his grave - and even assuming that , what is there ?
i do n't want a thing .
' if i sit down , will you put that damn thing away ? '
then he examined the light fixture that had just lacerated the back of his head , and he saw that the whole thing , the heavy black iron arm attached to the ornamental housing that held the bulb , could be lifted right out of the mounting bracket .
in a seventeen magazine feature on ` ` how to catch his eye '' she found the perfect outfit , the sort of thing a rich , classy girl might wear , the kind of girl brad 's parents would approve of .
` ` there are checkbooks and all that sort of thing in a box upstairs . ''
claimed the thing was a fake , like you did as i knew he would .
you could have given them their stupid document , agreed to their demands moved on as if you 'd never found the thing . ''
the damned thing 's in shadow . ''
` ` you know how to use that thing ? ''
i want to know if any company has filed a patent for this thing . ''
washington , d.c . anna watched queasily as the flight attendant demonstrated the flimsy thing you put over your nose and mouth to help you breathe if the plane goes down .
he liked it that way , liked the way the old things looked , the solidity of objects from the time they made things out of bakelite and wood and steel and not plastic , plastic , and plastic .
he liked it that way , liked the way the old things looked , the solidity of objects from the time they made things out of bakelite and wood and steel and not plastic , plastic , and plastic .
it was , in his view , a thing of beauty , a precision - machined sniper weapon with relatively few moving parts , and a range of up to seventy - four hundred meters .
the entire thing , he saw , was one solid mass of rust .
` ` can you really fly this thing ? ''
bartlett , his arms and legs shackled , had thrown himself at ben , attacking him with the only thing left at his disposal his jaws .
the child weighed nothing , and the damned thing was soaking wet .
we can unwind this thing .
` ` you can have the damned thing , '' i said , bracing for the onslaught .
where , exactly , was the damned thing ?
he packed a few things in the trunk of his audi tt roadster , a two - seat convertible he 'd owned for less than a week , and said farewell to no one because no one really cared when he came or went , and left charlottesville .
put lightbulbs on the list , first thing in the morning .
he would sleep in the damned thing if necessary .
` ` first thing in the morning , '' ray answered .
` ` clean the damned thing first .
clothes , perfume , always a late - model car , and all these things from a poorly paid court reporter .
he opened another beer and returned to the front steps , where he grabbed the damned thing and ripped it open .
it was his shooting hand , if in fact he had such a thing , and in the horror of the moment he wondered how he could protect himself .
they got the thing parked , just two cars down , and they got out .
things were out of place here .
not a wise thing to put in his window , metcalfe reflected .
` ` how far can this thing take us ? ''
` ` after all the trouble i went through to bury the damned thing , '' he said .
he darted straight for the thing and kicked it over .
they have the thing . ''
but the real test as to whether the thing was authentic came under the microscope .
her turn now to display the same thing .
` ` there 's not a damn thing on this tv to watch that is n't subtitled or in a language i do n't understand .
` ` henrik sent you that thing ? ''
nobody could untie the thing .
` ` that thing is over two thousand years old . ''
i brought back samples and tested it and , sure enough , the damn thing wiped hiv out almost on contact . ''
` ` how are we going to decipher the thing ? ''
the whole thing reminded her of one of the many mansions that dotted north atlanta , or something from architectural digest .
` ` that tunnel is the only thing that connects this chamber to the other , '' he said .
then the whole thing erupted in flames .
the whole thing looked like a living room display in a store window .
fact is , you wo n't get a damn thing anyplace else . ''
why then go out and barter for whatever damn thing it was and bring it back in and pick up the skull ?
can your father 's friend come first thing in the morning ? ''
it was a plain gold thing , like a rope , vaguely egyptian .
he realized that for the first time in his life , he 'd accidentally worn the same thing two days running .
` ` the only thing that fits , '' she said .
it gave onto a maze of aisles , packed tight with every kind of thing he 'd never had to buy .
she put on chester 's favorite thing , a dark pink silk sheath which worked best with nothing on underneath .
she was happy to let him think that , not because of the money , but because it felt a little , well , brazen to admit to having such a sexy thing custom - made .
there was a gun in there , but it was n't the sort of thing he was going to bear home in triumph .
nowhere near the sort of thing he was looking for .
` ` are you going to keep this thing ? ''
that tiny little thing you were driving ? ''
` ` so we should just abandon this stone thing . ''
` ` dewitt saw the thing blow up .
a trust was a thing to be broken .
it was like being shown a little round thing and being told ' this is a baseball , ' and then getting sent straight out to play in the major leagues .
next day , we 're called to a temporary lz again , and sure enough the damn thing is too small , by a couple of feet all around .
` ` i like this thing , '' he said .
just tubular , no heel , the sort of thing mothers choose before their babies can walk .
there was a three - pronged thing like some kind of a gardening tool .
the sort of thing a woman carries in her purse or a man conceals on his body .
it was a round thing , framed in plastic .
that woman could have been carrying this thing .
no idea if it was anything like the real thing , but it sure looked good .
so i made up a jersey license with my picture and her name and address on it , printed it out , laminated it with a thing we bought from staples for sixty bucks , sandpapered the edges clean , scuffed it around a little bit , and shoved it in my bag .
the thing inside it was an eight - by - ten color photograph of a single sheet of white paper .
who else put the damn thing there ?
he leaves it out here all day and i have to bring him things from it .
things all over the place .
the television was a huge thing a couple of years old .
it was a tiny neat cardboard thing like a jeweler might put a pair of earrings in .
he drew the small imaginary thing sideways across his lips , slowly , like he was closing a zipper .
` ` and you should check the thumbprint thing as an mo .
it was a huge thing , carved oak , maybe four inches thick .
` ` ca n't leave the damn thing open . ''
these people will use any old thing that puts them in a good light .
we 're not looking at this thing like real people .
it was the kind of thing sold as a souvenir or given away as a token .
it was a nice thing , made out of tiny strips of cedar .
the whole thing swung open on silent oiled hinges like a giant three - dimensional door .
the whole thing looked like a capital letter k , lightly peppered with habitation where the three lines of the letter met .
do some limbo dancing under this damn clock thing . ''
to the left , the exact same thing .
it was the kind of thing he could be counted on to have at hand .
the winch cable had bent the light bar on the roof , so that from the front the whole thing looked a little cross - eyed .
it was an old swaybacked thing made from thin tarred boards .
the biggest thing left in there was an adjustable wrench about a foot long .
he came up with two screwdrivers , one a stubby phillips cross - head design with a rubber handle , and one a long slender thing with a regular blade for a regular slotted screw .
this thing really ca n't wait . '
but neither man took a thing .
probably the only thing that did .
plenty of drivers used it , for all kinds of purposes , passers - by checking their maps , taking off their coats , getting things from the trunk , sometimes just stretching their legs .
this thing will ring and all five of them will be on ? '
reacher asked , ' is that thing loaded ? '
like a web of miniature elastic straps , holding the damn thing in place .
he stuck the triangle glue - side to glue - side in the centre of the eight - inch length , and then he picked the whole thing up and smoothed it into place across his face , hard and tight , a broad silver slash that ran from one cheekbone to the other , right under his eyes .
two more passes put a rough chamfer on each raw edge , and then he found a rasp and cleaned the whole thing up , with twists of walnut falling away like grated chocolate , and then he finished the job with a foam pad covered with coarse abrasive .
he swapped the jigsaw blade for a metal cutter , a fine blued thing with tiny teeth , and he laid it against the barrel an inch in front of the forestock .
reacher had no scope , but he was prepared to bet the thing in seth 's right hand was a revolver too , probably half of a matched pair his father had shared .
the thing in his hand was definitely a gun .
she stared down at the glock , laid flat like an open book on both her hands , like she had never seen such a thing before .
i do n't want to read the damn thing . ''
so you must be the next thing to a fetus . ''
put ... that ... thing ... down !
fred grabs at it , wanting to remove the hook and throw it back while there 's still time , but the terrible choking thing keeps slipping through his fingers , leaving only a shiny slime of scales behind .
no , it is too elegant to be a costume ; this is the real thing , not an imitation .
easiest thing in the world .
looks a moment longer at his memory 's reproduction of his mother 's handwriting and wonders what you 'd call such a thing in cop - speak .
` ` get a look and take care of the thing in that baggie if you find ... you know ... her .
that thing must be thirty years old , at least , wendell thinks it 's one of the few vehicles on the road that looks even worse than his car .
ordinarily such a hot dish on a july evening would strike him as an awful choice , but tonight , with the fog coming in , it sounds like just the thing .
her hands have joined the stove and the refrigerator ( miserable half - busted thing ) in colorado springs .
the damn thing feels about the size of a ripe tomato and just as ready to burst .
` ` obviously , this thing is n't sitting around in plain view .
what the hell is that thing ? ''
can you believe they let her listen to that thing ?
do you know what was on that thing ? ''
` ` i would n't be surprised if wearin ' this thing has given me a few delusions of grandeur . ''
the only other thing in the room is a raggedy old futon from which burny has just dragged him .
he does n't like snakes , did n't even want to touch the harmless little corn snake mrs . locher brought to school , and this thing is the size of a python , with ruby eyes and fangs that prop its mouth open in a perpetual snarl .
the thing in that package could be a rifle , but somehow he does n't think that 's what it is .
a gantrylike thing jutted up from it .
the hard part is actually getting hold of the damned thing .
` ` shoot a bolt of energy out of that thing !
jack has no idea why they need such things the day is bright and warm , a coulee country charmer but it seems they do .
it 's an ugly little thing , a bulldog .32 with its handle wrapped in black kitchen tape , and jack has just half a second to think that maybe it will blow up in her hand .
cap had nightmares just thinking about what would happen if the new york times got hold of such a thing .
the result had been constant nervousness and a low depression like thick clouds that never seemed to ` ` let up ... and back then he had n't built up a heavy thing , as he had now .
` ` my wife loves that thing , '' pynchot said in that same dreamy voice .
he passed the thing to her half a dozen times .
she saw a few coins in the mud , and a rusted thing that looked like a very long knife or perhaps a lawnmower blade .
he 'd tried to grow a mustache to augment his missing scalp hair , but it had given the impression that his upper lip was dirty , and i was glad to see he 'd shaved the thing of .
i was tempted to burst into tears , pull out a lace handkerchief - if i had possessed such a useless thing - and say , ` ` ar - thur !
boxes were everywhere , and the only thing set in order was a computer table suitably laden with computer , disc drives , and printer .
gifford was right across the desk from me , and my hand closed over the nearest thing , which proved to be the stapler .
` ` but anyway , i went to track down my golf clubs since i intended scheduling a game with bankston in this warmer weather , and the darned thing had been broken into and my golf clubs were gone . ''
then i tossed the tools into the seat with the thing , shut the lid , and yanked the loose carpet back up .
i liked carey osland , but i needed to be by myself with the thing in the window seat .
was this skull the thing the searcher had been looking for ?
just the thing , with my white purse and sandals .
` ` well , i looked at what we have in your size , and i found a few things that would look lovely with this shade of green .
i held the little thing as i had seen babies held in pictures and made plans to burn the rose pink nightgown .
` ` i 'll call first thing in the morning , and i 'll do my best to find someone who can deliver them tomorrow .
she doesn ' t dare to touch a thing .
when i shoved one off the tarp and raised one corner , the whole thing moved , and i was treated to a comprehensive view of what lay beneath .
` ` carl and i just were up all night with this little thing , '' lanelda said abstractedly , her attention on the dog .
there were assembly directions on a white rectangle attached to the pastel bumper sort of thing .
a lightbulb went on in my head as i remembered seeing lizanne 's baby sucking on a plastic thing .
` ` we did n't have time to put up that crib thing , so i laid him in his infant seat in the recline position . ''
she was a small woman with short , dark hair , and she was already talking over her shoulder - rig thing .
the knife tracy was gripping was a swiss army type thing , as far as i could tell - not a butcher knife , or a bowie knife .
i had n't the slightest idea how the damn thing worked .
the timer for the turkey breast went off thirty minutes ago , and the little red thing was sticking up out of the turkey , so i got it out of the oven .
we 'd agreed to return poppy 's things to their hangers and boxes ; her clothing and paraphernalia would have to be given away someday , but that was n't up to us .
sooner or later , john david would give away poppy 's things to some local charity or to a friend .
i dropped the shiny black thing right into the garbage bag - the third one we 'd filled with the odd trash that everyone accumulates .
` ` i feel bad about this , '' i said , hesitating over the pretty thing .
over my husband poking his thing in her ?
` ` it was the only thing i could think of that you did n't already have . ''
you think i should drink it or scale the thing ? '
you would insist on taking every last bite with you , you did n't want to waste a thing .
some of the guys were saying they could n't find a thing . '
' jesus , when was this thing made - the eighties ? '
' i can never find a thing in that place .
it was sweet , the kind of thing you found in a mall store , with a stuffed teddy - bear and a display of red roses .
' what is this thing , a relic from the nineties ? '
' derek was away for work all the time , and it was just me , stuck in that house with that crying ... thing .
it 's our first night on the island , and the music is almost too loud for me to think ; some european dance - pop thing that shakes the crowded beach club , making the glasses quiver and the blood vibrate in my chest .
elise tried to calm her down , but anna ... she grabbed the display - i think it was something for environment week - she just grabbed the whole thing and began tearing it apart . ''
hell , it 's all i can do not to drop the damn thing .
same damn thing .
nearly erased the damn thing in the process . ''
the thing looked impossibly big and shiny , like a skyscraper lying on its side .
` ` find this thing , '' she warned , ` ` and make sure kharzin never gets his hands on it . ''
` ` i 'll be talking to the da first thing in the- '' ` ` then i ' m done here .
so we 're all going down to phoenix first thing in the morning .
the wrist turn thing ?
you 're gon na be operating this thing , so here , you do it . ''
` ` where do i even put this thing ? ''
i ' ve got this thing set to fire up when the truck starts to move . ''
` ` this thing was big , '' kalyn said .
i do n't even know how to use this thing .
` ` this thing 's made to catch grizzlies , '' she said .
` ` i ' m not sure how i feel about touching that hideous thing . ''
` ` if we built this thing taller than me , the ocean would still bring it down .
donaldson coughed , his eyes burning , and for a moment , he could n't see a thing .
staring at the shredded tire and ruined rim on his honda accord , kork did n't just want to kick the damn thing .
these guys had been in his shop for over an hour and had n't bought a single thing .
` ` it 's the sharpest thing i ' ve ever made , '' morrell said , a hint of pride creeping into his voice .
spent half the meal raving about how it was the best thing he 'd put in his mouth , maybe ever .
` ` he told me it was the sharpest thing he 'd ever made .
` ` luther , buddy , you got that metal leech thing with you ? ''
what the f**k is that little thing ?
` ` see that big metal thing in there ? ''
` ` the lost colony , that settlement that vanished from the north carolina coast in the late 1500s , where the only thing left behind was cro carved into a tree .
` ` you 're all gant up , just about the palest thing i ever saw . ''
thought i could get her up the thing .
had a helluva time trying to explain to this knife maker the uses to which i 'd be putting this thing .
` ` put his thing in my butt . ''
he opened his hand and i put the shiny thing in it .
it was the neatest thing i ever saw .
much as she hated to let that thing out of her sight she was impotent without a weapon .
they 're gon na come out first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the reason i say vacation , '' he continued , ` ` you know is just cause i notice you have a suitcase out over on the uh , the thing over there . ''
real pretty thing .
we can drop you off first thing in the morning . ''
first thing friday morning , he returned to the community store docks .
once the thing 's built , my god , it 'll last forever .
every single thing , because there 's comfort in it .
` ` oh my god , this is the best thing i ' ve ever tasted , '' naomi said , halfway through her clam chowder .
two or three bites at most if he did n't completely destroy the thing when he tried to clean it .
` ` do it first thing in the morning . ''
the thing is sound proof .
the only thing in there is a sleeping bag on the floor .
turning that thing off . ''
lia held up the glittery thing i 'd mistaken for a shirt .
i had just about decided that he could make me play guessing games to his heart 's content for a twelve - dollar tip when i noticed the bill was n't the only thing he 'd left .
pretty little thing like that .
i had no pistol and my sword was a rusty old thing the quartermaster had found at the bottom of a chest , but even so .
straight away i went from congratulating myself on having thrown the bloody thing away ( it would have given me away ! )
what would a thing like that be worth ?
but this thing must be hundreds of years old . ''
what few things i had left were only enough to fill two trunks , which were taken away this morning .
` ` that 's the fatih camii - the first thing sultan mehmed had built , to celebrate his victory over the byzantines .
` ` are you sure you know how to play that thing ? ''
it was ... just a globe again : an ancient thing , beautiful in its own way but , still , a mere trinket .
he would check them over first thing in the morning , after the council of war he 'd be holding with his uncle .
unfortunately , as the design stands , the thing is only able to swivel on its own axis ! ''
ezio knew his friend was fighting down a desire to grab the thing and run , and he understood how great the temptation was for the polymath , whose thirst for knowledge at times almost overwhelmed him and never let him rest .
he held the thing up and closed his eyes , concentrating his thoughts , formulating the questions .
` ` you take the wheel of this thing and i 'll deal with our friend here . ''
lots of religious scenes , you know the kind of thing .
` ` i do n't know what this thing really is , '' he conceded finally .
` ` no , i do n't think the word ' mechanical ' actually describes this thing .
' get this thing unbolted !
this thing would make you practically invincible ! '
' just get this thing out of me ! '
i think he misses that model of the palazzo seta now that he 's got the real thing !
if anyone saw this thing they 'd never believe their eyes - and if they knew it was my invention i 'd be finished in this town . '
' you 'll be flying that thing .
' i wish there was some way i could use my sword at the same time as flying this thing . '
ezio gritted his teeth , and , without precisely knowing why , holding his right wrist in his left hand , forced his right hand back into contact with the thing .
' do you think the spaniard knows what this thing does ?
he hated sean and he 'd been dumb to think they could have been friends , and he knew he 'd hold on to this glove for the rest of his life , take care of it , never show it to anyone , and he 'd never , not once , use the goddamn thing .
` ` oh , so when i hear the truck , i 'll just run downstairs after them , like i forgot a bag , and toss it right in the back of the compactor thing .
` ` dude , that thing was heading for the point .
instead he saw a bright , hard gaiety , the look she got sometimes as she was preparing to go out on friday nights , trying to find just the right thing to wear , desperate with hope .
if you 'd prefer donations in lieu of flowers , things like that . ''
he started crying then , still rocking , still holding his ankles , because he knew that he was n't bruce willis , and bobby o'donnell was a real person , not something out of a movie , and the gun would need cleaning , serious cleaning , and he did n't even know if it had bullets because he was n't even sure how to open the thing , and when you got right down to it , would n't his hand shake ?
she says he 'll fuck you up you try anything with him , keeps a razor blade tucked under his swatch band , that sorta thing .
the harris guy jacked the truck and drove away , but the trucker called in , put it on the wire right away , we pulled the thing over in needham . ''
it looked like it had been pressed against a jet engine , and dave felt a wave of nausea as he watched this bloody thing suck at the air , heaving .
he hit the wall and then dropped onto the table , brought the whole thing crashing to the floor with him .
kind of thing , in point of fact , that got you killed on the job .
my gun is , as angie would say , ` ` not a fuck - around thing . ''
` ` the fuck you carrying that thing for ?
and put that fucking thing away . ''
the only thing better than an automag for the total firearms incompetent is an ithaca .12 gauge shotgun with a pistol grip .
true , ` ` cockpit '' is a term usually reserved for jets , but when i ' ve taken this thing up to a hundred and forty or so , i ' ve gotten the distinct impression that liftoff 's only a few more blurred road signs away .
my face looked like i 'd had a disagreement with a pit bull , and the jacket that covered my gun was a raggy , faded army thing .
she was going for the drawer underneath , and as she opened it , i put my hand behind the desk and brought the whole thing toppling down on top of her .
* * * i was waiting in front of the church when angie pulled up in that brown thing she calls a car .
gangland shootouts in roxbury or mattapan are one thing , but when it rises from the ghettos and rears its ugly head in the heart of the city , when joe and suzy citizen have to stumble over their louis vuitton luggage to duck out of the way of gunfire , then there 's a problem .
` ` does your hair always stand on end first thing in the morning ? ''
i built this new thing , and what you do is clamp it around the guy 's skull , right here , and- '' ` ` we 'll let you know , '' i said .
` ` nicest thing in the world , '' she said .
` ` you take this thing on camping trips ? ''
the laser jet hummed , and the first thing out was the photo we were all staring up at .
i could n't be sure if i was seeing things or not , but it seemed that several smaller blue lights flashed repeatedly through the trees .
could you be ready first thing in the morning ? ''
julian can pick you up first thing in the morning and take you to my plane . ''
i leaned forward , asked the weeble , ` ` does this thing have closets ? ''
` ` friggin ' thing was huge , '' angie said .
she wore only a sweatshirt he 'd given her , a threadbare blue thing from his undergraduate days with lsu embossed on the front in white letters that had chipped and flaked over the years .
` ` i feel like if i move an inch , this thing 's going to tip . ''
` ` how do you shower in that thing ? ''
one wore a green celtics jacket , the other a canvas and denim thing , old and thickly lined .
` ` you buy that thing at a yard sale ? ''
i sat back in some kind of red leather beanbag thing supported by a glass bowl and base .
` ` that thing strapped to his chest is a steadicam ? ''
she dealt with it - all that fucking madness in that fucking house - by becoming that thing .
not necessarily the best thing to tie someone up with , but it still did the trick .
bubba and his trench coat - sometimes you 'd swear he carried a kmart in the thing .
` ` or this thing starts playing cocktail parties . ''
and bubba went back to doing whatever it is bubba does when he is n't out of the country buying things that could blow up the eastern seaboard .
` ` that thing last week , '' stevie zambuca said to bubba .
i built the damn thing . ''
the volume on the thing had kicked the bucket years ago , but somehow we both find it comforting to leave it on when we 're up in the belfry .
` ` and then a bit more of that thing we tried an hour ago ... '' ` ` that was interesting , was n't it ? ''
` ` that 's what that thing cost ?
i was dropped on the couch across from him , a ratty orange thing that smelled like the dumpster behind a red lobster .
` ` you 're like a fifteen - year - old girl with that thing . ''
a little honda thing .
you 'd be halfway to mexico with this thing if you could . ''
helene , pick that thing up , would ya ? ''
it was a raggedy thing , its split seams already disgorging pale brown stuffing and sawdust .
` ` fuck you taking that thing off for ? ''
luther said , ` ` yes , sir , '' and threw the whole thing back and the deacon refilled their glasses and luther realized that dandy and smoke now stood behind them , no more than a step away , though luther could n't have said when it was they 'd arrived in that spot .
` ` you grow cats in that thing ? ''
` ` i 'll speak to mayor peters first thing in the morning .
he ripped all the plaster out , first thing , and saw that plenty of the wood behind it could be salvaged , some with little more than hope and tenderness , but hope and tenderness would have to do .
when he finished , she said , ` ` you ' ve never given him a thing he could use against us ?
ai n't a fucking thing made -- '' ` ` ah , the language ! ''
you run from thing to thing .
you run from thing to thing .
they 'll think of a new thing to try on him . ''
` ` thing 's hot . ''
` ` each compartment in this thing we do ?
she leaned her head against the window , staring out with that thing attached to her ears , and did n't seem to realize that she sang softly .
emma leaned against the window and had that thing in her ears , though she did n't sing as she had last night .
` ` take care with her things , '' he told them as he rose from her bedside .
just like the thing that had faced her in the mirror downstairs , the thing that was straight from a creature feature .
if he wanted to play dirty , if he wanted to throw down that gauntlet , she 'd swoop the thing up ... she could do it .
` ` yeah , i can see things from his eyes , smell scents he smelled . ''
` ` why do you wear such a silly thing ? ''
` ` same thing , '' sam muttered with disgust .
for a moment sam could n't see a bloody thing and nearly turned it back on , but then her eyes began to pick up the moonlight reflecting off the lake and she was slowly able to make out more .
sam exclaimed with horror as she realized he 'd turned the gas on and reached in to light the thing .
the damned thing was n't ten feet away .
` ` you bastard , '' she yelled , grabbing the cordless telephone - the absolutely only thing there was in the kitchen to grab - and swinging it back to throw it at him .
she saw his fist coming and could n't do a damned thing to escape the blow , and then pain exploded in her head and everything went dark .
` ` let daddy teach you a thing or two that you can use . ''
john took dani 's other arm over his own shoulders and they began to move more quickly as he explained , ` ` there were no keys for the car and i do n't know how to hot - wire the damned thing so we 'll have to take the tractor . ''
unfortunately , decker had n't expected that , was still pulling with all his might , and slammed himself in the head with the damned thing .
` ` the damned thing stopped on eight floors .
he 'd left the damned thing in the car .
at least the damned thing had been gone by the time jo had broken him out of his cell , and he 'd ridden out on the undercarriage of the suv .
` ` it 's the only thing sam left behind that will fit , '' jo said wryly as she reached the counter .
just looking at the damned thing brought back memories of what they 'd done there , and she felt her body responding to those memories .
i can think of a thing or two . ''
impossible to sleep in and definitely not something althea would have worn to bed , '' she murmured , and then added , ` ` besides , william said when they brought out her remains , the only thing left was her charred head and that 's just wrong .
the damned thing is soundproof .
agnes 's mother must have been a wee thing .
cedrick had described agnes as a little thing who looked younger than most immortals , and eshe thought his description was right on .
` ` the housekeeper , jean is her name by the way , said there were some scones under that plate cover thing there , '' anders told her as she stood up .
it was a little large , but the most beautiful thing i 'd ever worn and i felt pretty in it .
bricker then snatched the silver thing from his hand .
she was starting to think the damned thing was cursed .
still- '' '' and it 's the only thing i ' ve eaten all day , '' he interrupted as he straightened .
alex seemed completely oblivious to the way the chair teetered with each blow , not to mention the fact that the damned thing was on wheels and could roll out from under her at any moment .
the damn thing had been destroyed in the crash .
alex felt an utter idiot in the thing , and did n't even have any idea if it would work , but she 'd try anything at that point .
confused , alex glanced to her stake and saw with dismay that the damned thing was backward .
alex quickly twirled the spoon in her fingers , cursing when she nearly dropped the damned thing .
i spent a hell of a lot of money to make sure the electrician wired things so that this place would burn down .
` ` so maybe you should reconsider whatever stupid plan you have swimming around inside that thing you call a brain and just get the hell out of here . ''
the only thing she could think of that would be sluttier was the thigh - high boots .
` ` because the damned thing has nowhere to go , '' teddy snapped .
the problem then became where to aim the damned thing , but she lifted the weapon and strained to hear any sound that would give away the person 's location .
` ` i do n't know what the hell drina thought she was doing playing with the damned thing . ''
there was a pause , and then leonora said , ` ` i just feel sorry for the poor little thing having to sit down there in the kitchen all by herself like some sort of outcast .
she could n't seem to get the thing open , but gasped with surprise when christian cursed and snatched it from her fumbling fingers .
what had she been thinking allowing herself to be poured into the thing ?
` ` a little thing called a cell phone . ''
` ` have i mentioned how incredibly handsome and sexy you look first thing in the morning with your hair all tousled like that ? ''
i want one , but my hours are n't exactly regular and i do n't want to stick the poor thing in a cage for hours on end .
they could control and influence anyone with questions , that sort of thing .
she 'd simply mentioned that she needed a cook / housekeeper to tend things while she worked and the next thing she knew - her gaze slid to jake - she had one , thanks to her fairy godmother , marguerite .
with any luck , he could get someone out right away and have it done first thing in the morning while nicole slept .
her gaze shifted to the window and she saw a half - installed small white boxy - looking thing on the edge of the window .
` ` look , the furnace thing was n't deadly .
` ` what do you have in that thing ?
cripes , this is the sexiest damned thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
she would make sure thomas argeneau had every single thing he needed ... right after she gave him a piece of her mind for riding off without her .
it was the only article of luggage in the room and the only thing he 'd been carrying when she 'd seen him at the airport .
if i 'd wanted to harm you , i could have done so first thing this morning when we were alone in the suite , but i did n't , did i ?
` ` throw this thing into reverse and get us the hell out of here ! ''
it would be just moments before the whole thing ignited .
when his cell phone rang in his pocket , it was all he could do not to crush the thing in his fist as he stormed through the bunker .
` ` come on , '' kade said , wrenching the thing open wide enough for brock and him to slip through .
although it was smashed and detonated , gideon had been playing with the device ever since it arrived , trying to get a handle on how the thing worked and how it could potentially be used against its wearer .
` ` just follow this thing until i tell you to stop . ''
his spiky jet hair was covered by a black knit skullcap , the same thing that stretched over brock 's dark - skinned , close - shaved head .
` ` now , what the hell do you suppose this thing does ? ''
a quick thump of the vampire 's fist on the back of the truck sent the thing rolling with one of dragos 's minions at the wheel .
edmund , magnus decided , put him in mind of nothing so much as a boat - a shining beautiful thing , buffeted by the whims of the water and winds .
` ` it is a pretty thing , '' said magnus .
he left camille so that she might search out ralf scott , and he boarded his steamship , a glorious iron - hulled thing called the persia that had been made with the latest of mundane inventiveness .
here 's the thing , '' said magnus .
detective hess was a hell of a lot sharper than most people in morganville , and he gave her a sideways look as he said very casually , ` ` would that thing be something that some people in town would n't want to get out ? ''
there may be people in morganville who will just take any old thing to see if it gets them high , but he just saw that bloodboil under the lights .
still had a tip on it , but it looked like a tougher thing to master .
claire jumped the last couple of rungs , landing flat - footed , and whispered , ` ` where did this thing come from ? ''
the sidewalk was dark , very dark , but she did n't worry about cracks or uneven pavement or anything else but running as fast as she possibly could , heading for the somewhat questionable safety of even more vampires , and , god , she could n't believe she was runningto the vampires , but that thing , that thing was n't -- ` ` nine - one - one .
why had n't he blown out of morganville first thing ?
and you 're just a little bitty thing , anyway . ''
` ` this thing does n't work . ''
what if this thing opens when i ' m naked ? ''
ihate that thing , '' eve said .
but if that thing ruins my dress , i am hurting somebody .
` ` hey , is this thing internet ready ? ''
myrnin stood over both her and shane , straight and tall , and there was a wild - looking shotgun kind of thing in his hands , and his nike bag lay on its side at his feet .
maggie looked at laundress 's clothes again with new eyes.if they all wore this sort of thing , hand sewn and plain as a burlap sack , maybe a machine - made topwith bright colors and a little wilted lace would look like something from a legend .
he was still wearingthe complicated brace thing maggie had seen him in yesterday .
i thought as i went to pick up the ring of charmed silver and tuck the incriminating thing in a pocket .
what in hell was this thing !
` ` for getting that thing out of me .
much as i hated to admit it , the thing was beautiful .
together ivy and i looked at the innocuous - seeming thing .
god , the thing was as thin as a credit card .
` ` does this thing move ? ''
nodding , i eyed the extra levers on the dash , imagining the canisters of nos that would fit in the huge trunk this thing had .
you were wearing the same thing . ''
my gaze landed on a statue of an incan god , and i moseyed over to the ugly thing .
i ' ve a fine enough touch , but i ' m not eager to try lest i leave nick with such an ugly thing . ''
then realizing that i was looking at the back of the dumb thing , i swore and turned it over .
my heart gave a thump , and i eased into ceri 's chair , wondering if i was following in her footsteps and would spend the next millennia thinking this thing before me in lace and velvet was my world .
` ` yeah , the gal at the place with the thing ? ''
i looked up , wondering how often they used this thing .
silence grew heavy , and i started to sweat as i noticed the officer looking at my slightly too - large middle , then the card and wire thing still in nick 's grip .
but as i looked at the erotic thing in the faint light , i decided that nothing had changed .
she looked at her ring , and i realized the thing was an amulet , glowing a steady green .
cripes , the thing was graphic .
damn and blast the annoying thing .
` ` what happened to the poor thing ? ''
` ` the darn thing already weighs twice as much as any ordinary parasol . ''
of course the darn thing was going in the wrong direction , back into france , but it stil might provide some limited refuge .
` ` are you certain this thing can take this kind of speed with a load ? ''
` ` does n't this thing go any faster ? ''
biffy 's stil alive , but i have absolutely no idea how to get him out , short of simply muscling the blasted thing open and dragging him up through the water .
professor lyal fished out the offensive bul et , hissing in pain as the vile silver thing burned his fingertips .
prying back the lid , i barely took the time to glance at the contents - some kind of mushy fruit in a slimy liquid- before i dumped the whole thing back and into my mouth .
i drank the entire thing without pause , feeling it settle in my empty stomach , and grabbed another can .
i want to see the big - spiky - ball thing . ''
my mom 's book , the only thing i had to remember her by , was lost forever .
` ` well , then shut up and help me move the thing . ''
that , or i 'll nail the damn thing shut .
` ` took me a while to learn how to work the stupid thing , '' i said as we hobbled down the steps and onto the street , ` ` but i think i got it , more or less .
` ` this thing has some kick to it . ''
the whole thing had obviously been jerry - built by jackal 's men , and if i had n't just seen it in action i 'd have doubted it could get off the ground .
finally , the thing came to a screeching , lurching stop at another pair of doors , these in slightly better condition .
jackal raised his glass in a mocking salute before tossing the whole thing back in one swig .
i bared mine in return and faced forward , watching the numbers light up over the door-10 ... 12 ... 14 ... 16 ... how far up did this thing go ?
i have no problem shoving this thing right into your heart if you get too rowdy , and it wo n't be pleasant , trust me . ''
` ` the good news is that the jeep is still where we left it , and i got the damned thing working again . ''
it was the kind of no - nonsense thing the alchemists would ' ve loved .
it was the kind of thing alchemists had nightmares about , the kind of thing that confirmed every allegation of dark , twisted creatures .
it was the kind of thing alchemists had nightmares about , the kind of thing that confirmed every allegation of dark , twisted creatures .
at some point recently someone had said ' this troll needs a uniform ' and had found that the only thing in the armoury that would fit was the helmet , and then only if you attached it to his head with string .
the woman had left echoes of herself in the cottage - an old bangle lost under the bed , rather soppy notes in some of the ancient notebooks , vases full of desiccated flowers ... you can build up a very strange view of someone via the things they leave behind the dresser .
the occasional feather carefully glued to a page had added to the thickness of the thing .
he wrote that he 'd found the thing up on the high meadows , one spring .
' take that thing out of your mouth , ' said agnes .
they ca n't abide things to be out of place or missing . '
' i saw her pick that thing up years ago , ' she tried again .
nanny had placed the cauldron in the middle of the floor for the look of the thing , although an indoor coven meeting did n't feel right , and one without granny weatherwax felt worse .
' oh , that old thing , ' said agnes weakly .
' what 's the curly thing ? '
' good turn of speed on this thing . '
and the thing that goes round and round and plays noises when she pulls the string- ' a sign near the drawbridge said , ' laft chance not to go near the caftle ' , and nanny ogg laughed and laughed .
' what the hell 's that thing ? '
ca n't you play music on this thing ? '
he might have had time to select the device for dissecting paradoxes , or the appliance for detecting small grains of hope , or the spiral thing for ascertaining the reality of being , but as it happened it was the instrument for ending arguments very quickly that won the day .
oats hated the thing .
' if you , drop in to our jason 's forge first thing when you 're leavin ' i 'll see to it he fixes the bellows on this contraption , ' she said diffidently , and oats realized that in the context of nanny ogg this was as close as he was going to get to three rousing cheers and the grateful thanks of the population .
claire grabbed the first thing that came to hand - it happened to be a heavy candlestick - and swung it at his head .
the whole thing seemed ready to collapse , but they made it to the top , which featured ... a locked door .
i know it 's only a place , only things .
oh , i know what you 're thinking - this is n't bab bage 's design , that limited and stupid thing .
the whole thing hissed with steam .
because according to patience goldman , this '' - she yanked back her sleeve and showed him the tattoo , which was barely a shadow now under her skin , and hardly moving at all - ` ` this thing is running out of juice .
the thing was fifty pounds , at least .
` ` i want this thing out ! ''
it was a beautiful little thing , thin as a whisper , and it had a white cameo dangling from it .
` ` burn the damn thing already ! ''
it is nothing like that horrible yellow thing at the back you insisted on at first .
this thing is mobile and conall does n't know that . ''
alexia had never seen such a thing before .
why was the darn thing so smooth ?
` ` does this thing work as an umbrella ? ''
` ` next time , '' grumbled the earl , ` ` i shall pay extra and have that thing made with metal shielding . ''
but there was something about this mummy that troubled her even as it repulsed : the poor , sad , wrinkled thing .
lady maccon was disgruntled that the bloody thing did not read like an old - fashioned ink - and - paper letter , with a ` ` dear so - and - so '' and a ` ` sincerely , so - and - so , '' thus revealing all to her without fuss .
resisting the intense pushing sensation that urged her to get as far away from the awful thing as possible , alexia dragged the mummy out onto the massive stone blocks that formed the front stoop of the castle .
really , she would have to chain the bloody thing to her side .
` ` you are a hard little thing , are n't you , angelique ? ''
` ` well , then , let me just ... '' her husband , still holding the slate with angelique 's message on it , twisted the dangerous thing around itself , his muscles expanding impressively , and then crushed the scroll together until all that remained was a crumpled metal ball .
he ate the whole thing , then rubbed his belly ( being careful not to hit madam octa ) and said , ` ` delicious .
they were n't as good as the real thing but they 'd have to do .
` ` listen , '' i said , more annoyed than worried ( if he was going to kill me , he would have done it immediately , not sat around talking first , like they do in the movies ) , ` ` if you 're going to stick that thing in me , do it .
it was not the sort of thing you 'd expect to see on a woman who , if she were human , would probably be approaching the centenarian age .
the last beautiful thing she ever saw ... right before she was changed . ''
as he blankly stared at the thing , i considered punching in the numbers for him .
the whole thing was elegant and a touch sexy and cost more than all my pantsuits combined .
my eyes started to water as i continued to stare at the thing .
i tried the latch of the door behind me , but the stupid thing was , of course , locked .
hot ben cleared his throat and resumed shoving things into a green army duffel bag .
my breath fast , i clenched the thing and put it to my ear .
his voice was nearly reverent as he said that , and i momentarily hoped that this tiny blonde thing would n't let teren down .
since the thing i really needed was right there , i instinctually made myself forget that my mother was standing a foot away from me .
reaching in , he held the wet thing tenderly , just like he 'd said he 'd wanted to .
his brow furrowing in anger , he tossed the thing at teren 's feet .
it 's a tricky thing to shut off .
it was the most modest thing i 'd ever seen her wear , full sleeves , empire waist , fabric lightly draping along the floor .
smacking on the obtrusive thing , she laughed out , ` ` million years , huh ?
besides , maybe a vampire club is just the thing he needs .
` ` you 're charging people to see this thing ? ''
sophronia looked down the barrel of the thing and , accidentally , pulled the trigger .
sophronia , delicately testing the waters , said , ` ` they look like the kind of thing boys might appreciate . ''
she placed a round spidery thing inside his storage compartment that looked uncomfortably deadly and hooked it into the dog 's tiny steam engine with various cables .
it was a cumbersome thing that seemed to stay up by will rather than ability , like a potbellied pig .
` ` well , the real thing will have to do for tonight , '' he said , taking the picture of us on the golf course from my hand and tacking it back on my locker door .
` ` sounded like they were throwing things about and smashing up the place . ''
hurry up with that thing . ''
not the sort of thing a thief usually left lying about carelessly .
` ` perhaps we should make our way down to the kitchen and get the real thing . ''
` ` is this thing going to support the weight of two people ? ''
a handy thing if a certain vampire got antsy .
it was a heavy , modern metal thing , so at odds with the feel of this place .
gillian felt no connection to the huddled thing in the snow .
the huge thing had only registered for an instant on her senses , and now , whizzing back through the darkness , she forgot about it .
the only thing he was hooked up to was an iv of clear fluid .
she was gifted , brilliant even ; she should have unlocked the secrets of this thing long ago .
there , i 'll cut your clothes away and get that thing out of you . ''
some idiot tried to put a stake through your heart , and he did n't even hit the darn thing ! ''
` ` get out of the damned thing , '' he said hoarsely , not realizing he was confirming her belief in him .
where did you find such a thing ? ''
once i locked the thing up and it took him a while to figure out what i did to it . ''
and the poor thing would be a prisoner .
` ` antonietta 's making some cool thing for this dinner tonight .
` ` i was just putting the finishing touches on this thing .
julian hastily destroyed the repulsive thing .
` ` the darn thing refuses to start .
go in and take a shower first thing . ''
the vampire became entangled in the spider threads , shiny and thick , like the poisonous webs she 'd practiced weaving in her cave when she first thought she might stop xavier with such a thing .
usually soup is one thing i can get down as long as it is only vegetable , but the smell of it is making my stomach rebel .
` ` it is the only thing you should wear . ''
` ` yes , but doubt i 'll just be able to grab the thing . ''
` ` then get this thing off of my leg , '' natalya said .
i ' m not tackling that thing when you 're hurt and shadow warriors could be on us at any moment .
` ` how are we going to get this thing completely off of my leg ? ''
it did n't matter what language they were in , they always provided entertainment , but now she could n't remember a single thing she 'd watched all day .
` ` do you want to keep this thing ?
get the damned thing open , they are ail over us .
` ` now , dearie , you 're a nice little thing .
her teasing voice caressed his skin , fanned the flames of urgent need , even when he knew rest and the healing soil were the only thing he would allow his lifemate this night .
` ` blythe was a meek little thing , '' inez added .
it was merely an image of a restraint , not the real thing .
alexandria did not have such a thing or aidan would have told me .
his thumb nudged a strap from her shoulder , a simple thing , but wickedly sexy .
jacques simply stepped on the large insect , flames and all , crushing the thing beneath his foot , smothering the flames .
the thing was incinerated with a noxious odor and a cloud of black smoke .
that thing can go , ca n't it ? ''
you 'd melt the darn thing .
but if the only thing we can get is a dead one , than so be it . ''
` ` i ca n't just leave the darn thing , '' she argued .
` ` we need to take that thing out of there for you . ''
in the long run , it would be far better for you if you just let me take the thing out . ''
it was possible she could n't help the poor thing .
marie had done the best she could to place alexandria 's things around , to make her feel more like this was her home .
` ` as to the flowers , i was only glowering at them because she was acting so silly over the damned things . ''
` ` when my volkswagen would n't start , i took the little sporty - looking thing that no one ever uses .
i saw the little thing , and young joshua 's face was so bright , i just had to get it . ''
i only know i saw the damn thing .
` ` i checked to see if a wolf could have escaped from a zoo or wildlife preserve , but no go , and no one else saw the thing .
` ` i want you to know i ' m not riding in that thing again .
` ` this thing weighs almost as much as you do , jaxon . ''
the thing 's in pieces . ''
i do not wish to have any of your belongings lost to you , should there be an intruder while we are away , so i will remove the things you value highly and place them in the sleeping chamber .
he gripped the blackened , pulsing heart and extracted the thing , separating the organ from the body .
the undead simply folded in half and sank in a heap to the bloodstained ground , flopping , dragging its body toward gabriel , toward the dark , ugly thing he tossed upon a rock just out of the vampire 's reaching claw .
` ` you are my lifemate , the only thing that stands between me and the destruction of mortals and immortals alike . ''
the real thing was sitting right beside him .
` ` you should not want the damn thing to work . ''
he fought the thing , tried to drop it , but it stuck in his palm .
they had a real nice boat , not like the old thing we took to school .
my father threw the oil lamp on the water and set the whole thing on fire .
` ` move this thing , '' he snapped , rushing to the railing of the boat , prepared to leap over into the murky water .
i think the safest thing for us to do is pack up your things and lisa 's and go back where we will no longer be alone . ''
` ` she 's such a defenseless little thing , why would n't she tell me ?
if she put the thing on , her curvy body would be on display .
who could wear such a thing and not feel particularly sexy , especially under his burning stare , and with his compliments spinning around and around in her mind ?
coming at you , he warned as he leapt into the air to try to get his hands on the thing .
` ` let 's track the thing back to the sender , '' she suggested .
she 'd never been intrigued by the male phallus , certainly never the real thing .
the thing was heavy , and she climbed higher , into the thinner branches , but they were covered with leaves and dominic lost sight of her .
in the end , i just figured it was better to blow the entire thing up and hope the data went up as well .
because i ' m thinking that if you 're all that worried , a condom might be just the thing . ''
` ` xavier needed your blood to open the book because it was the only thing that could after he put the spell on it .
i did n't know what to do with that thing .
certainly not some little slip of a thing , so silly she went out in the rain forest unescorted and at night .
every scale had snapped up as the thing snaked up and through his leg , hooking into his flesh .
i had to let go of her hand to pull you away from that thing .
she died for an obscene ritual so that you could change into that thing i saw .
she was a pretty little thing . ''
she felt as if the whole thing might explode or belch poisonous gas or turn into something with teeth and claws .
where had she acquired such a thing ?
the poor thing had no chance . ''
here 's the thing , byron .
another appears to have some sort of strange bonelike thing running through the middle of your forehead .
normally she would have double - checked with him first thing to make sure he had everything he needed for the event .
she wielded the thing like a blade in front of her , about to make a hard jab at him with it .
that 's possibly the only thing strong enough to undo the worst of dragos 's training . ''
he 'd chosen the thing in haste , grabbing a simple cotton one that looked like it would fit her .
but his hand refused to give the damn thing up .
in a fit of rage , he flung the thing at the massive stone fireplace that filled one whole side of the room .
` ` when i 'd go in for treatments at the clinic , they also used that time to harvest details about places i 'd been with the senator , security - sensitive things i 'd been privy to as his assistant .
i created a routine to break it down , but the damn thing has been cranking on that character sequence for a couple of days and we 're barely halfway there . ''
he swore and slammed the thing back into its cradle .
talking to him is pointless so i move on to the last thing in my pocket .
i whisper because the only thing between us and them is a circle of large boulders that have cracks between them , giving the vampires plenty of places to squeeze through and take us by surprise .
there 's this strange sharp thing poking out from the side of his eyebrow .
` ` i do n't get how this tiny thing could possibly fix the world . ''
aiden stares at the shiny thing in my hand .
now , no matter what , never lose that watch - it 's the thing that 's going to save us all . ''
my fingers graze the pocket of my jeans where the watch sits ; the thing that 's supposed to hold the answers to saving the world .
` ` see this little thing right here - see how short it is .
` ` they should be posing for vogue.where do you want this thing ? ''
` ` poorold thing , she 's waiting for us somewhere , and she 's going to be thinking that we did n't show up . ''
` ` jade , whatever that thing is , we need agun .
mary - lynnette ignored him , turning the disintegrating thing over in her hands .
they 're just going to check out that horse thing . ''
` ` the thing that looks like a ghost doughnut ? ''
he 'd drifted through the silent rooms , touched her things , absorbed her scent .
` ` are you sure this thing is working ? ''
` ` you were just a little thing , real quiet and shy .
` ` in fact , if you could sand , prime , and paint the whole thing , and build the partition , i 'd sure appreciate it .
he gave me this green thing .
he called this thing a cluviel dor , and showed me how to spell it .
what if they knew or suspected i had such a thing ?
she said it was about that thing you found .
` ` no , it 's a one - use thing .
when i saw my moment , i surged into the fight zone and gripped the first thing that came to my hands , sandra 's upper left arm .
big dangling thing - the earring , not the pixy .
it 's the only thing denon gave you .
i was never reading this thing in public again .
lavender was the only thing that came close .
the hateful thing had so many gadgets , all it needed was clearance to take off .
what the devil was this thing ?
the thing was between us .
his eyes darted from the book to the thing beside me .
my attention followed his to the thing .
the thing would n't stop bleeding .
` ` what was the thing you used to kill the assassin back at the airport ?
he stalked toward it and kicked the thing in , smashing it off its hinges .
although she hated to see what other ugliness she 'd find in hunter 's early years , he had obviously read the entire thing from front to back .
even on mute , the thing had annoyed him , but he 'd left it on just to give his eyes something to focus on , other than the four clinical walls that caged him inside the compound .
` ` if any of those criminal fucks or the cops do something stupid like bring this thing inside the mansion , we do n't want them getting curious about what might lie below the house . ''
the thing was no more .
that ring was the only thing she had of her parents , the only personal gift she 'd ever received from them .
and get this thing off my neck ! ''
the first time she jabbed the damned thing , it rebounded and smacked her in the face .
` ` can i go back to my place to get my things , at least ? ''
i would sell the stupid thing first chance i got .
he threw the black thing , whatever it was , over his arm and then took my face in his hands .
the place was , in my opinion , overpriced and tacky , but it was the only thing close to a formal restaurant in town , so it was always popular for events .
` ` yank the plug on the whole bloody thing .
it was wired to the walls , no chance of ripping it out and disposing of it , certainly not without setting the whole thing off .
what the hell is that thing made out of ? ''
and no matter how much i looked in all the other little pockets or slots , i could n't see the damn thing .
if this thing was a soul , then it was a hungry one .
the thing in his hand was about the size of a dime .
i gripped the floor of the box hard , not liking the way the thing swayed .
just as he suspected , the thing was old and rotten to the core .
since the whole thing was spelled to be inconspicuous , then that meant there were spells here that countered illusion .
the thing had hummed with power .
even here , in the safety of his own room , his rifle was the last thing to leave his hand .
she could feel something in there , which meant she was going to have to open it up later to get the damn thing out .
why , that thing could go off .
it was the most fascinating thing she had ever seen , and entirely unlike any of the finishing schools she had ever heard of , which were mostly - according to her sisters - inside castles in switzerland .
these were looped about pulleys at each corner , which meant the whole thing could be raised and lowered as one unit .
hair '' -she tsked- '' you 'll be wearing curling rags the rest of your natural life , poor thing .
` ` do we get post on board this thing ? ''
sophronia gasped , certain the thing would go crashing right into the impossibly hot boiler , dumping both coal and boy inside .
do you mean to traumatize me with riddles first thing in the morning ?
` ` i do n't know why you keep that thing around , '' said monique .
anytime they happened upon a mechanical , vieve froze the poor thing for six seconds while they dashed past and continued on .
funniest thing , repairs up top .
if necessary , we could lift the whole thing right up inside the aether , '' added sophronia .
sophronia hit the mechanical with one last blast and they squeezed inside the room before the thing woke up again .
only then did they realize they had no idea how to steer the thing .
` ` oh , monique , you poor thing , are these men behaving ungentlemanly toward you ?
ah ... the only thing from this outfit , not the only thing total .
ah ... the only thing from this outfit , not the only thing total .
you could run a city on the sparkle that thing put out .
` ` that is the most god - awful thing i think i ' ve seen you wear .
claire did n't care what he did with the thing , as long as he did n't wear it as an earring or a hat or something .
she picked up the odd - shaped thing - sculpture ?
he bounced in place , for all the world like eve with her blanche dubois note , and stopped to wave the thing at claire .
his lips parted , and for a second she thought he was going to tell her , but then some crafty little light came into his eyes , and he closed his hand around the sharp outlines of the thing .
the only excuse for making a useless thing is that one admires it intensely .
it was cool - kind of a tribal dragon thing , full of angles and sinister curves .
it was a small high - tech thing , wireless .
about tv , cable shows , all that kind of thing .
for a second shane did n't move , and then he reached out , picked up the nearest thing - a dvd case - and hurled it across the room so hard that it dented the wall .
myrnin checked a gleaming gold pocket watch he kept in his vest pocket , some complicated dragon - shaped thing .
` ` see this thing right here .
` ` it does n't matter now because the damn thing 's broken . ''
` ` not with that thing . ''
` ` yes , with that thing .
ever heard of a little thing called memoria tea ? ''
` ` it 's the only thing that could free my dad , '' i complain .
` ` i do n't want you to use that thing .
` ` because of this thing right here . ''
thanks to helena , i ' m now branded with the damn thing after she made dyvinius put it on her - or her in my body .
` ` well , are n't you just a tricky thing ... trying to bring out my real character .
` ` now i just need to figure out how to work this thing ...
` ` the only thing in the file was a copy of that note i told you about this morning .
i promise you , she wo n't find any- thing . ''
olivia grabbed the craziest thing she could find off the rack and carried it over to a floor - length mirror .
` ` from the way the thing was written , bishop was killing off his enemies in the vampire community .
` ` oh my god , are you wearing the same thing you had on yesterday ?
` ` people get in that damn thing and do n't come out , '' he said flatly .
` ` crap , i hate that thing , '' shane said .
she had a thing in her arm , and a tube , and there was red running through it ... ...
they moved the conversation to easier things - to unpacking , to the vase that had gotten broken during the move ( ` ` honestly , i hated that thing anyway - your aunt gave it to us for christmas that year , remember ?
it was really the only thing claire could think of that might help .
` ` take that filthy thing away ! ''
` ` you will give me one thing if you want to keep what you ' ve built here , '' he said .
things were probably tough for them while jenks 's pride kept them out of their garden and they struggled to make ends meet .
the sound of running water seemed to revive ceri , and she rose , moving about the kitchen to put things away .
ca n't find a bloody thing in this store .
a rather large were pack had bought everyone else out shortly afterward , making the big island into a hunting / spa kind of thing .
just what the devil was this thing ?
does that thing work ? ''
` ` that thing ca n't be the focus , '' ivy added .
` ` ... the were holding that thing can make a were by a bite . ''
what did you give that demon for the location of that ... thing ! ''
the thing must have been a foot tall , like a weird top hat .
the thing stood about four inches high , and the animals portrayed were so stylized , i could n't tell if they were beaver , deer , wolves , or bear .
until i got the thing off , i would n't be able to make a circle .
no wonder the vampires had hidden the ugly thing .
` ` jenks , get this thing off me . ''
the thing was demon crafted , and any power gained from it was artificial and would ultimately lead to their damnation , dragging most of inderland along with them , probably .
it was the nicest thing in the shop , in my opinion .
the woman behind the counter set her coffee on her stained hot plate , her fingers reaching to take my things out of the basket .
it was the only thing we could drive around town in now that the truck had been seen fleeing a crash and neither ivy nor i wanted to get in the van .
the only reason i had n't walked off from this was because the weres would hound me forever if they did n't see the thing destroyed , and for that i needed nick .
i must have fused the fairy fucking thing . ''
as soon as nick gets himself safely settled as a nonentity , he 's going to sell that thing and all hell is going to break loose between the vamps and the weres . ''
you got ta get this thing out of my living room .
` ` because if i do n't get that freaky thing out of my living room , matalina is going to leave me . ''
the cursed thing had turned completely silver , malleable like liquid .
there is no way in hell i ' m taking that thing into my apartment . ''
god , i 'd never be able to find a thing .
ask her about maybe changing it to a sunscreen charm - if there was such a thing .
dang , he needed a rubber band to keep the thing shut .
i have to get rid of this thing .
` ` do you have the air on in that thing ? ''
i sneezed three more times while i fumbled to get the stupid thing open , trying to read that i was to take two pills every four hours .
i lurched to my feet and started rearranging the tools in the box so i could get the thing shut .
` ` the thing i picked up for matalina on our last vacation ? ''
` ` i did n't to a flipping thing . ''
one down , one to go , i thought , scared , but to back down now would end my life more quickly than publicly claiming the stupid thing .
remembering the thing thunking around , i set the teddy aside .
i wo n't be able to run if i need to , much less dance unless i hike the thing up past my knees .
either cincy would run me out on a rail for having dinner with al and then letting him incinerate bouncers and toss six witches into the ever - after , or mr . ray and mrs . sarong would band together and kill me for the focus , or there was the yet - undiscovered faction still trying to find out who had the thing , according to al .
fumbling to the tune of ` ` i ' ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts , '' i finally wrestled the thing out of my damp pocket .
and once everyone knows he has the thing , life will go back to normal .
the thing is five thousand years old .
i did n't know which dress ellasbeth had picked out , but i was n't going to wear that ugly green thing .
face flaming , i finally fished the thing out .
all the while , i was courting disaster trying to battle both my preconceived notions of myself and the risk of death to find the same thing with ivy .
` ` if he does n't see me give this thing to piscary , then it does n't do me any good . ''
the damned thing was alive ?
` ` we have to get that thing out of her , and we ca n't do it if she 's fighting us ! ''
it was a very weird red and black stripy thing with lots of tendrils hanging off it .
the only thing you found in the bag was a -- '' ` ` stoppit , wanda .
we 'll have this thing open in no time .
his thigh pressed against mine , and desire tingled across my flesh - a reaction that told me that no matter what i 'd thought , the moon was n't entirely finished with me yet ` ` nice drink , '' liander said , by way of greeting i looked down at the fluffy thing .
i wrenched the thing free , but it felt like half my arm came with it , and i could n't help screaming when i held the thread up , i saw what remained of the barbs on the arrowhead .
` ` damn shame the thing ran out of power when it did .
as soon as the cash had left her palm , she grabbed the bag and started stuffing things inside .
exasperated , she thumped the thing with her finger .
` ` i ' m seriously going to kill this guy if he tries to stick me with that thing . ''
it was the kind of totally cracked thing myrnin would think was not only logical , but somehow helpful .
it 's going to take all day to tear this thing apart , but i need to understand what you 're doing .
and she 'd texted him back first thing when she woke up , but the ambulance had already left .
it had n't been so much the disease , claire thought , as being stuck inside that mechanical thing without a body that had finally driven her completely crazy .
oliver growled , low in his throat , and said , ` ` then turn the damned thing off and fix it .
` ` i hope i can park this thing in here . ''
you look like a strong wind will snap you off at the knees , but you 're a tough little thing , are n't you ? ''
he looked down and saw the thing , the grenade .
` ` you know , that big round thing hanging up in the hall .
it went like this : things that aunt tabby will not like when she comes home one garden gate thrown on top of the hedge one dead spider plant one house full of bats one bedroom full of clothes thrown everywhere five smashed picture frames at least two dozen moldy curtains strewn around the house ditto books ditto flowerpots one smashed - up chest hundreds of old tennis balls one kitchen ceiling covered in food it did not look good .
she wiped at the mess with the back of her hand , then the hem of her t - shirt before realizing that it was literally the only thing she had to wear .
history , that kind of thing ? ''
he cut her bra strap , too , and she just barely had the presence of mind to grab hold before the whole thing slid down her arms .
eve lent her a laptop - a retro thing , big and black and clunky , with a biohazard - symbol sticker on the front .
not the kind of thing you 'd find lying around .
shane steered her and eve into the kitchen , loaded them down with water and prepackaged food like pop - tarts and energy bars , and helped them stack things in the dark , gloomy hiding place where claire had spent her first morning in the glass house .
` ` i ' m wearing the same thing .
does this thing move , or do you just sit in it and play with yourself ? ''
it was the last thing one would expect attached to the back of church - and i loved it .
` ` i did n't think you would be able to pull the fish thing off , '' she said .
he said it was the only thing they had on the lot that did n't scrunch his legs up to his chin .
my arm hung out the car 's open window , and i could hear a piano playing some elaborate complicated thing that composers made up to show off their dexterity rather than any artistic expression .
it would likely be the last thing i ate today because ivy had a date with kist .
motions quick with spent adrenaline , i brushed through my hair and threw on a pair of jeans and my black halter top , the warmest clean thing i had since i had n't gotten my winter stuff out of storage yet .
she tried to jerk the thing over her head but was suddenly propelled forward by an invisible force .
surely he did n't mean to use that thing .
he pressed her back , crowding her until she met the rock - lined wall ; she kept the metal object directed at him , the silly thing clicking over and over again .
hope curdled in her stomach as the damn thing remained firmly closed .
he 'd never heard of such a thing , but praise be the gods for its creation .
other than unlocking your bedroom door , what makes that thing so valuable ? ''
she paused as though hypnotized by the imposing thing .
barley water , says tunny , is the only thing one should take when suffering such ailments of the emotional humors . ''
you rigged the whole thing back then .
i hear they are the thing for dirigible travel , and i desire a set that matches my hair , and what do i find ?
the queen , supernatural in speed and cunning , simply dodged out of the way of the massive metal thing .
relying on all his strength , he attempted to forcibly rip away the ball bearings and pulleys that directed the thing 's movements .
i leaned back on my bed , trying to imitate jenna 's air of nonchalance , but it turns out that 's really hard to do on a bare mattress , so i sat up and started pulling things out of my trunk .
she 'd never do a thing to hurt one .
only thing that can kill demons . ''
the entire thing is so eighteenth century .
that thing is covered in some serious mojo . ''
holy crap , who started drinking first thing in the morning ?
mild telekinesis , precognition , that kind of thing .
` ` this thing is enchanted to hel and back - maybe literally . ''
and wearing this thing ?
` ` after some of the stuff we 'd read in that thing , nothing would make me happier than seeing it in flames .
for the first time , i noticed there was some sort of holster thing on his back .
` ` we 're cal ing an emergency meeting of the council for first thing in the morning .
` ` could someone take this blasted thing off so that i can see ? ''
still , when aislinn crossed over to the thing hanging on the wall and ripped down the canvas , i was taken aback by what i saw .
` ` cover that damn thing back up , '' mom said to her sister .
` ` if we 're going to fight demons , it might be handy to have a lot of demonglass , seeing as how it 's the only thing that can kill a demon , '' aislinn said .
now , we 'll start preparing you for the ritual tomorrow morning , first thing .
i was in my hex hall uniform , figuring that was the least conspicuous thing i could wear to sneak back into the school .
` ` you ' ve still got that old thing ? ''
jez could n't think of a thing to say to break the tension , and she could n't seem to look away from morgead .
` ` he knows we ' ve got the real thing !
` ` i ca n't find a thing , '' stormy said as she tore through the costumes .
` ` i think it 's time we tear this thing down ! ''
munro had driven his brand - new range rover turbo here , topping the thing out on old louisiana county roads .
` ` put that thing back in the motherfuckin ' hole , loa ! ''
ach , she was a bonny thing .
i 'll shoot you a youtube sometime , through this thing we youngsters like to call ' electronic mail . '
filled with guilt , he 'd charged out to pick her flowers , the only thing he could give her .
he checked his gps system , only to discover the stupid thing was broken .
while layel himself would love to own the powerful jewel again , he did not want the damn thing close to marina .
` ` even if jason was still here , you 'd be the most dangerous thing in the room and you know it ! ''
we both know it 's the best thing i can find , with all my restrictions .
it was just about the sexiest thing claire had ever seen , full of sweetness and love and longing .
i can barely look at this thing without seeing the past .
` ` i ' m not taking this thing .
` ` this thing 's sharp . ''
the cinder blocks were painted a pale blue with dark red trim on the roof and windows , but the whole thing had faded to a kind of pale gray over time .
` ` you do n't want that thing , anyway , '' he said .
i know for a fact you paid matt down at the funeral parlor seven hundred dollars for the damn thing , and it 's been sitting for six months gathering dust .
eve pulled the hearse around carefully , getting used to the size of the thing .
he looked at the bars on the jail cell door , sneered , and snapped the whole thing off its hinges with a heave .
` ` you ca n't kill him with that thing , '' eve said .
there were dents in his bronze form , and the whole thing leaned a little to the left , as though built on unsteady ground .
another few inches , and the whole thing was going to do a faceplant of hiram into the overgrown grass .
claire lurched for the bus , hobbled up the steps , and found the whole thing deserted .
the van was a big yellow thing , some kind of bread truck , with a boxy , windowless back .
it missed the statue of what's - his- name , the town 's patron saint , but the vibrations caused the whole thing to wobble uncertainly , and as claire watched , it toppled over that last couple of inches , and gravity took over , slamming the smug statue 's face into the grass once and for all .
` ` it 's the closest thing we ' ve got to a hotel .
` ` i need you to see if you can get a message out on this thing . ''
` ` this thing could be a real workout , '' he said .
shane , poor thing , kept pedaling .
shane arrived at the door of the building -- abigwooden thing , scarred and faded , with massive iron hinges -- and banged on it .
it was an acoustic guitar thing , and it put tears into claire 's eyes ; there was something so soft and sad and aching about it .
it was the only thing i had n't seen on my search .
and i was mighty pissed that i 'd crashed my car - i 'd only had the damn thing a week .
i do n't go looking for that sort of thing . ''
the damn thing was locked .
after nicking the lasers around us in a circle and momentarily forcing the mass back , i grabbed the thing from his face , noting even as i tossed it away that it somehow seemed smaller .
the blue thing was obviously just a safety measure , because nothing else had come out of the darkness of the stairwell .
now i had one thing i did n't have before .
dante sucked in a breath and flung himself into the river a mere instant before the thing blew , tossing the boathouse and half the dock into the air with a giant explosion of smoke , flame , and shrapnel .
and you call me first thing in the morning , promise ? ''
the damn thing was n't cordless -- she 'd gotten it cheap on closeout -- and the receiver barely reached to her ear from over the counter .
as it stood , he 'd gotten off with a warning and a stern suggestion that he return shiva to the gun shop first thing in the morning , just so nobody got the wrong idea and wanted to press charges .
with the crimson eater snapping and clawing at him in a feral chaos of movement , dante flicked a sharp mental command on the club 's back door , slamming the thing shut and jamming the lock to keep the curious from wandering out into the fray .
she did n't know it was possible to feel this kind of need , but now that she was burning with it , there was only one thing that could sate it .
strapped across the chest of his black long - sleeved shirt was a gun holster sporting a deadly looking brushed - stainless monstrosity ; she did n't even want to imagine the size of hole that thing could blast into someone .
he called her apartment first thing in the morning , but she had apparently already left for work .
behind him , in the split second before he could reach the shed and tear the thing down with his bare hands , a rogue came out of the shadows and pounced .
he saw a flash of movement from within and drew back just as a rogue came out of the kitchen with a butcher knife and began slicing into the cushions of the recliner , tearing the thing apart .
` ` my lord , the poor thing .
` ` you think you can get around the encryption on that thing , gid ? ''
` ` i ' m meeting ray at my place after his shift , but call me first thing in the morning and tell me how it went , you hear me ? ''
he had clicked the device into silent mode , berating himself for the uncustomary lack of sense that had made him carry the damned thing on his hunt in the first place .
lucan stared with scorn at the phone ringing in his hand , knowing he ought to just let the damned thing go unanswered .
` ` damn thing 's always had a hair trigger .
but it had been broad daylight , and she 'd returned , at last , to find her apartment empty , not a thing out of place .
` ` niko , help me get this thing moving . ''
blow the fucking thing sky - high . ''
ready to take that thing off ? ''
claire grabbed the first thing that came to hand -- some kind of ratty old shirt myrnin had left thrown on the floor -- and patted out the fire .
` ` you dial up the nearest fort knox or something on that thing .
although anybody wanting to preserve that thing has never been inside it running for their life , i 'll bet . ''
` ` yes , you really are a bad person , '' she told monica , and ducked underneath a lowhanging loop of wire that looked horrormovie ready , the sort of thing that dropped around your neck and hauled you up to be dispatched by the psychokiller villain .
` ` you think you should be fooling with that thing ? ''
it was just about the only thing in the lab that was -- the scientific instruments were smashed , lab tables overturned , candles and lamps broken .
cora lee had insisted she drink the whole thing .
he owned a portrait alexander had painted of methe only thing he could own of me .
we all rose and collected our things .
i threw on the first thing i saw , a charcoal - colored t - shirt dress , and layered it with a ripped wicked wiccas tank , gathered my backpack , and haphazardly dragged myself out of my house .
he probably mangled the whole thing !
no , we have the real thing , sebastian said , pointing to the bottle on the table .
` ` damned thing is slippery . ''
` ` how do i put this thing into reverse ? ''
` ` you 're a pretty little thing .
` ` oh , the poor thing , '' brynley murmured .
` ` is that thing on ? ''
he felt himself shrinking , just looking at the damned thing .
i 'll bring up the '' -he winced as the damned thing wiggled against his rear- '' uh , rear . ''
it looked like the sort of thing ebenezer scrooge would wear .
` ` a furry thing in the groin area .
the damn thing was like an invisi - fence for things bigger than dogs -- with the added bene of no collar being required .
it was absolutely perfect , the kind of thing john would wear on his skin with pride -- not that anyone would see the old language characters or all that spectacular swirl work .
because his new favorite toy was the kind of thing he wanted to have around for a very long time .
palming up a flat pack of dunhill reds , he withdrew a cigarette , put it between his lips , and lit the thing with his black lighter .
undoubtedly her number was on the thing , but she really did n't need to get her hopes up .
the dark alleys were the thing .
taking one of them off the pile , he slid the thing across the counter and snagged a pen from a cup .
as he lifted the thing to his nose , he could smell that cologne .
and that staircase ... the thing was like a carpeted landing strip that stretched up to the heavens , its golden balustrade splitting at the top to form the anchors of the second floor 's open balcony .
at least until he took his weapons out -- then he dumped the thing on the corner of the bed .
fishing around the empty bottles , he found the remote , and when he hit the on button , there was a pause like the thing had forgotten what it was used for -- but then the picture flared .
the white house was a simple three - story box with porches on the first and second floors and a hip roof with dormers , but the elegance of the proportions and the sheer size of the damn thing were what put it so solidly in mansion territory .
although knowing his hand , the damn thing would have probably ended up behind the fly anyway .
just as he was pulling on his leathers , his phone went off and he reached over to his jacket to fish the thing out .
after a soft knock was n't answered , he pulled a fuck - it and opened the thing in .
wadding it up , he shoved the thing down the laundry chute , and damn if the cramming did n't help a little .
popping it into his mouth , he lit the thing while staring into those mismatched eyes .
the master lock on a chain was a godsend , and he reached up with his palm , mentally unlocking the thing and slipping it free of its links so that it hung loose .
besides , he did n't know where they 'd moved the damn thing to .
the damn thing appeared to be pissed off at the attention he 'd given it , a thin black ooze welling up over its surface .
he slapped a band - aid the size of an index card on the thing and thought that maybe tonight he and his gf would play nice .
taking off his suit jacket , he folded the thing in half ... and realized there was nowhere to lay it down .
the fact that the thing needed to be disarmed did n't necessarily mean lash was n't inside .
up ahead , the front door was a massive , ornately carved thing , with glass into which iron bars were set .
straightening , he walked over to the sub- zero and cracked the thing open .
blay positioned himself against the high back of the wing chair , running one arm along the top of the thing as he took a deep sip , and then another , before passing the tequila back .
given the omega 's wardrobe , which was limited to those driven - snow drapery things , he was the prime focal point , the only thing that stood out .
parking the mercedes under cover , he shut the thing in with the remote and got out .
the thing shattered , juice going everywhere , those little eyelike rollers hitting the floor and making bids for freedom in all directions .
after the second time , he handed the thing back to rehv and met those amethyst eyes head - on .
rehv came up with a copper key , put the thing to use , and opened the way .
and as for the lash thing ?
he 'd had the thing for about a month and a half .
he was as beautiful as always , his face the kind of thing females dreamed of .
d - d - do n't -- '' he ignored her , cocking the damn thing and texting .
he turned the thing around , and then left a moment later , and all she could do was close her eyes as the door shut .
the thing had grease smudges from dirty hands on the sides , like she had n't washed it for a couple of days , and she smelled like fake cherries , bo and crack smoke .
and the thing was permitted and he knew how to use it : back when people had been getting popped in l.a . traffic , he 'd decided to get armed .
the thing was standard- issue institutional , which meant it looked about as comfortable as a stake up the ass , but she did n't want him to leave .
opening the door wide , he left the thing as it was and ignored the soft clicking sound when qhuinn shut them in together .
blotting at his upper lip , he fumbled to put the thing away .
just as gregg was getting ready to call the local police ... the damn thing disappeared into thin air .
the water in one of the crystal basins was moving in ever - slowing circles , as if the thing had been used just now .
from his chair , john watched her eat the thing , just drinking his coffee , and the second she was finished , he brought out a danish that proved too tempting .
when she 'd taken the thing out , he 'd been surprised to see it was the doris kearns goodwin about the fitzgeralds and the kennedys .
he wished he 'd never called holly over to look at the thing .
just one poke and shift and the thing sprang loose .
she leaned into his legs as she slowly rose up , her face caressing his knees , his thighs -- xhex went right over his cock , her lips brushing the underside of the damn thing .
the thing was all fast and furious , a honda civic that had been to the automotive plastic surgeon 's and gotten a play - boy makeover : with a whale tail and an air dam that left about a three- inch ground clearance as well as a paint job that was gray and pink and a retina - burning yellow , it was like a midwestern girl who 'd fallen into porn .
then again , at least it was on his back and he did n't have to look at the goddamn thing .
qhuinn fumbled with his phone and flicked the thing open .
that thing is a sewing machine with an air dam taped to it .
as he went to try to get the thing free , she whirled around and nailed him in the gut with her backup blade , springing a hole in his lower intestines .
the thing just disappeared .
they 're so on fire , apparently the internet 's gone nuts over the promos already -- all we have to do is pray that thing shows up a week from now when we go live .
with a curse , he shifted off the bed and went to his suitcase , rummaging around to the bottom of the thing .
as ehlena bandaged john 's leg and the doctor recalibrated whatever was getting pumped into his vein , xhex picked the bullet off the tray and looked the thing over .
` ` good job , doc , '' she said harshly as she slipped the thing into her pocket .
righting the thing , he peeled the shirt off the shade and , like a pathetic nancy , brought the soft cotton to his nose for an inhale .
approaching the door , she unleashed her anger , ripping the thing from the hinges and throwing it backward into the cold , empty room .
fucking thing looked like an ad in a magazine , with all its pillows arranged and the extra duvet folded up like a cloth taco at the foot of the mattress .
who had leaped out of bed , and pointed a gun at the door to the hall like he was prepared to blow a hole right through the frickin ' thing .
` ` yeah , i had to burn the thing down .
but it was n't the only thing i needed .
that lovely object would be the last thing payne ever saw , she thought as her eyes became so heavy , she could no longer keep her lids open .
she snatched out another tissue , but instead of using it , she folded the thing into precise squares , halving it and then quartering it , then working some triangles until it was nothing but a tight wedge between her fingers .
john grabbed that hand of hers and brought it to his lips , kissing the thing hard .
leaning the thing against the house , he returned for the nails and the hammer .
after the shooting , the brotherhood had taken the suv and disposed of it , and tohr did n't even want to know what had become of the thing .
the top was down as always , because he could n't really fit in the thing with the roof in place .
securing the thing had been easy ; he 'd put a blanket over the paint job , braced the weight on top of the boot , and tied it down every which way to sunday .
the little black sony number discharged its duties with admirable flair , the thing firing up the flat- screen and switching the channels until they flicked by quick as the beat of her heart .
the thing was five feet tall and about three feet wide and seemed to be the kind to split wide down the middle .
there was a click and then he released the latches on the top and the bottom and moved around behind the thing .
the kind of thing that was passed down from female to female .
but i just do n't understand why you would show up here now , tonight , and offer to let me wear it -- because your emotions are very personal at this moment in time and you ca n't even look at the thing . ''
the damn thing was huge and sized to fit a warrior 's hand , its surface glowing through the fine network of scratches that covered the crest and the sides .
it was so lovely , a sign of spring , eternally flowering ... the kind of thing that uplifted you every time you saw it .
as she yanked the thing on , she cursed .
then he wheeled the thing around and threw the loose body skullfirst into the side of a dumpster .
previous to her abduction , as the daughter of the council 's leahdyre , she had been a highly valuable commodity , the kind of thing that was sequestered and brought out for admiring at special occasions like a fine jewel .
yanking the thing wide , he barked , ` ` what ! ''
the thing had obviously been cleaned with care and prepared for storage , its sleeves stuffed with tissue paper , its hanger one of those jobs that had a padded insert for the bodice .
balancing his cane against the delicate sofa he 'd been sitting on , he opened the parchment with his fingertips , like he did n't enjoy the feel of the thing .
with a growl , he took hold of the little glass triangle and pulled the thing out .
when she went to raise the thing up again , he reached out and put his hand on her arm .
damn thing looked like a spaceship about to take off .
the thing was your standard - issue quarter - ounce serve - up , except for one little detail .
the goddamn thing was crying like a female .
fisting the satin , he dragged the thing off by the thick skirt and shook it .
leaving her office , she locked the thing up with her mind so she did n't have to worry about keys - ` ` hey , trez , '' she said as her boss emerged from the ladies ' locker room .
picking up a bottle of jack , he ripped the thing open .
picking the thing up , he went into his room ... and half expected to find her naked on his bed , ready for some sex .
on every of its levels , lights glowed through glass panels , as if the thing had no solid walls .
inside , a powerful engine revved , and then some variety of low - slung , shiny black thing eased out in reverse .
and as he came up to a dumpster , he tore behind the thing , prepared to return fire , as soon as he knew where his boys were .
reaching around with a curse , he scrubbed at his flesh , destroying the thing .
wetness on his palm made him bring the thing forward - blood .
the thing loosened with little or no help from him , and then the folds were free of her sheath - covered body .
the good news was that at least when he was behind the thing pouring liquor , his longshoreman and those two buoys were not in full view .
throe could only stare at the thing .
with awkward jabs , he hunted and pecked around for the green send button , and after he hit it , he put the thing to his ear .
the fact that he opened the thing into a black hole seemed absolutely right - fuuuuck , it still smelled like her .
he waited for the door to drop back into place behind him , and as it did , tohr noticed there were no windowpanes in the thing .
` ` he wants us at the back entrance , '' tohr said , putting the thing away .
when they got to the van , he checked the thing out , then popped the back double doors and shoved the most powerful vampire on the planet in there like he was a piece of luggage .
the ten - by - six - foot pane simply caught the bullet and held it , like the thing was nothing more than abc gum .
as he got the thing into place and secured , he had to have some respect for how assail handled security measures .
then he shed his water pack and ripped it apart : taking the flexible plastic tubing that snaked from the mouthpiece to the bladder , he drew the thing out flat and cut it at both ends ; then he blew the water out of the inside .
it was a damn shame he could n't sterilize the blade , but even if he 'd had a bonfire to draw it through , he did n't have time for the thing to cool down : those jerking breaths were getting quieter , instead of louder .
we have to have that thing - it 's the only way we 're going to be able to prove who did this . ''
the robe was swinging wildly , and no'one must have hated the flapping as much as he did , because she abruptly dumped the thing , scraping it free of her shoulders and letting it fall to the tile .
last time she was going to wear the damned thing .
kind of like she 'd swallowed her alarm clock during the day and the thing was going off in her belly .
pushing himself away from the door , he scrambled backward until he hit the desk and grabbed onto the thing in preparation for the next onslaught .
in its wake , he told himself to turn around to the supply cabinet and put the thing to good use - except he could n't leave doc jane .
xhex grabbed the doorknob , twisted hard enough to break the thing off , and shoved her way - holy .
she threw the first thing within reach at him - the soda can .
he set the thing down with deliberate finesse , as if he were daring her to pitch it at him again .
` ` i ' m so fucking ... '' god , those sounds , that muted pounding , that audible confirmation of what he had been ignoring for the past year - on a sudden wave of violence , he pitched the brandy snifter at the marble fireplace , shattering the thing .
the weapon that was used to shoot at wrath was a rifle with a long - range scope - not the kind of thing anyone would take into the field on a normal night .
when she extended her palm , he loosened the cord at the neck of the thing .
he spent all last night packing up stuff , giving her things away , getting the furniture ready to move out - he 's selling the place . ''
she took the thing out and put it on the dirt floor next to her .
the damn thing was big enough to house one or maybe two long - noses .
as he put the thing down , tohr had to force himself to keep breathing .
she held the thing out to the brother .
` ` you ever barbecue with that thing ? ''
tohr took the thing , feeling the warmth that lingered in the metal .
tohr slipped the thing on , and yeah , it clipped just fine .
taking out a white robe , the brother put the thing on and then returned to the bed to gird his waist with the magnificent ribbon phury had brought .
you stay right where you are , and for the love of god , do not open that thing .
the thing was part flamethrower , part nuclear bomb , capable of melting any metal , turning stone into glass , and making a kebab out of any plane , train , or automobile he pleased .
ever since she 'd been transformed , she could go places and get into things without anyone having a clue she was around .
` ` i want you to operate , '' he heard himself say as he put the thing back .
the guy took the thing anyway .
his head was thumping and his arthritic hip was killing him , that flat - out race over the track to glory 's side way more than the damn thing could handle .
the only thing he 'd hung anywhere was a plasmascreen tv the size of a billboard .
with the thing hanging off his face like a chin bib , he 'd demanded to know what the fuck was wrong - all the while assuming it was either a forty - car pileup on the highway or a plane crash or a fire at a hotel ... something that was a community - wide tragedy .
as his fingers rested on the stone , she knew he had to have been the one to pick the thing out .
while he was licking the thing closed , butch dug into his pocket and supplied the lighter , flicking up a flame and holding it forward .
about five minutes later , they came up to a gate that looked like it had been erected during the punic wars - the thing was hanging at alice in wonderland angles , the chain link rusted to shit and broken in places .
the damn thing opened smoothly , however .
he wrenched off his suit 's coat and threw it into a corner , not giving a shit where the thing landed .
when he held out his black amex , she breast - iculated wildly to accept the damn thing , bending over so far she might as well have been trying to pick a swizzle stick off the floor with her nipples .
he reached forward and slipped the thing into the weak hand that rested o'er her heart .
and then the thing was against his palm before he even knew he was gripping it .
the irony that the damn thing remained all wakey - wakey , in spite of the fact that his other head was totally scrambled , was no laughing matter .
the release was just as strong as the one on the couch had been , sacking his body until his cock was n't the only thing twitching uncontrollably : every muscle he had seemed to be involved in the release , and he had to bite his lip to keep from yelling .
worse came to worst , he could just disappear the damn thing in his pants .
he knew what it was before he looked at the thing .
he approached the thing like there was a bomb taped to its undercarriage .
avoiding the whole dining room scene , he headed for the door beneath the stairs and put the thing to good use .
when gorillaz 's ` ` clint eastwood '' came on , he went over to a treadmill and got on the thing .
for once in his life , he did not go for breakneck : the speed was calibrated so that his pace was a steady churn , the kind of thing he could sustain for hours .
butch corked the bottle and tossed the thing .
he remembered his hand reaching out to a closed bathroom door , the damn thing quaking from palm to fingertips .
all he had was a faded picture that was the only thing he 'd ever put in a frame - why the hell was he thinking about that this morning ?
the thing was jane 's , the one she kept in the side pocket of her white coat .
indeed , jane had tried to get her to do so much more ... had even wheeled in a chair for her to sit in and ambulate , but payne could n't bear the sight of the thing , or the idea of spending her life rolling from place to place .
the thing was so tight , she knew it was cutting off circulation , but she felt neither the constriction of the binding nor any sweet release as she sprang the clasp and the leather popped loose .
there was nothing translucent about the thing .
as he spoke , her healer moved that black thing around and the pictures changed .
` ` can you move the ... that thing ? ''
he took the thing back and got out his new bic , which actually frickin ' worked .
the real thing made that shit feel room - temperature compared to the surface of mercury .
` ` god ... damn it - ` ` straightening after she picked the thing up , she glanced at the bed and thought , right , maybe it was time to quit with the white shirts .
she would love to give him back what he had shared with her ... but she had no secrets to teach him and no blood to gift him with , as not only did humans not require such a thing , but it was capable of killing them .
even in the midst of manic , physical exertion , delvecchio was strangely relaxed , utterly focused ... and undeniably deadly : jose got the sense that if he let the other detective go , the camera was n't the only thing that was going to be irreparably damaged .
gradually , the tension in that arm loosened and jose escorted the thing down until he could take the nikon - no way of knowing whether the storm was truly over .
he put the code in , shut the thing off , and locked the dead bolt behind himself .
it was the kind of thing that no one but v would know how to remove from a cell .
` ` i wo n't let you fall , '' he said as he helped her into the thing .
no unlacing - he cut through the latticework at the front of the damn thing and slipped it off a foot the size of a suitcase .
the little white square was hanging from manny 's blunt fingertips , and he wagged it again as she just stared at the thing .
which v knew because he 'd handed the thing over a number of times .
his car was parked in the shadows on the right , and when he got over to it , he found the thing unlocked .
the contraption was something v had bought but had never used : he 'd kept it only because it had terrified him , and that was reason enough to own the thing .
and that was in addition to the condition the guy 's face was in , courtesy of whatever he 'd slammed the thing into .
on his way to the door , he got out his cell phone to dial - and dropped the damn thing .
everything had been cleaned up ... except for a pair of things that were out of place on the floor : a spoon and a glass that was mostly empty of what had to be water .
over time , the steel lost its brand - new gleam , and the hilt became stained , and maybe you nicked the shit out of the thing a couple of times .
rolling his eyes at himself , he thought , christ , maybe hallmark would be open to establishing a line of medieval - inspired valentine 's day cards , some kind of a holly - goth - lightly kind of thing .
with any luck , the head vet had n't seen a thing - ` ` thank you , jesus , '' manny muttered , as he got his cue and shoved with his hip .
but whatever - asshole could have the fucking thing .
the disarming was just as fast : one , she twisted the weapon away ; two , she snapped it out of the sob 's hold ; three , she tossed it at manny , who caught the thing .
through the course of the workout , he had to juice the machine a couple of times - some jackass had obviously tuned the damn thing up and the belt was sluggish .
and the clue as to what really mattered to him was in the way he scrambled like his fleece had caught fire to get the thing out .
manny reached out and picked the thing up .
rhage loved to play with the damn thing , but every time he did , fritz got nervous and wanted in on the action .
as the female struck him , xcor 's head whipped so far and so fast to the side that he pulled his shoulder in the attempt to keep the damn thing stuck to his spine .
it had taken him only a good three hours of making boxes and boxes around block after block after cocksucking block to run across the damn thing .
as he spun on his heel , he grabbed his cross - or maybe it was his heart , so the damn thing did n't break out from behind his sternum .
easing back , he found that , yup , it was a busted - up cell phone and the thing was ringing on vibrate , which explained the noise .
` ` and the thing 's password - protected . ''
dragging over a random bag , he crammed all of that into the thing , along with his computer and charger .
` ` here - this is - ` ` the guy accepted what was offered but did n't look at the thing .
for the vampire , getting into the thing was the work of a moment .
marek wanted the book for some reason , so there had to be a clue of some sort secreted in the damn thing somewhere .
the rogue had pissed himself at some point during the procedure , leaving a puddle of urine beneath the table that only added to the degradation of the whole thing .
they 're mostly mundane ... photographs , jewelry , some monogrammed desk items , that sort of thing .
the hinges screamed with the impact , the frame splitting as he came at the thing again with the force of a battering ram .
the same thing we found in the journal marek was after .
whatever you can read in this thing , we need to know .
he grabbed the nearest thing he could find -- his hands closing on a length of copper utility pipe that ran up the wall .
the wires on the thing were all fucked up .
she banged the barrel on her palm a couple of times before somewhat frantically attempting to turn the damn thing on again .
there were some delays ... i did n't secure the damn thing until today .
she did n't expect to see him in her room first thing that morning .
bad enough she saw the damn thing for herself . ''
rio clung to his fury for eva 's betrayal , a feeble grounding , but the only thing he had at the moment .
she 'd practically forgotten about it since she arrived there , having taken it out of her pants pocket and stuffed it under the mattress of rio 's bed the first chance she 'd gotten to ditch the thing for safekeeping .
the damn thing was dead , just cut out on her even though the battery had n't quite choked yet .
eve 's was a petite black thing with a yawning cartoon vampire on it .
she felt stupid , dressed in her long - sleeved tee , but it was the only thing she had that could hide the bracelet , and she desperately wanted to hide it .
she picked up the handiest thing to throw -- it happened to be the playstation controller -- and shane quickly , carefully de - gamed her .
` ` i told the queen , i do n't like her putting you down there with that thing .
it was , as far as she could tell , the same cage that the vampires had used to lock up shane in founder 's square - heavy black bars , and the whole thing was on wheels .
claire was n't at all sure the thing would hold together to be pushed , but she did as he said .
captain obvious had a knife , a big , wicked thing , and he put it to claire 's throat , right under her chin .
jennifer was sitting at the same table monica favored , sipping a drink that claire bet was the same thing monica drank , wearing an outfit that was probably monica 's hand - me - downs , or at least copied from the same designers .
the only thing that really works is the aimy . ''
it read : dear all , we are in which is with a big thing with knobs .
lofty grabbed at the fluttering thing , which was damp .
the hut was only a temporary thing , made of woven hazel and roofed with tarpaulin ; the charcoal - burners moved around a lot , from coppice to coppice .
` ` perks , i do n't need no clacky thing .
after all , she thought bitterly , it was just the sort of thing some untrained idiots might come across , maybe a quiet patrol could even surprise them there ... she shut her eyes and tried to breathe normally .
there was a thing with a funnel and a handle and some mysterious screws.10 there were a couple of rolling pins , a lettuce strainer , some ladles ... and there were forks .
the toasting forks might prick , the lettuce strainer might pack a punch , and the rolling pins were at least a traditional female weapon , but all you could do with the thing with a funnel and a handle and mysterious screws was baffle people .
i do n't know if you ' ve run across his newspaper thing ?
a necklace of the roast beans , that 'd be the thing .
i pulled out the one thing every good investigator needs : my clipboard with my case notes .
it had a beautiful golden floral inlay , with intricately carved pedestals holding the whole damn thing steady .
sometimes , the damn thing went off so loud that i could n't hear myself think .
warded fae - steel with a hunter 's mark , they were the kind of thing even he 'd be hard pressed to get out of .
` ` oh yeah , you 're a kinky little thing , all right , '' his voice , velvet temptation over steel , murmured in her ear .
i ' m sure you 'd much rather be out with a pretty blonde thing rather than a middle - aged , plump mother of two . ''
i gulped hard as we continued toward his car- a large black land rover type thing .
poseidon was wearing a short kilt - type thing made from slats of leather .
` ` poseidon had quite the fun time showing me that he could control me with that thing .
but finding the door was n't as easy as i thought it might be , as every- thing was covered in aunt tabby 's favorite thick brown paint .
and i noticed that the whole thing read like a journal entry , rather than a letter to someone else .
at home , i went to look at myself in the mirror first thing ; it was pretty gruesome .
` ` does n't the radio work in this thing ? ''
` ` i do n't think i have the same thing you did . ''
i might be the furthest thing from an autophile , but i could tell you everything about that particular car .
he would be headed back to the reservation first thing in the morning for harry 's funeral , so he turned in early .
` ` do n't tell my wife or rosalyn , but i 'd always hated the damn thing .
but it was a most singular and meticulously made thing , i 'll tell you that , more worthy of the word ' relic ' perhaps than any other i ' ve ever seen . ''
where to buy this thing and the other .
we were the brightest thing in the forum .
the thing would disintegrate if not handled with care .
she was a petrified thing .
the slaves are so drunk it 's a wonder they do n't drop the thing and heave the master into the road , and he himself is fast asleep .
bonnie , '' he said intently , ` ` is someone bringing this thing to us ?
some weird metal thing that she could n't figure out from touching what it might be , no .
how big was the fucking thing ?
but that 's definitely not a suction cup i see on the end of that thing .
` ` do n't even tell me you made it through the metal detector with that thing . ''
` ` and that you were n't doing a damned thing to stop him ?
crappy wooden thing , must'a been from the early nineteen hundreds .
his father 's idea , probably , since he was the vip of vips at the research facility that had kept everyone employed when the military base moved to arizona , but it did go with the overdone lace - and - corset thing i had on .
` ` she needs to learn how to use that thing .
with the child - lock thing .
she 'd changed in the employee bathroom from her work suit into the only other thing she had with her , but although it was red , white , and blue , she did n't think that her roller derby uniform was really appropriate prom attire .
there were two uniforms in her skate bag , a home uniform - white satin halter top and bottom with blue cape and red , white , and blue stripes on the skirt ( if you could call something that was five inches long and required attached panties to be worn under it a skirt ) -and an away uniform : the same thing , only in blue .
she remembered the other advice from the book , ` ` when in doubt , make an offer , '' reached out , grabbed the first thing she could put her hand on , held it up to his chin , and said , ` ` nuts ? ''
` ` is this thing even on ? ''
` ` does this thing have a nightlight ? ''
can you come back first thing ? ''
` ` hey , it 's not the inside of your cheek that thing is being shoved into it . ''
he seemed little more than a shadow of the pine , even though the sun was still too low to cast such things this deep in the trees .
joe had barely taken a step when i unleashed my aura , flicking it across him like a live thing , letting the heat of it overwhelm him , until the desire to take what he wanted , what he craved , was all - consuming .
in fact , the only thing that was n't beaten and bloody was his genitals .
but there was one thing i could n't resist at the mall : the food court .
the only other things of note were a sagging couch covered in an ugly orange - and - brown plaid and a crooked coffee table .
` ` beth , i swear to god , i did n't hang that thing up in your locker . ''
` ` so how long have you been running this thing ? ''
adam was waiting just inside the door , and i was relieved to see he was wearing more or less the same thing he 'd had on at school today .
` ` oh , are n't you a pretty thing .
` ` the thing with the salt , '' he repeated .
i lost the stupid thing . ''
things from poppy 's old life , which suddenly seemed to have been a hundred years ago .
poppy was eyeing the thing with distaste .
there was something floating there , a giant round thing thatblazed with silvery light .
you know , i noticed that black thing , but inever really looked at it before .
` ` did n't i tell you to get rid of that disgusting thing ? ''
if your blood pressure goes up , i ' m turning that silly thing off . ''
` ` i ' m going to need both hands to land this thing , and i -- '' the words caught in her throat .
` ` did n't i tell you to run out first thing this morning and pick up some rice and canned beans ?
but seth 's quarters were as neat as ever , not a single thing out of place .
he 'd asked the laboratory workers what the cage was used for , watching as three of them in white jumpsuits tested some of the fittings and clicked computer controls that operated different functions on the thing .
he tried again with the same result , then swore roundly when he realized he 'd forgotten to buy gas for the damned thing last night .
the only thing he carried that would prove useful to someone in the wild would be his weapons , but the rogue - killing guns he carried were far too valuable to leave behind .
kade goosed the throttle of his sled , but the damn thing was still too slow for his liking .
` ` that thing is ... well , it 's a mirage , kind of like a trick of the eye .
what if you 're that mirage thing i saw back there ? ''
` ` this little thing right here is what was in you . ''
` ` and , of course , i had this lovely little thing right here . ''
the more time we 're up here messing around with this thing , the more time everyone stays trapped .
our bodies are aligned completely and i can feel things that i really do n't want to feel ... bulging in certain places .
` ` you are a devious thing , '' he remarks and places a sloppy kiss on my cheek .
the whole thing stank of a trap .
the poor thing could not help it .
what did i do to merit a visit from you first thing in the morning ?
she tensed at the memory of that awful waxy thing .
it was currently her second favorite thing he did with his tongue .
as bridesmaid , ivy hisselpenny did her best , but the poor thing was a tad overwhelmed by the particulars .
she refused to turn into that screaming , gibbering thing in the darkness again .
as a last resort , she could simply do her best to bring the whole thing down .
okay , now let 's get this thing open .
the ring was the only thing she had from her real parents .
` ` like where everybody dresses up as trees and things ?
` ` as soon as one of your new secret agent pals figures out how to get rid of the thing in my neck , i 'll be leaving .
` ` jesus christ , that thing is juiced with more than fourteen thousand volts of electricity . ''
` ` i told him i wanted to live , and the last thing i remember is him slicing open his arm and removing that thing -- that tiny bit of god - knows - what -- that 's now embedded inside of me . ''
` ` take the goddamned thing out of me right now , or i 'll do it myself ! ''
` ` like you did just a few minutes ago in the tech lab , right before my arms were the only thing that came between your stubborn ass and the floor ? ''
` ` hunter does n't miss a damned thing .
that 's about the tenth time you ' ve checked that thing since we came down here . ''
` ` i ' m not going near that thing .
` ` i ca n't take a shower with that thing in there . ''
she had a bit of a headache , and her tummy was uncomfortably full , but she was relaxed for the first time in years , thanks to the wine , and she was feeling a little less like a freak with so many of her kind around , yet had to sleep in that blasted thing .
the only thing she 'd donned under the robe .
without the real thing , elvi had found herself suffering - or enjoying , depending on how you looked at it - some pretty erotic dreams .
we - ` ` she paused suddenly , alarm on her face , and then cried , ` ` i do n't have a thing that will fit me anymore ! ''
the truth was that he 'd shut the damned thing off once he 'd realized he was attracted to elvi .
` ` the water 's boiling , but i was n't sure if i should pour it in that thing you set up or wait for you to come back in first .
the woman might be over a century old , but she had the body of a sweet young thing and the tightest little behind he 'd ever seen .
his clothes were n't the only thing now gone , her t - shirt was , too , leaving nothing to prevent his mouth closing over the nipple of the breast he 'd been fondling .
` ` this , '' interrupted trey , ` ` is the most messed - up thing i ' ve ever seen .
the whole thing was a soft shade of lemon yellow , which i thought would score me points with this group since everyone accused me of not wearing colors .
that thing 's like 99 percent sugar .
the garage 's interior , i was relieved to see , was the first thing here that looked like it had some semblance of legitimacy .
or i could simply leave it on ms . terwilliger 's desk first thing in the morning .
if you can believe there are four servings in that tiny thing . ''
women fell for that kind of thing .
` ` i just hope that thing does n't breathe fire .
adrian drove me back to the dorm and kissed me goodbye , promising to call me first thing in the morning .
mind you , while her breakfast had seemed bland and boring that morning , the same thing smelled damned good now and she actually was feeling a bit hungry , she acknowledged , eyeing the forkful of food .
` ` wow , she dropped right off to sleep , poor thing , '' sharon whispered with amusement .
they had headed to grand bend first thing that morning .
` ` damn thing . ''
when he came back to the cart , he extended a hidden panel out at the foot of it so the thing be  came like a stretcher .
the candle , with its heavy silver holder , was the only thing .
the thing was as thick as her wrist and she guessed that it was locked onto his ankle .
that thing was on there for a reason .
or at least where she thought the damn thing was .
with that , he went over for the tray , which had arrived in that bread box thing by the door .
if she used the lift , that thing was going to send a signal .
the thing was like what you 'd expect to run across in a cas  tle 's dungeon , all studded with iron supports and with a slid  ing bar lock as thick as her thigh .
` ` we ' ve got to get that thing off of you . ''
walking calmly , he went over to where the chain around his ankle was anchored to the wall and pulled the goddamn thing out with a vicious yank .
searched for the thing .
when it refused to budge , he took two steps back , punched his foot flat into the thing and busted it wide .
though mick was a big guy , the only thing that fit her man even remotely was a pair of flannel pajama bot  toms and a button - down shirt - and even still , it was all tight and showed a lot of ankle and wrist .
i ca n't wake the damn thing up .
` ` i was a thing to al , something to teach to showcase his talents , and when quen stirred my passions after a particularly trying engagement with trent , i realized i wanted more than his gentle words . ''
the thing was only a foot tall .
i have to get rid of this thing , i thought , gently rubbing the raised scar .
i glanced at the empty hall , things starting to fall into place .
tink 's titties , i never see the thing move .
i harbored a guilty thought that the thing was beautiful , its crystalline lines of the symbols etched into its surface showing a sharp diamond clarity against the wine - colored depths of the glass reflecting reality in deep shades of maroon .
the clock above the sink ticked , and i listened to the ugly thing while i scrolled through my short list for david 's number .
the thing was three feet by five and took up the entire wall behind him , lettered in red and outlined in black .
demon magic aside , i had created it , and that made it the most everlastingly cool thing i had ever seen .
the iv was the only thing hooked up to him , and i appreciated the lack of the obnoxious beeping of a heart monitor .
it was one of those old ones you set atop the stove , and it was the only thing my dad had drunk coffee from .
` ` i find out who 's summoning al , '' i said as i turned and tried to get the stupid thing open .
in it was my splat - ball gun with a dozen sleepy - time paint balls , three warmth amulets from marshal , a scent charm from david i 'd loaned him a while back , a small bag of salt , a piece of magnetic chalk , and a couple of other things from my dad 's old stash of ley line stuff .
damn , the thing was beautiful out here in the gloomy light , the wine - colored glass etched with crystalline lines in the shape of the calling pentagram with all its little figures and symbols .
if there is a pretty sparkly thing on the ground , leave it alone !
could he turn his nausea thing off when he wanted ?
he propped her gently in the chair and retrieved from the pine cabinet several things not necessary for a manicure .
he pulled his attention away from the thing she was treating as jewelry and he was viewing as a potential torture device .
at least to himself , he was forced to admit the thing imprisoning his cock made him hard mainly because she 'd wanted to put it on him .
people think the old man was crazy , because when he woke up he started raving about ` ` eyes in the dark '' and oak trees and things .
` ` damn thing must be attached somehow , '' said tyler angrily , turning away .
` ` or you could go into the boys ' locker room and be in charge of coffee and things for the workers , '' she finished tiredly .
` ` it 's the kind of thing quinn liked .
and if i ever saw damon again , the only thing he would guide me toward was a newly sharpened stake .
fanny wanted blue muslin for her trousseau , but her engagement did n't work out , poor thing ... . '' the door to the kitchen opened , and damon stepped through .
` ` is that the sort of thing young men prance around town in these days ? ''
a wedding - night execution would be just the thing !
oh god , that twisted thing was alyssa .
that thing was michael , right ?
you know , i thought you were a mousy little thing when i first saw you , claire , but you re not , are you ?
eve herself had put on a black corset thing , a tattered black skirt , and a necklace of skulls with matching earrings .
the top was a black net thing , stretchy and tight , see - through with a black skull and crossbones printed on it .
you wear it over a camisole , genius , eve said , and tossed a black silky thing to her .
i thought they tore that thing down .
` ` whatever this thing is , it 's strong , '' she said .
` ` not in a snake , '' i said , ` ` but there 's no telling with this thing . ''
` ` i 'll leave first thing in - the morning . ''
he managed to hold on to the squirming thing , only because it was too young to be strong , and the mouth too tiny to do any damage .
told me i had to be there on time , you bossy thing .
poor thing feels like she 's starving . ` `
a simple and delicate thing with a sapphire center stone .
but when we rise at sunset , i have to meet with the council first thing .
after that , i expect you to strip off every- thing and go to the resort area , passing your time there until i join you . ` `
` ` lawrence , you 're such a crude thing , ` ` the woman chuckled .
jacob was likely to get gutted by the mace while his hands were occupied in lifting the thing for a swing .
brave , sweet thing .
first thing in the morning he would deliver canvas and writing stones .
` ` valerian , you gorgeous thing !
` ` a little peninsula thing with rocks on it , '' lewis said promptly with a grin at lydia .
a crude thing it was , without documentation .
this thing , whatever it was , it was almost a sound .
stranger still to see the thing itself with the letter a carved on it , and inside the tiny vial of armand 's blood .
under the lamp , he 'd examined the a and the intricate carvings all over the thing to find they were tiny twisted human figures , some mutilated , others writhing as if in agony , some dead .
think of that thing flashing its digits inside a coffin during the day .
translucent as a thing made of crystal with the blood surging through its tiny compartments ?
could mael have sent her this precious and lovely thing ?
but the droning noise of the thing bothered her .
she 'd turn the damn thing off .
on and on she moved the heavy thing until quite suddenly in the middle bedroom she found what she 'd been seeking - a hand - painted mural on a bare plaster wall .
yet it was ringing , she could hear it , and it was no auditory hallucination , the thing was giving one shrill pulse after another !
he was back again in the moment , with this ossified thing that was his body .
a violent shudder went through me as i touched the sword ; it was as if the thing held some latent memory of what it had witnessed ; i saw the wolves again ; i saw myself standing in the blackened frozen forest ready to kill .
but it did not occur to us to use such a thing , as words had a great power and we would not have dared to write our names , or curses or truths that we knew .
imagine , mekare said , the wick of a lamp , but a tiny thing within a flame .
` ` it was a more lavish place even than the great hall of the palace ; it was stuffed to overflowing with fine things , with a couch made of carved leopards , and a bed hung with sheer silk ; and with polished mirrors of seemingly magical perfection .
it had been her mother 's necklace , and lay on her mother 's body in the tomb near uruk , and of course amel , being only a spirit , could n't guess how bizarre and distasteful it could be to bring this thing here .
except for those who were faintly jealous and demanded to know what this blood tasted like , and why he liked such a thing so much .
a rough thing thrown over the body like a peasant poncho , with a torn opening for the head .
and then one of the women , a tentative slender thing with a beautiful long neck , moved forward with beguiling natural grace , and began to turn on the many lamps .
the strap broke and the thing fell off my wrist onto the floor .
ye gods , i ' m a flawed thing , a weak thing , a thing no better than most of the men who ' ve ever lived .
` ` there are so many things , so many places , '' he said , ` ` that i want to show you !
how had the thing been transferred exactly ?
what a finely made thing he was .
while this was usual y a good thing , if there was one thing stefan knew about - even if it was the only thing he knew - it was taking blood .
they both got up and went farther into the building until celia stopped beside two large urns on pedestals with a hideous thing in between them .
` ` i ' m sure you ' ve al been wondering about this , '' she said , producing the staff thing from thin air , as far as elena could see .
she was n't exactly pretty , but she looked honest and straightforward , which made her the prettiest thing in the room .
she pul ed a thin card from the sheaf , which was not a post - it note but the same amulet on a smal rather flimsy note card , and slapped it on the maggot - like thing .
meredith dropped the fat , translucent , black thing , which exploded on impact .
` ` it stillhas power , '' the old lady explained as meredith took the thing in two shaking hands , as if receiving a holy object .
it 's not just a thing !
why should bonnie have the same thought as he had : that the thing was like a huge , crooked , shaggy arm ?
even if they all worked together , they could n't move that thing .
he would call the police about it first thing tomorrow .
they 'd get the right people out there to move that thing .
he then proceeded to upper arms , her forearms , her hands , taking her apart with ancient strokes and the correct ancient essences to go with them , until she was nothing but a loose , boneless thing under the sheet : sleek and soft and yielding .
i know that the thing they put inside you is the one saying it . ''
this slick , slimy , man - shaped thing retained its shape as she slowly pulled it through the breach in damon 's skin .
he lived cramped inside that hideous thing , and he wanted it that way .
since she had no idea how to give them any of these things , she watched them dash off with treasures such as her juicy fruit gum , her comb , her minibrush , her lip gloss , her water bottle , and her earrings .
otherwise , if their party was scrutinized ... if someone realized that they were here to release stefan ... if elena was the one who caused the order to come : ` ` move him into stricter security - get rid of that silly kitsune - key thing ... . '' her mind was ablaze with images of ways that stefan could be punished , could be taken away , could be lost if this incident in the slums took on undue proportions .
` ` well , the thing that looks like a coliseum is a coliseum . ''
she had to know that this metallic - feeling thing that she 'd picked out of bloddeuwedd 's nest was n't some bit of filthy rubbish .
the whole thing , erased .
a pretty thing , with an edge like a razor , she thought .
it was the kind of thing that aunt tabby would bring back from a garage sale and uncle drac would sigh and ask why on earth did we need more garbage .
i read all that sort of thing .
a locket , i said , a locket with a picture of claudia , you have seen such a thing ?
but for whom had such a thing been made and why did i see it in my dreams claudia would not have carried her own image with her in a locket .
the switch was the thing !
i closed my eyes , exerted pressure very inexactly and perhaps too forcefully , and a great arc of stinking urine shot out from the thing , missing the toilet bowl altogether and splashing on the white seat .
and then what will i do pick up a kitchen knife - for the place has such things , though god knows i never had need of a kitchen - and slit my mortal throat no .
barbarous little thing , i said .
we could destroy that thing , you know .
and the lobster claw , a monstrous and waxen thing ; and the ginger lilies , oh , you must see them .
but the oldest of all the dolls , who had seen , being kept for show , generations of his sort , out - screams the whole shelf : although there 's not a man can report evil of this place , the man and the woman bring hither , to our disgrace , a noisy and filthy thing .
why on earth would he want to steal such a thing but i ' m drifting off the point .
` ` why would you offer such a thing ? ''
several of the creatures already waited in front of her , and her eyes widened as she spotted the long , winding ... thing in front of them .
though she was tall and leanly muscled in the way of the amazons , she was a tiny thing compared to his massive size .
and there was only one thing nola could think to give the warrioress .
it looked like something knitted as a present by a colour - blind aunt , the sort of thing you wouldn '' t dare throw away in case the rubbish collectors laughed at you and kicked your bins over .
it '' s a copper thing .
my friend dave who runs the stamp shop says there '' s this story about a dwarf , right , who turned up in this town near koom valley , more '' n two weeks after the battle , an '' he was all injured ` ` cos he '' d been ambushed by trolls , an '' starvin , right , an '' no one knew much dwarfish but it was like he wanted them to follow him and he kept sayin '' this word over and over again which turned out , right , to be dwarfish for ` ` treasure '' ; right , only when they followed him back to the valley , right , he died on the way an '' they never found nothin , an '' then this artist bloke found some ... thing in koom valley and hid the place where he '' d found it in this painting , but it drove him bananas .
that '' s why i have to call him insert nam- '' ` ` i thought you '' d got rid of that thing , sir , '' said angua as vimes snapped the lid shut .
vimes replied , and plunged the thing back into his pocket .
maybe the damned thing could be useful after all .
all detritus needed to do was fire that thing in this direction and quite a lot of the organized crime in the city would suddenly be very disorganized , as would be vimes if he didn '' t hit the floor in time .
the whole thing stinks !
on this day in 1802 the painter methodia rascal tried putting the thing under a heap of old sacks , in case it woke up the chicken , and finished the last troll , using his smallest brush to paint the eyeballs .
now , fair '' s fair , he '' d been in the army and watch and you couldn '' t spend all that time in uniform without seeing a thing or two - or three , now he came to recollect - and it was true , as nobby had pointed out , that the ballerinas down at the opera house didn '' t leave a lot to the imagination , at least not to nobby '' s , but when all was said and done ballet had to be art even though it was a bit short on plinths and urns , on account of being expensive to look at , and moreover ballerinas didn '' t whizz around upside down .
his lichen was cheap and matted , not the real thing at all , probably the stuff they made up out of broccoli stalks in the back alleys of quarry lane .
` ` every so often everyone had to stop work and the foreign dwarfs listened at the walls with a big , er , thing , like an ear trumpet .
but that sort of thing was wasted on detritus .
i '' m sorry to say that they came upon me when i was leaving the ice store and i was forced to defend myself with the first thing that came to hand . ''
i think when they '' re first found they mostly have natural noises , like moving water or birdsong or rocks moving , that sort of thing .
all right , then it might have been this talking cube thing , vimes thought .
he survived the battle , hid out somewhere , and he '' s got this thing and it '' s important .
tell him commander vimes presents his compliments and will indeed be leaving first thing in the morning . ''
vimes , i know you must be aware that the symbol is not the thing itself , '' said the patrician .
` ` and then i got the damn thing here ? ''
: nobby '' s face glazed and his lips moved soundlessly in an agony of creation , '' ... an , an '' i was bravely fightin '' when what did i see but a sparkly thing rollin '' and bein '' kicked about , an '' i thought , i jus '' bet that '' s the very same sparkly thing mister vimes very specific '' ly told me to be lookin '' out for ... an '' here it is , all safe .
: nobby '' s face glazed and his lips moved soundlessly in an agony of creation , '' ... an , an '' i was bravely fightin '' when what did i see but a sparkly thing rollin '' and bein '' kicked about , an '' i thought , i jus '' bet that '' s the very same sparkly thing mister vimes very specific '' ly told me to be lookin '' out for ... an '' here it is , all safe .
` ` but this thing damn well gabbled .
on this day in 1802 , the painter methodia rascal dropped the glittering thing in the deepest well he knew .
he took the thing , which looked very like two cubes , each about six inches on a side , joined together on one face , like a pair of dice joined at the sixes .
the poor thing had inherited her mother 's complexion and curly hair .
you know , he married me when i was but a poor and pretty young thing .
you are an adorably smart thing , are n't you ? ''
taking the hideous thing in hand , he made room upon the counter .
terribly undignified , of course , but as yet the infant - inconvenience had shown very little interest in the proper use of utensils , her attitude seeming to be that fingers had come first in her life , so why mess with a good thing ?
of course , her main reason for staying was that prudence seemed equally content to sit , mutilating the menu pamphlet , and there was no point in messing with a good thing .
prudence showed this particular toy such favor as to make it entirely necessary to pack the thing for any trip - let alone one of several weeks - despite its bulky size .
` ` how could he have known to send such a thing ?
` ` ca n't seem to catch the darn thing . ''
` ` she 'll be cast adrift , poor thing .
it was a thing straight out of one of madame lefoux 's sketches .
the awful thing fell away , exposing the vampire 's face fully to prudence 's metanatural touch .
we 'll get you accustomed to this one first , move up to a rock that 's a third your weight , then try you on the real thing for a short time , to give you a taste of how it feels . ''
the damned thing was drying and attaching itself to her as it did .
` ` do you have pictures of your friends on that thing ? ''
` ` you mean that big black thing by the elevators ? ''
in the drawing , the christmas tree looked almost as enormous as it was in real life , reaching from floor to ceiling of the foyer.the whole thing was so elaborately decorated that it looked covered in a delicate spiderweb of sparkling ornaments .
` ` meaning i can still fight in this thing ... '' she said looking at it .
` ` what else does this thing monitor ? ''
he ripped open a needle from a sealed plastic bag and assembled the thing .
cassie bent over to watch the flame dance , wondering how they lit the thing in the first place .
when celticad finished , he said , ` ` over , '' and clicked the thing off , tossing it to the ground on top of the dead vampires .
he paused seeing the shock in her eyes , ` ` oh , you poor thing .
the only slender thing on her entire body is her neck .
it was difficult to move in this thing without tripping , and she was certain that will had noticed .
the thought of desiring such a thing was repulsive .
with her luck , she 'd get the stupid thing , the ice would melt , and she 'd find out that some extinct animal chewed off the bark centuries ago .
the only thing within her reach was a ski pole .
blood was the only thing she had that could heal him .
in fact they were so sharp and pointy that they looked like the real thing -- the biting kind .
there was no sign that the damned thing was even working .
i kept looking away , breathing slowly through my nose , focusing on the thing that was in front of me , which was a magazine with katie holmes on the cover .
i crouched over and lying by a bush was a hammer , and next to the hammer was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
she gathered things off the coffee table and took them to the kitchen .
' throw the damn thing down a volcano , i pleaded , ' or toss it in the deepest sea .
if he wanted to , being breed , he could tear the thing loose with a flex of his wrist .
if she had her way , she 'd burn the damn thing down to cinders .
every thing had turned inside out .
you do n't owe me a thing , nikolai . ''
it took nearly all his effort to move his hand up to grab the damned thing .
twice more and finally she had enough room to jimmy the thing free .
that was another sort of modern thing he did , the matter of the painters , maybe the only modern thing other than liking things made of glass .
i wished we could buy this thing and take it back home .
ursula brought up a rose - colored napkin from the fold of her long high - waisted french gown , a pale pink tissue of a thing stitched on the edges with green leaves and pink flowers , and on this she wiped her lovely red tears and looked at me , as if she were crushed with longing .
only , how could i wield such a thing ?
she stood just above me , tender , loving thing that she was , with her eyes so full of the starlight now , so glinting and quiet and unjudging .
` ` but take my gift , father , please , the only clean thing which i can give , my testimony that i saw the angels , and that they upheld me when i was weak . ''
it was the only thing in my arsenal that would drop a dead vampire .
the thing was big enough for a gurney .
the thing had saved my life a couple of times , and tom had a vested interest in seeing me gone .
the thing was all glitter and gold , but jenks went well with it , standing on the painted sticks that looped in and around .
it was a great idea , and i dropped the crystal into my coat pocket , deeming i 'd held the squirmy thing long enough .
stuffed animals were her thing .
i 'd thought a hot shower would be just the thing , but the activity turned into an exercise in learning how fast i could move .
god , the thing was the size of a credit card .
just let us buy this one thing , and i 'll never come back .
the thing probably weighed more than the van and the suv put together and would take an atomic bomb to kill .
it was the only clean thing i had .
` ` he was making little blue butterflies out of snow , and this was the only thing that survived . ''
` ` tink 's a disney whore , that is the creepiest thing i ' ve seen since bis got stuck in the downspout , '' he said softly , his wings a soft hum in the dark .
the faint tingling of rex 's bell caught my interest , and i looked at the pretty thing before letting her slip to the floor .
` ` it 's okay , '' i said as i wrestled the thing flat .
oh , that rock thing .
` ` what is the appeal of that cursed thing ? ''
her seat belt was the only thing keeping her in place .
that giant metal thing , tons of steel , was going to hit about a hundred and ten pounds of human flesh .
it was the only thing that marred the picture ; it was gory and shocking .
the whole thing looked ready to cave in at any moment .
it was the only thing wide enough to cover everything .
` ` when humans are confronted with death , they buy flowers and cook things .
i knew how to change the oil , do a battery jump , that sort of thing .
` ` so what you 're saying is we need to be in a place where it 's okay to break things . ''
she 's been selling this house like her life depends on it , poor thing .
honestly , if this thing is going to break , first , i ' m not going that far .
obviously , the only thing separating us from the hallway is that ugly curtain that anyone can pull back when they feel like it .
a pencil , crayon - looking thing , and liquid .
it is the kind of thing that makes her blush .
the only thing that could make it better is in my room .
and she 's off , going on about garotting and this thing that 's called the spanish tickler which probably would n't make you laugh .
` ` what is that blinking thing ? ''
i ' ve come to think of my two secrets as thing one and thing two .
the buttons were tiny , but i clicked a few of them to find how to navigate the thing .
i ' m going to kill tex for convincing me to wear this thing .
the only thing on my night stand is the swiss army knife i 'd gotten out to protect myself that second time i went to see him .
he takes his tray and throws the whole thing in the trash , even the silverware that we 're supposed to put on a conveyor belt to be washed and re - used , hunches his shoulders and walks outside .
the human body was a fragile thing .
that hideous thing had saved his life .
man , this thing was really awesome .
he lived in a house that was probably cheaper than the tires on this thing .
one he 'd fix first thing tomorrow when he went to school .
ian picked up the only thing he could reach .
i ' m still making payments on this thing and it 's hard to get the smell of vomit out of the upholstery . ''
` ` by the way , you might want to keep that thing in the sling for a while yet .
the only thing nick gautier could see flashing was kyrian hunter 's vampire fangs .
i know you hated my job , but it was the only thing i could find that paid above minimum wage for someone with no skills or real job experience .
yeah , this thing had a lot of uses .
why did he even use this worthless thing ?
wow , it was the coolest thing he 'd ever seen .
he barely had time to duck in the thing 's grasp before caleb in full demon gear attacked it .
and the mirror devus thing even warned him not to lose the girl 's heart .
the stupid thing had lied .
another thing his mother insisted he wear because she had this mistaken belief it looked respectable and ... brace yourself ...
at least that was probably the last time that thing she wore for a dress was in fashion .
he had that poor old thing a nervous wreck until the day the lord took her .
next thing you know , his daddy 's 410 , of all things , falls out and misfires .
` ` markus jethro fingerman , you put that thing down .
` ` she gave her apology first thing this morning , and then they took her to jail for all the stuff she did . ''
` ` i ' m going to install it first thing .
it 's the cutest thing ever !
he was also the closest thing to a father nick had ever known .
` ` it 's the only thing we can use that will get my mom to cooperate , '' he explained .
they would get this thing off him ... .
` ` do n't touch that thing .
that thing alone looked like something out of an alien movie .
right down to the green shutters and dark shelving that held voodoo dolls , spells , oils , perfumes , soaps , wangas , and all manner of things .
karma sprinkled some kind of herb thing over him before she swept the incense toward him with a large handmade feathered fan .
that was my most hard - won lesson and it 's the only thing i ' m giving to you for free , boy . ''
i was for tearing it out , but the truth is i ' m not very handy and i could n't get the thing loose without damaging my car .
and really this was the same as saying to you in english , this thing is two thousand years old .
' will you let me read that damned thing ? '
i had never used this thing here .
i picked up the little thing and held it close to look at it .
and what seemed real was the image of the cauldron filled with boiling liquid and the unspeakable , unimaginable idea of being cast into such a thing .
he looked at the thing for a long moment and then away .
and she the young queen with the dark shining hair and the painted coat came up the steps to the landing , her face innocent and bright as she reached for a long black scarf , a beaded scarf , a lovely twinkling thing , and caught it in her fingers , dangling from the hook , a scarf full of dark stitched flowers and shimmering embroidered designs , lovely , as if meant for her .
you said that this man had given this thing to your father in payment of a debt . ''
you said it was like the old scrolls , this thing .
` ` it 's a cursed thing you speak of , '' he said .
he stared down at this thing , this treasure , and he turned to lay it before the old man like an infant .
he laid his hand suddenly right on the wood , and opened his fingers , in love with this thing .
` ` no , you want this thing !
he carefully unrolled the vellum , moving his hands to the left and to the right , so that he had the full writing before him , and then he began to speak , translating the words in english carefully for his grandson to hear : ` ` ' return this thing to the hebrews for it is their magic and only they can put it deep into hell where it belongs .
` ` well , who the hell would dare pull a thing like this in your own ... '' ` ` quiet ! ''
` ` gregory , this is a holograph , this thing .
we 'd talk , it would be brief , and then i 'd forget to recharge the little thing .
she was a zombie thing , and she could n't even talk and her heart was n't beating , but she was n't dead . ''
you saw me spring loose at that moment and you saw me embrace with all my power the ludicrous figure of a straw man , a scarecrow , a thing of ridicule in a beggar 's coat and pants , with an eyeless head and fingerless hands , and you saw me weep in that form , weep and mourn for the great cassiodorus ! ''
` ` in time , '' he said with a sigh , ` ` i found a woman in a lowly hut , a cunning woman , a healer , such a thing as men call a witch and a hag .
a splendid thing with rich knobby posts , and they loved lying together in it .
fareed stared at the model he had made of the thing in burning color on the giant monitor .
suddenly he dropped the thing , dropped it into the dirt , and he was down on his hands and knees , and benedict 's boot came down right in front of him , and he saw the machete come flashing down and slice into the shining copper hair , slice through it , slice into the skull , and the blood bubbled up crimson and glittering .
they were designed to hold things tara would need when she was changing the babies , and on the higher shelves would be the knickknacks people had given her : a china baby shoe with a plant in it , a cute picture frame with a photo of the twins , their baby books .
the thing had survived the flame cast , and in other circumstances , broahm would have been glad to get his money 's worth .
as it was , the wizard sort of wished the thing had gone down a bit easier .
maybe the thing had a limited life span .
the second thing was a small bookcase , followed by a double handful of books .
she could only show them the broken , fragile thing they all thought her to be .
` ` clever thing , are n't you ? ''
the feckin ' thing was enchanted .
the poor thing must have starved to death .
the sweat on his skin did n't help him grip the thing .
` ` so that thing i saw through the portal , was that the city of eternity ?
` ` because whoever set that thing up might come back and try again ? ''
nobody deliberately set that thing off .
maybe i should have photocopied the relevant pages after all and made tom take the nasty thing away .
` ` a truck with a business logo on it , contractors , deliveries - ` ` ` ` right , it 's got to blend in , but not the sort of thing you 'd drive for private stuff . ''
` ` someone ought to reset that thing .
it might ' ve not been the real thing , but it was as close as you could get .
` ` what should i do with this thing ? ''
so when he told me he 'd give me two hundred dollars if i just put a little transmitter thing inside an old camera in your store , i said i would .
` ` i got no idea how the damn thing got in here . ''
olivia looked at her watch , a slim silver thing that looked expensive to manfred 's uneducated eyes .
` ` and i did n't pick up a damn thing .
a living skeleton , the kind of thing nightmares were made of .
the only thing that was the same was her opal ring .
a cute little thing with thick glasses , skin covered in freckles , and braces .
sweat poured from him , causing his boxers , the only thing he wore , to stick to his thighs .
if she were guessing , though , she would say it was the same thing victoria had traced on the tabletop in the cafeteria .
i do n't want to be king , he thought , but he reluctantly pinched the band between two fingers and slid the thing in place .
until she reached up and pushed the material from her shoulders , and the thing whooshed to the floor , pooling at her feet .
` ` the draining thing , it probably switched on during your first encounter with the otherworld . ''
i did n't realize how big that thing really was . ''
not just a pretty decoration , but a ward , a spell inked into her skin to protect her against death , and the only thing that had saved her life as she 'd poured most of her blood down his throat that first time .
in fact , she 'd had to borrow the stupid , constrictive thing from a human blood - slave .
get in this thing .
only thing he found that would come close to fitting was a pair of shorts that had the word princess stamped across the ass in glittery pink .
he frisked the thing until he found the door handle .
he 'd had the thing refilled , so there was plenty of je la nune inside .
he claimed the thing with a relieved , ` ` thank you . ''
just a few things - a book , sunglasses , and a little cash in case i needed to go all the way to riverton , which was the closest thing to human civilization in the area .
evernight academy did n't have anything as ordinary as a normal yellow school bus ; this was a small luxury shuttle , the kind of thing a swanky hotel might operate , which had probably been rented for the occasion .
` ` it 's going to cut into your action if you have to lug that thing around with you . ''
the only thing i 'd ever bought that cost more than two hundred dollars was my telescope , and my parents had chipped in for that .
first thing in the morning - no , he has an exam first thing .
i laid one shaking hand on the nearest thing i could use to steady myself , a chair slipcovered in threadbare velvet .
` ` the only thing i brought was a flashlight . ''
` ` this thing is pretty old - fashioned . ''
what i could n't do was lug that thing all the way to amherst .
maybe it 's just a thing .
` ` let 's hope the damn thing is gone already , '' dad said , which was n't exactly an answer .
` ` you know how to steer this thing ? ''
i would love to try driving that thing . ''
though it felt incredibly strange to hold such a thing in my hand , i took it .
` ` i require some of my things and wanted to ensure that you had n't failed to water the violets . ''
the pajamas i 'd escaped in had been ruined in the fire ; the only thing i wore that belonged to me was the obsidian pendant i 'd gotten from my parents that hung around my neck at all times , even when i was in the shower .
` ` turn that thing off , would you ? ''
i did n't know what kind of thing you might want , so i figured this was kind of like the brooch . ''
breathing hard , he said , ` ` tell me they left the keys in this thing . ''
all of us can use things and places like that .
balthazar broke the wretched silence by turning on the radio , classic jazz , the kind of thing my dad used to listen to around the house .
the only thing i wore now was the coral bracelet that would keep me solid , make this possible .
you ca n't afford to lose this thing , and your brooch is already in my bag . ''
it was the ugliest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` any ideas what i should do with this thing ?
` ` what are we going to do with that thing ? ''
i said , ` ` that thing - ` ` ` ` thing again ! ''
i said , ` ` that thing - ` ` ` ` thing again ! ''
` ` your blood is the only thing i ' ve ever heard of that would allow a vampire to truly feel alive again without surrendering our powers . ''
if she said the thing was going to self - destruct , then that 's exactly what it was going to do .
he emptied the thing and burped loudly before he addressed me .
i watched him hail a cab with lightning speed , the yellow thing disappearing down the street .
` ` or the resident vampire , '' i muttered under my breath before taking my fresh manicure to the thing .
he could plunge the thing in with all his might and nothing would happen .
you really could poke an eye out with that thing .
i tossed the thighmaster out of the closet before i tripped over the thing .
` ` what 's that thing doing in here anyway ?
i shot bliss with my stun gun and reached for the last thing i had - mace - for all the good it would do us .
plugged sink , that kind of thing .
the damned thing would n't let go .
there was no way in hell i was touching that ... thing .
` ` how dare ... '' eyelashes dripping , mouth agape , rachel grabbed the first thing she touched - a potted plant - and threw it .
i think a girls night out would be just the thing .
` ` do you mind stopping at my place so i can drop off my things and freshen up a bit before we go ? ''
this is n't the only thing i took - just the most obvious .
the thing was devoid of all light .
the girl might have been the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
i goofed with the thing for a few seconds , until i finally knocked back a bolt , thus arming the contraption .
` ` so you really think this thing was a vampire ? ''
soil wafted up strongly from the whole thing .
` ` are you telling me that you think someone was buried alive in that thing ? ''
i knew those death - screams had alerted whoever was below , and they could move a hell of a lot faster than this rickety old thing .
next to roxi , it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted .
then he took out his watch , a great , old - fashioned german silver thing as big as a turnip , and looked at it , with his eyebrows gathered together and a little impatient shrug of his shoulders .
impelled by some sort of fascination , i approached the sepulchre to see what it was , and why such a thing stood alone in such a place .
` ` i ' ve always wondered what the hell was in that thing . ''
the thing broke ages ago .
why let me get turned into ... this thing ? ''
he said , ` ` well , it is kind of fun not knowing what 's in this thing .
` ` if i had known that my immortality would be the only thing that would save my child , yes , i would have begged you to allow me to be attacked .
so hard that the whole damn thing collapsed forward , including some of the door frame .
unlike the crude , medieval weapon the name evoked , this thing was fairly high - tech : laser scoped , fiberglass , molded grips and pistol - like triggers .
it 's hard to miss that thing . ''
whoever had created this thing that i sometimes turn into had done a bang - up job .
i hated that sign , and thank god they shut the damn thing off at closing time .
my first instinct was to turn the damn thing off and fling it over the balcony railing like i had with the donuts .
a multitude of pins and bolts and screws were holding the whole thing together .
i learned my lesson with that damned thing .
i closed the styrofoam container , taped it shut , and placed the whole thing in a small cardboard box .
standing there in the corner of my room , the thing looked like a long - forgotten hollywood movie prop .
or maybe because this thing smells like the walking dead .
how is that you can turn into this thing ? ''
my god , how did he walk around with that thing ?
it 's not an easy thing to test , unless you want to draw attention to yourself .
i picked up my pace , moving rapidly now along the narrow catwalk , my weight causing the whole damn thing to shudder .
jesus , what the hell was that thing ?
the ego , the fore - mind , that thing with which we use to calculate and imagine and worry and ponder , did n't like to be bypassed .
` ` good work , and what 's this nook thing you 're talking about ? ''
russell baker was a professional boxer and about the sexiest thing i 'd ever come across .
i nearly wretched ... knowing where that thing had just been .
yeah , i 'd snapped the thing clean off .
you created the damn thing . ''
a coffee mug was warming in an electric coaster that might have been the coolest thing i 'd ever seen .
okay , i get that their lives revolve around the damn thing , but did they also need to collect moon crap , too ?
poor thing ...
he carried the thing everywhere .
` ` you already said the only thing in there was a sarcophagus- '' ` ` i said that 's all i could see from up here .
the jagged , ugly thing did n't belong on this mountain .
` ` if i was the church and i had an ancient document written by jesus christ , i 'd be waving that thing around for all to see .
` ` thank god , for once , i do n't see a single thing that looks older than the united states . ''
it was the softest thing he 'd ever felt .
it was a tattered thing , sewn from leather , long gone hard , with one eye missing .
judas pictured the ghostly white of its feathers in the night , the only thing moving on that dark street .
the first thing that comes into view is a hand , but it 's not a human hand .
` ` what was that other thing you grabbed ? ''
i scan the top of the wall as i move and then head towards a rounder man holding a weird glasses looking thing to his eyes that supposedly helps humans have vision like vampires , although i ' m skeptical .
` ` especially considering you have that on you and i know firsthand just how powerful that thing is . ''
` ` this thing uses a lot of power .
` ` so i can get inside this thing and fix the vision and hopefully all this other stuff that 's gotten out of place will be fixed too . ''
` ` hell , sneaking into the city of crystal is risky enough not to mention stealing some of the power , bringing it back - which i might add we do n't know how to do - and then you ' ve got to figure out how to use the power to get inside that thing . ''
` ` you put that thing on ? ''
but first , i had to deal with its friends , who i mentally christened thing 2 and thing 3 .
or maybe i ' m supposed to pretend like if we do n't find a way to get that thing out of you , you wo n't die , or that i totally wo n't care at all if you do ? ''
` ` then why , pray tell , did n't you just leave that thing in me ? ''
` ` it 's this thing , '' she said , which was , quite frankly , less than illuminating .
it 's this thing , skylar had said .
and then , my skin tingling with unnatural charge , i felt the thing inside of zev 's .
i 'd almost forgotten that his cell phone had n't been the only thing i 'd taken away from my little recon trip .
` ` that thing from the skating rink , '' i said .
he slid a mojito over to bria , then poured some clear liquid over ice , adorned it with a fat wedge of lime , placed the glass on a white napkin , and carefully handed the whole thing to gin before bowing his head and backing away from her .
his eyes dropped to the glass of gin on the table , the one that i 'd ordered , the same thing that i 'd been drinking all night long .
what single thing i could make to get her to forgive me .
of course , i did n't actually have the spider rune medallion anymore , but if i wanted to see the damn thing , all i had to do was look at the scars on my palms .
as a finishing touch , i sprinkled some cinnamon on top of the whole thing , then topped it with another slice of bread .
ca n't put a damn thing in the pockets of this miniskirt . ''
i wondered if she 'd worn the same thing when she 'd murdered fletcher .
you could n't even peel potatoes with that thing . ''
the whole thing reminded me of a pincushion someone had haphazardly stuck a variety of implements into , with no thought for whether they actually belonged together or not .
the picture was the only nice thing in the folder .
i took the whole thing into the den and set it on the coffee table .
it 's an old - timey country store with glass soda pop bottles , barrels full of penny candy , locally made goods , that kind of thing .
` ` i might not be the tin man , and i ' m definitely no fairy - tale hero , but i ' m the closest thing you 're going to get . ''
just before jake hit me , i got to my feet , grabbed my plate off the table , stepped forward , and slammed the whole thing into his face as hard as i could .
when it popped open , he stepped back long enough to yank the straps off my shoulders and drop the whole thing in the mud .
it was a tiny thing , but i 'd managed to stick one of my silverstone knives inside , along with the compact and tube of healing ointment jo - jo deveraux had provided a few days ago .
the only thing that kept him from burying his head between my boobs was the crinoline in my skirt .
the ceiling 's strong enough as it is , but if i start digging diamonds out of here , there 's a good chance the whole thing will collapse in , leaving a giant sinkhole right in the middle of his backyard - even bigger than the one that 's there right now . ''
the whole thing resembled a ragged doll 's house that had been constructed with leftover pieces .
the police will come knocking on my door first thing , if mab monroe does n't beat them to me .
that 's not the kind of thing that makes a man rest easier at night , especially when he 's in bed next to me and i ' ve got a knife tucked under my pillow and another one on top of the nightstand . ''
i pulled the fabric as tight as it would go , making bria grunt with pain , then tied the whole thing together with a neat bow .
the top of it had been cut off , and the girl had stuffed the whole thing with food .
a second later , the whole thing collapsed in a crashing cacophony of metal , dragging the trapped giant down with it .
but even among assassins , an orchid was a strange thing to use .
there 's no telling how much money mab could make off this thing , if she does it up right .
the bartender did n't owe me a thing for saving his daughter , not one damn thing .
the frozen thing ?
elektra screamed with fury then , threw herself on top of me , and unloaded on me with every single thing that she had .
the columns that supported the house only added to the effect , making the whole thing resemble a tiered cake .
` ` you have n't got a damn thing , '' i said , letting a mocking tone creep into my words .
as much as i liked cooking , seafood was n't really my thing .
giants , mostly , private bodyguards , that sort of thing . ''
i took a long swig from the bottle of water , then stuffed it and the matches back inside the pack and zipped up the whole thing .
` ` fighting among ourselves wo n't do a damn thing to help callie , and we all know it .
i could n't rip the thing off with my hands , any more than kincaid and eva could , and my knives would n't be any help either .
i started pulling things out of the cabinets , in the mood for something sweet , crispy , and crunchy , all at the same time .
fletcher put his arm around me , and we hurried across the lawn , going back to the kitchen with the rest of the staff under the pretense of getting our things and getting out of there .
once the shortening was melted , i cut the biscuit dough into rounds , coated both sides with the liquefied shortening , arranged them in the pan , and then slid the whole thing into the oven to bake .
i pulled a few things out of the bag , including some extra knives , and slid them into the pockets on my vest , before hiding the bag in a pile of leaves .
` ` is n't this dress just the most divine thing you ' ve ever seen ? ''
` ` keep talking , and this dress wo n't be the only thing in here with blood on it , sugar . ''
one by one , finn devoured every single thing on the tray .
frustration surged through me ; it was a sturdy , high - end lock , not the sort of thing i could finesse open with a couple of elemental ice picks .
` ` where is the stupid thing ? ''
it was the only thing clementine planned on taking with her .
when she finished reading , clementine rolled the paper up , slid it back into the tube , and stuffed the whole thing into her pants pocket .
i searched through clementine 's pockets for the one thing i wanted : mab 's will .
or a fake version they try to pass off as the real thing . ''
another thing that grimes had broken - and something else that he was going to pay for .
` ` she 's a clever thing .
you have n't earned a damn thing , especially not my fear . ''
i 'd bludgeon him to death with the thing if i had to .
the whole thing was covered with blood , mud , and grass stains , while jagged cuts crisscrossed the gray material , exposing the gleaming silverstone underneath .
finn in a perfect suit and tie , phillip wearing the same thing , the two of them looking as cool as icebox pies , despite the sweltering afternoon heat .
she slowly , carefully , quietly started pulling the petals off the flower , then the leaves , until she 'd stripped the whole thing bare .
this thing could still go sideways on us . ''
` ` now , sir , if you 'll step over to the patio doors with me , there 's something that i need to discuss with you ... '' meredith grabbed his arm and led him away , but i stayed where i was , looking at first one thing , then another .
seems she 's a bit starved for attention , poor thing .
` ` i always hated that thing , anyway .
it was the only thing standing between me and escape , and i was going to have to use my magic to blast it out of the way if i had any hope of warning finn and fletcher in time .
she went inside , and you collapsed the whole thing right on top of her head . ''
because i have got just the thing for you . ''
her face was neutral , but i got the feeling that she was analyzing every single thing in the restaurant , albeit in a different way from how the giant had .
i did n't know why there was an apple in the trash outside a gin joint , but it was the only thing i 'd been able to find today that was even remotely edible .
since it was midafternoon , the neon sign was dark , but when the crowds came out tonight , it would glow a bright red , then orange , then yellow , as though the pierced heart were a living , beating thing , pulsing in agony from the wound it had received .
the bridge was one of the most interesting structures in ashland , made of jagged pieces of gray river rock that had been fitted together , so that the whole thing resembled a life - size jigsaw puzzle .
coral unwrapped half of a barbecued beef sandwich , slapped it on a paper plate , and shoved the whole thing into a microwave that perched precariously on top of the fridge .
they wanted the real thing .
in fine bouda tradition , raphael somehow snuck away during the midnight games , broke into my apartment , and left me the thing .
` ` did you like the thing ? ''
i glanced up and saw the thing .
a six - foot - tall metal chandelier - like contraption made of thin brass wire , the thing stretched from the ceiling to the floor , rotating slowly .
if he knew i had lied about the thing , he would n't be wincing .
` ` that weird thing i have n't fucked before . ''
nose that looked like it had been broken and never healed right , an odd thing for any shapeshifter , and especially for one of curran 's caliber .
it had taken every ounce of my will not to jump into the pit and pull that thing off rodriguez 's neck .
that will teach me to have delicate diplomatic conversations first thing in the morning .
he swung it onto his shoulder , which proved to be a difficult feat - the thing was about four and a half feet long and two feet wide .
you had to rub the damn thing between your palms to warm it up or your face ended up feeling scraped with steel wool .
the damned thing was silver .
we followed jim through unicorn lane into the jungle , chased after the vimana until it landed - the damn thing lands every couple of hours , i guess to rest its propellers or something .
a huge thing hung suspended from the ceiling of andrea 's living room .
if that thing broke , my name would be more famous than mrs . o'leary 's cow .
at the same time , you notice that every time you see the damn thing , your elderly senile aunt disappears .
is the residual magic just incredibly strong on this thing ? ''
i was no expert , but i 'd guess this thing could have bent its elbows backward .
maybe after the flare cut out and tech reasserted its dominance for a few weeks , i 'd dig the minidisc out and watch the darn thing from start to finish .
if i was right , red had realized he was being tracked , and he handed that thing to julie knowing that the reeves would return to claim it .
` ` you put that damn thing in my hand and i gave it away .
this thing had to be at least five feet at the shoulder .
the beast lord took the object into his massive hand , glanced at it , and tossed the thing to me .
anything magic hits it and the damn thing will go screwy on you every time . ''
` ` i think i may have tried to force this thing too hard , '' i said .
the atmosphere is stuffy , the food is bad , and the only thing i can afford is a bowl of grits .
you wanted me to be that thing . ''
` ` would you shut that thing off ! ''
i had to get that cursed thing out of here before somebody saw me .
the damn thing was heavy .
come on , fit through , you ugly thing .
in the event of a law enforcement breach , a computer would the first thing the leos -- law enforcement officers -- would confiscate .
let 's see ... no , no , ew , no , how did this thing even move , no ...
you will show that thing to me and from now on , i will deal with them . ''
` ` what the hell is this thing ? ''
the place to buy things . ''
of course , you have to know where to buy the real thing ... '' sean stared at me .
he pondered it , frustrated , then piled the apples atop the pancakes and drenched the whole thing in maple syrup .
lucas sliced pancakes with his fork , pierced a slice of the apple , and maneuvered the whole thing into his mouth .
the damned thing had lodged itself so deep it took a couple of good pulls to get it loose .
` ` bael 's breath , sabina , you ca n't expect me to ride on that thing .
frank had taken me back to get my motorcycle at the palace of fine arts and then waited for me to pack up giguhl and my things so i could follow him to vinca 's place .
the thing looked like something out of a goth p**n film .
the thing looked like something straight out of transylvania - all crenellations and gargoyles .
cursing myself for my nerves , i calmly turned the thing over and reran it .
the thing was huge with blinged - out rims .
` ` gim me that thing . ''
` ` i know you do n't think i ' m getting in that thing . ''
but when i entered my pass code into the atm , the thing started beeping manically .
` ` you got any more blood in that thing ? ''
the thing was so massive it took up most of the ring .
` ` i do n't think i want to touch that thing . ''
the dummy was the first thing i saw .
she chugged more slowly but managed to get the whole thing down .
i flipped over in time to see giguhl heft the thing and throw it several feet away .
i had no idea how she 'd managed to set the thing on fire , but i had a more pressing issue to worry about at the moment .
he lifted the huge thing like a mortal might have lifted a heavy crate .
` ` now that you mention it , i would n't mind seeing this damn thing stuffed and mounted . ''
before you tell us , can you please cover that thing ? ''
` ` he keeps that up and the whole thing 's going to tip over . ''
the bird 's furious movements made the whole thing wobble in the air .
finally , the damned thing hit the edge of the cage so hard it slammed into adam 's foot .
` ` giguhl , do you really need to wear that thing down here ? ''
once she 'd lit the thing , she looked up and raised her eyebrows .
still , i did n't understand why adam could n't use his muscles to pry the thing open until i hooked my fingers under the edges and pulled .
the ugly canvas thing did n't go with my black ensemble at all , but it made lugging my hairless cat demon around town easier .
when i took it , i realized the black thing was actually a glove .
no one at vein the night of the murder saw a damned thing .
she 'd had her tongue surgically split down the center and proceeded to waggle the forked thing at me .
` ` the newest thing is called dry humps . ''
and from the sound of things , pussy willow and georgia were n't in any state to navigate the city .
he pushed the whole thing aside , revealing a secret room .
unlike the dead sexy roar of my ducati 's stampeding engine , this damned thing whirred to life like a cheap vibrator .
` ` how much horsepower does this thing have ? ''
a few cows , maybe a tractor - that kind of thing .
the closest thing to allied territory i 'd find down in the underworld .
` ` here , cute creature thing ... do n't be scared . ''
` ` the other day andrea tried to explain to me that apparently i am supposed to have a new thing , an old thing , a blue thing , and something stolen . ''
` ` the other day andrea tried to explain to me that apparently i am supposed to have a new thing , an old thing , a blue thing , and something stolen . ''
` ` the other day andrea tried to explain to me that apparently i am supposed to have a new thing , an old thing , a blue thing , and something stolen . ''
you 're the closest thing to a virgin we ' ve got .
it looks like a donkey , but the damn thing is at least sixteen hands tall .
i was a thing .
his face was about the only thing not protected , but he was n't going to just stand there and let me take a shot at it .
if i ever wanted to take this thing apart , i 'd need a large wrench to do it .
oh , you naive thing .
this f**king thing was a shapeshifter .
what the bloody hell was that thing ?
` ` you 're that thing he ca n't have .
he has half of the periodic table in that thing . ''
i knew this because the last time i stopped by teddy 's place , he bellyached for an hour about how much the damn thing had cost him .
` ` kate , the thing cost me five grand .
` ` no , you were a short little thing .
when you snagged adam from his workshop , did you take the thing he built with you ? ''
` ` hypothetically , if we had taken such a thing , it would no longer exist .
if they turned that thing on near the keep , atlanta would be free of shapeshifters .
a thing dangled from his hand .
the keepers set the thing up in the middle of a busy street and bailed .
` ` blood , hair , that type of thing ? ''
once the room stops spinning , i try to get up and i see this huge thing coming down .
when i desperately needed it , the damn thing failed , but when i did n't want to be bothered , it worked like a charm .
even if all of the tenants pooled their money , we still could n't afford to replace the damn thing .
bashed the thing to pieces . ''
i took off the fabric and filled the chair with a bag of glue in thin plastic , covered the plastic with catalyst , put sponges on top , and reupholstered the thing . ''
` ` this gluing thing wo n't keep me put , '' i said .
he wants you to trap the ghost , then have us steal the trap so he can use the thing later as a weapon .
it was the fanciest thing i 'd ever worn .
the only thing in reach was the pewter serving platter .
and just like me , it was the only thing he had on .
` ` whenever you 're in a hurry , you ca n't find a thing to wear , '' she remarked in english .
i hung up , stopping myself from my stamping on the phone only out of concern that bones might call next , and i 'd have broken the thing .
his neck was n't the only thing smeared red , either .
it was the newest thing , a thin , flexible piece that covered all the major organs and looked like a medieval teddy .
he caught my eye and grinned , running his tongue over his lip slow enough for me to notice that his ni**les were n't the only thing he 'd pierced .
that thing stuck out the whole time like it was pointing the way .
we sha n't let her get another thing . ''
` ` that ... thing .
` ` ca n't expect to leave such a pretty thing alone for long , old chap .
she was n't going to blow off with that thing holding her down .
the only thing she was wearing was her own blood .
not the usual thing you 'd expect to find while you were leaving to go to work .
for once i was glad he had the damned unsafe thing .
his hid half his face , but hers was a silly little thing with feathers that covered only the area around her eyes .
when mab was alive , giants had roamed deep into the woods at all hours of the day and night , and nasty things like sunburst rune traps had been carved into the tree trunks , ready to spew elemental fire in your face if you were unlucky enough to trigger them .
with her minion gone and his mission complete , madeline finally deigned to sop up the last smear of barbecue sauce on her plate with a bit of bread , pop the whole thing into her mouth , and push her empty plate away .
my eyes cut left and right , scanning what was left of the wall , and i reached out with my magic , looking for the one weak spot that would send the whole thing tumbling down .
i pulled the strap of the duffel bag up over my head and tossed the whole thing over into the corner , so i could move more quickly and easily .
the only thing that was even big enough to conceal my entire body was the dumpster that i was crouching behind ...
but i want you to go over to the coroner 's office for the autopsy first thing in the morning .
from what madeline had said last night , the coroner would be doing my supposed autopsy first thing this morning .
in fact , she 'd come down to the restaurant to personally oversee the construction , along with a few new features that i was adding - including a hidden door in one of the brick walls that would give me a secret way outside , should i ever have need of such a thing again .
it was just about the only thing that i had n't modernized .
the first thing i put together was a vat of fletcher 's secret barbecue sauce .
as she started telling me about her problem , i realized that the pork pit was n't the only thing open for business again .
he took a drag off a joint , the camera bouncing around , and barked , ` ` jury , hold the damn thing straight ! ''
so elder jacobs whipped up some wind and blew the f**king thing in .
` ` i ' m wearing a damn scarf around my chest , and even though i ' m not large breasted , somehow the thing barely covers me . ''
` ` just drink the damned thing . ''
` ` i 'll drink the dammed thing . ''
` ` it 's the only thing standing . ''
he yanked up the head of the golden - haired thing so the world could see a hawk 's face on a supposed commoner 's body : talons for hands , wings spouting from the shoulder blades , and the lower half with skin the color of bronze .
who knew how much backwash he left in the thing .
as i gripped the edges , my stomach clenched , and i heaved what felt like my guts into the thing .
` ` that thing is so thin , i will have nightmares about growling people screaming ' sweetheart ' , ' baby ' , '' she snorted , ` ` and my personal favorite , ' little wolf ' . ''
he made a gurgling noise , tipping the thing upside down .
i explained as passively as i could manage , ` ` we are n't doing a damn thing until this whole exclusive situation is decided . ''
i was definitely going to cherish the damn thing as a keepsake .
that was about all the attention i was going to give the annoying thing right now when i had a hungry vampire starting to unzip my dress , his mouth sucking hard at my neck .
i crawled , luckily already on my knees because the thing suddenly weighed a ton , and my hand hit the mattress .
of course he would hide the damn thing at the bottom .
surprise , surprise , the damn thing actually did , jolting me so badly i jumped , before i quickly got a hold of myself , answering , ` ` ezra ? ''
the damn thing was currently in my book bag under the table .
` ` we ' ve got that thing in new york with the coms , '' jack whispered , yanking softly on the hem of my shirt .
` ` that one looks like what this , '' a shake of the instructions , ` ` stupid thing says . ''
` ` is it possible that we ' ve got the thing backward ? ''
none of our powers had worked on the stupid thing .
glaring down at my snowsuit , i sighed , unsnapping the bulky thing .
grudgingly , jack grabbed the diaper bag the parent had left , digging through it before laying a plastic thing on the kitchen table from its depths .
ezra grimaced , but started unbuttoning the once - upon - a - time soft , yellow - footed bodysuit thing it wore , which was now soaked with spit and drool .
debating internally , i decided that if i was the brat i would n't want to be soaked , so i pulled a clean , lavender bodysuit thing out of the diaper bag and put it on the table next to the new diaper and wipes .
damn , that thing was hideous .
we snapped our attention , our will , to keeping the thing above our heads .
the thing practically hung down to my knees , fully covering where it needed to .
if my mom had willed a letter to me in the event she died before my graduation , i wanted the damn thing .
with a pop , the thing cracked , but it was n't enough to open it completely .
let 's just focus on freeing this thing from my ankle .
this thing is going down to refill .
all at once the thing whirled to life .
that thing was as big as a dragon .
i took the wiggling thing in my fingers and dropped it into a jar lily had just produced .
the thing literally melted off into her hand and she tossed it away .
that thing is huge . ''
` ` and how exactly are you going to get that thing down its gullet ? ''
this thing is going to make noise .
` ` there 's barely any room for us to maneuver around with that thing in this hallway .
` ` this thing is going to be like a bucking bronco , '' he commented .
this thing had to have a heart somewhere .
i ca n't hold this thing still much longer . ''
` ` i ' m looking for something to hurt inside this thing , but i ' m coming up short .
` ` it took all my strength to get through that thing . ''
it made sense the prince would ' ve used the only thing that might trump lili 's magic or at least give it a run for its money .
she gestured at the mummified broken thing behind the door .
` ` did you know you were disarming this thing when you broke the passageway spell ? ''
the only thing left of her was cradled in my open palm .
maybe it 's a built - in protection thing ?
he strode over to the platform and set it down with a clang , snarling , ` ` if this thing breaks down once we 're outside , i ' m coming back in here to kill you .
if this thing is spelled like she said , it should be undetectable .
the thing puttered to life reluctantly like an old motorboat as he shifted it to neutral and directed it to the middle of the platform with his feet .
we would ' ve had a chance to outrun them if we 'd been on rourke 's motorcycle , but on this thing we were sitting ducks .
we 're going to hit this thing hard . ''
to punctuate her statement , the tires on one of the vehicles blew and the thing did a triple spin in the air .
how could we pull the entire thing out of the wall ?
naomi 's blood had been draining into this thing , filling it up .
we have to drain her blood out of this thing , i told my wolf .
let 's drain this thing and get it over with .
there were old , dusty cloths draped over things in some areas , and in other places piles of crap had accumulated in no particular order , like someone might sort them later .
the power had stung me and i had n't even touched the damn thing .
she ca n't regenerate with that thing inside her .
` ` this thing is like glue in my hands .
that thing is in dad .
he sucked that thing clean .
i do n't care if the most powerful priestess in the world cursed that thing .
the thing was riddled with holes as big as softballs .
go now before that thing explodes , '' he yelled .
the thing started to gurgle .
there was only one thing i could think of that could help me .
now the only ones who remember the old days are us , and the only thing marking history are in your children 's books .
maybe he was n't dying and i would n't have to use this thing .
i want danny to live , and if you do too , grab his goddamn legs so that thing stays in ! ''
` ` how did you know we were going to need that thing ? ''
` ` it 's pretty handy you had the only thing in the world that could ' ve saved him , '' tyler egged , pushing for a fight .
crawl under the damn thing if you hear it coming down the hill . ''
the mahrac faltered for a moment as i opened my hand inside the hole , feeling and searching for what made this thing tick .
the thing barely weighed anything .
then the thing was miraculously off my leg .
they forage around , eating shrubs and roots and things . ''
once i insert my power into this thing , all hell could break loose .
the thing selene sat on was attached to the rocky cavern ceiling by thick chains and she swung idly , like she was bored , dressed in her ridiculous biker - chick outfit : all black leather , corsets , and spikes .
things fell into place quickly .
` ` get that thing out of me , '' she moaned .
the only nice thing i owned , an antique sidebar , which used to run along my living room wall , was now lying in a heap of broken wooden chunks .
i just have to get ... this thing . ''
he was wearing almost the same thing i 'd seen him in yesterday , a black t - shirt and a pair of faded green cargo pants .
` ` it means , '' tyler grumbled , turning toward me , ` ` he clocked in at work yesterday and was scheduled to come by your apartment first thing in the morning , and was n't seen again .
it was straight out of a sci - fi movie on the fx channel - only this was the real thing .
i wriggled one of my arms out from under him and grabbed the thing closest to me , which was a wad of his blond locks , twisting them around my fist once for good measure .
not liking the answer that came to mind , she resolved to call the police first thing in the morning .
` ` she always was a homely thing , bless her heart . ''
of course , she had no idea when she 'd have an excuse to wear such a thing but , as her mother always said , it was a smart girl who was prepared for any occasion .
nor did he want to give up the pleasure of eating a good steak , or enjoying a good cup of strong black coffee first thing in the morning , or an ice - cold beer on a hot summer day .
` ` i think you 'd better call the police first thing in the morning .
she gestured at the casket , unable to believe anyone would willingly choose to sleep in such a thing .
the strongest thing i ' ve got is coke . ''
after doing some measuring and a little cussing , she figured out where to drive the nails ; then , praying that she would n't drop the darn thing , she wrestled the painting into place .
since becoming a vampire , his father 's sword had been the only tangible thing rourke had owned that held any meaning for him , the only memento he had left of the life he had once known .
she would take it back to the gallery first thing monday morning and never look at it again .
she had often looked at her music cds and wondered how such a thing could record music that could be played in her portable cd player , on her computer , or in her car .
she gathered the other things he had selected -- the only thing he had rejected was the sports coat -- and carried them to dirk , who quickly rang up her purchases , accepted her credit card , and thanked her for shopping at sam 's .
he did n't have any money to buy such a thing .
she was n't sure her own dress would fit the girl , she was such a tiny thing .
she had been a pretty thing , with expressive brown eyes and a shy smile .
` ` first thing in the morning , i ' m outta here . ''
she followed him up the stairs , watched the play of muscles in his arms , back and shoulders with feminine appreciation as he dismantled the frame , stacked the pieces one on top of the other , and carried the lot down the stairs to the basement , where he quickly reassembled the thing , then lifted the box spring and mattress into place .
` ` just get the damn thing out of me ! ''
a thousand channels to choose from and she could n't find a single thing she wanted to watch .
` ` i wish i had that mind control thing , '' kay remarked when they returned to their room .
why could n't she open the darn thing ?
she glanced at the statue of a golden - haired madonna standing in one corner , thinking such a thing was an odd decorating choice for a vampire 's lair .
` ` stop waving that silly thing around .
she was a pretty little thing , erik 's daisy .
with a wild cry , she had pulled a stake from her pocket , lunged forward , and driven the damn thing into his chest .
i want you to change the locks on the doors first thing in the morning .
it 's the only thing i can drink . ''
` ` and take that disgusting thing with you . ''
why would n't the darn thing open ?
she uttered every swear word she knew , but it did n't make her feel any better , and the darn thing still did n't open .
it was a lovely thing , white with pale pink flowers painted around the edge .
she was a pretty thing , with short blond hair and bright green eyes .
chapter 12 monty figured he was in some kind of trouble when captain burke summoned him first thing on windsday morning .
the damn thing was big .
he found the spot that accommodated a fingernail and opened the thing to reveal the shining blade of a thin razor .
finding a clean , empty coffee can with a lid in one of the bottom cupboards , she filled it with kibble and threw a few cookies on top , poured the water down the sink and dried the bowl , then grabbed one of the big carry sacks hanging from a peg and filled it with sam 's things .
she wondered whether the thing had a motor and hoped it had a heater .
like a guy pulling out too quick '' -she made a face- '' causing leakage , or not putting the thing on right in the first place .
kylie reached for the weapon , and as soon as she touched it , the dang thing started glowing .
` ` i checked her pattern as soon as the thing started glowing .
so just take the thing away .
obviously derek had sensed her emotional dilemma , but had n't seen the sword , or he would have at least glanced down at the dang thing .
she might cut your head off with that thing . ''
it 's sort of the same thing a dentist uses when he 's working on a tooth .
it had been the thing that kept lee from touching her after she 'd been turned .
then the thing floated up and shot across the room .
` ` so you 're going to go around changing from thing to thing without being able to control it ? ''
nevertheless , she should have done it first thing this morning .
` ` i hope the only thing you gave him was your middle finger . ''
` ` well , '' miranda said , ` ` lizards have a brightly colored balloony thing that they blow out from their throats and supposedly girl lizards find that all kinds of sexy . ''
* * * even though she was sleep - deprived , kylie called her mom first thing the next morning .
through that all - powerful thing called a cell phone .
maybe i can get a flight out first thing in the morning .
then she offered him the only thing she could .
grabbing it , she looked at the dang thing to make sure it was off .
there was nothing , not one thing here that reminded kylie that he 'd ever lived here .
hey ... after over a month of seeing her first thing in the morning , she sort of missed her .
the thing was so smal it almost fit in the palm of her hand .
` ` wel , she thinks i have a thing for another girl . ''
` ` okay , the door thing did n't work .
` ` your eyes are n't the only thing that 's going to be sore if you touch me ! ''
but the damn thing would n't go down .
she swallowed the damn thing down whole , too .
why did the stupid thing mean something ?
the thing reminded her of a supersized , chubby gargoyle , but in all honesty , she did n't have a clue what it was .
` ` that thing 's heavy ! ''
call me first thing if anyone passes by again . ''
frustration building inside her , she picked up her soda can , drank the last sip , then crunched the thing in her hand and wadded it up into a small aluminum ball .
della had gladly agreed to hand over her fifty dollars of allowance to pay for the damn thing .
as tempting as it was to tell her to just pass the dang thing back , della did n't .
feeling as if she could n't do a damn thing to help billy , she cut the computer off and went to her first class - science .
she wanted to rip out the console between them ; instead , she climbed over the dang thing .
but if she told steve she suspected she had the same thing as chan , he 'd freak .
she had the same thing chan had .
but even starved , he stopped himself from poking the whole thing in his mouth , the way he might have done if he was just with his guy friends .
before chase could swallow and claim dibs on his lunch , the creep picked up the hot dog and practically pushed the whole damn thing in his mouth .
and to top it off , literally , she wore a crown made up of electric - blue , bird feathers and some kind of fuzzy yellow thing in the middle .
before you even figured out how to fire the damn thing , they 'd be up your ass . ''
the only thing she really needed to bring with her and she did n't have it .
you will see dr . goldman first thing in the morning .
she knew benji was in great danger , and perhaps this red amulet was the only thing that could save him now .
not one thing out of place , not one thing had changed since their move .
` ` what 's that dumb thing ? ''
` ` why do you need that dumb thing anyway ? ''
she turned the thing upside down and looked in every crack and crevice in the entire pulpit .
she worried that the water might enter the cave and flood the entire thing .
` ` oh , that old thing .
annabelle winced and fell back a step as the thing broke in half .
she had n't realized how difficult it would be to get the thing to fit right though .
she was pretty sure nasa scientists would n't be able to figure out how to buckle this thing down as she cursed and fought the urge to start yelling .
he knew adon never would have been able to create such a thing without setting everything on fire or being engulfed and consumed by the flames .
joey leapt in front of her and lifted the thing that looked like a flame thrower to his shoulder as cassie regained her footing .
` ` i wish we still had that handy little arrow launcher thing joey had . ''
he glanced up at cassie , horrified to find her watching as he slowly decapitated the pathetic thing .
then he noticed the thing hanging from the ceiling like some twisted electronic snake .
aside from stakes it had held more crossbows , a long bow , more guns , and a nifty little thing that appeared to be a flame thrower when assembled .
` ` that thing down there , '' she muttered , not able to look at him as she uttered the lie .
cassie slammed the crossbow harder , shoving the thing further back as the other one launched at her again .
matthew was zane 's puppet , his play thing , and he has broken him .
gathering her things , she rose swiftly , not caring that the bell had n't rung yet .
if it had been at any other point in time , he would n't have minded watching the thing for awhile .
it was the only thing that moved in the still night .
` ` go on , get up there before they blind me with that thing . ''
the problem was that she did not want to leave the fight for even a second , let alone the amount of time it would take for her to find the thing .
` ` ah yes , annabelle , she was a pretty little thing . ''
chris shouted from inside as he fiddled with the only thing he had updated in the car , the stereo .
the crowded area was loud as kids shouted , laughed , and threw things at one another .
a small chuckle escaped her ; the thing was stupid that was for sure .
she was dirty and disheveled , but she was the most beautiful thing i 'd seen in a hundred years as she stood there waiting to be auctioned off . ''
there was absolutely no way she was going to let this sadistic son of a bitch think he had broken her already , think he could make her cower , or allow him to put that thing on her .
it would n't be so hidden that the servants could n't find it , so why could n't she find the damn thing ?
her mouth watered every time she looked at the elaborately decorated thing , and all she craved was a giant piece of it .
there was some strange , rather large round white thing in the middle of the room .
she had never seen this thing before , but she felt that she was going to thoroughly enjoy it as most of her baths were always cold .
` ` bony little thing , '' lauren muttered .
she was a pretty enough thing now that the layers of dirt had been removed from her .
tomorrow morning she was going to throw the damn thing out , it was the piece of clothing she hated most now .
aria touched the leather binding of the book , her fingers trailed slowly over it as she admired the simple beauty of the thing .
she folded her free hand over top of the golden chain , wanting to rip the offending thing from her skin .
he snatched the thing from jericho 's hand , growling at his brother when he went to take another step closer to her .
` ` why did you wear this thing with your ribs ? ''
that was the only other thing i found , '' he said .
` ` well then , since that 's not your preference , let us see what lies behind this bloody thing . ''
` ` heavy thing ? ''
` ` oh , the heavy thing .
and perhaps the housekeeper , to see if she recognizes the poor thing . ''
the stake was a slender thing , but powerful enough to force through the heavy shirt he wore .
` ` take the damned thing . ''
` ` good gad , watch that thing , '' he snapped , flipping his wretchedly stiff collar back into place .
brushing his fingers over it , he touched the filigree cross , the impossibly dainty fingernail - size thing that hung there and gave him the power , the purpose , the exoneration he needed .
the only things out of place were the two figures bent over sebastian 's desk .
victoria felt the hard , slender thing under her sleeve again as her arms were pushed up against her body , helpless , and she suddenly had a burst of clarity .
i do n't know how he 's goin ' to get his work done , havin ' to hold that thing up in front of himself all the time , and drivin ' the hackney as he does !
pull the trigger and the thing would spit out a bullet whilst kicking back in her hand .
` ` ye should n't wear such fine things in a place like this , '' berthy snapped , swishing away with a twitch and a twaddle .
while the three were bent over the table , one of the vampires thumbed carelessly through the ancient pages as though confirming it was the real thing , max chanced a glance over at victoria .
` ` winnie , i do hope you have n't any thought of using such a thing !
` ` it 's the kid who sold me this thing , '' he told zack .
let 's see if we can get that thing hooked up . ''
on the off chance this thing is transmissible , they should be seeing it there too . ''
` ` we have n't touched the thing , '' one said .
` ` if this thing was left unrestrained during transit , it would have done major damage to the luggage containers , if not the interior walls of the cargo hold itself . ''
it seems like the kind of thing someone like you might collect . ''
figure out this thing from the inside . ''
that thing was what , about eight by four by three ?
he kicked it once and the thing barely rattled .
and every night , at midnight , as the bells chimed in the church nearby , i used to see a thing come out from behind a big old armoire .
the thing moved effortlessly , a weightless phantom gliding across the floor .
redfern grabbed the steel stand and then the thing in his mouth lashed out .
he had this f**king ... this thing in his mouth !
she had kept the luss children , keene and his eight - year - old sister , audrey , eating frosted flakes for lunch , and cubed fruit , things neeva had taken with her from the luss house when she 'd fled .
the first thing to catch eph 's eye was a wall of battle armor , ranging from full knight 's wear to chain mail to japanese samurai torso and neck plates , and cruder gear made of woven leather for protecting the neck , chest , and groin .
there was a thing there covered in a drape of black silk and he reached for it in an odd way , his arm outstretched , pinching the nearest edge of fabric while keeping his body as far away from it as possible , and then drawing the cover off .
` ` and you say you ' ve kept this thing going in here for ... ? ''
the thing was up on her pillow , vaz .
her mouth kept opening and the thing emerged , the stinger from the soft palate beneath her tongue .
roger would have a talk with the club manager first thing in the morning .
he opened his mouth as though to roar at roger - and then this thing came out , punched the window with a solid whack , right at roger 's face , then retracted .
the thing came out of his mouth and pierced the driver 's neck .
` ` stay together , '' whispered setrakian , lifting the uvc mine thing carefully out of the mesh bag on fet 's back as they walked .
zack wondorod : was it thosnap - chunk thing , or somo silvor swordi ` ` stay put , '' said nora , and closed the door .
` ` what you thinking , homosi riding that thing into my torritoryi '' ` ` ovorything is a dis with you , croom , '' said gus .
the book is the thing now .
his jaw and loft sido pulvorizod , the smolly mask was now the only thing holding the old wrostlor 's faco togothor .
sho had n't touched the thing sinco she had last used it .
so we just have to find the burial sito , '' said nora , ` ` boforo the mastor doos , and build an itty - bitty nucloar roactor on it , thon sabotago the thing .
i do n't know what 's in this thing , but it 's food , righti will givo mo a lustrous polt , cloan my tooth and all that . ''
` ` how can i sot this thing off and got awayi '' ` ` i do n't know .
` ` if you do n't have this thing yet ... thon why aro you horo nowi '' croom brandished the unloaded woapon .
so you ronogados and robols bottor mako suro you light the fuso on this f**king thing away from my island horo .
` ` i do n't want to opon up that thing in this rain .
this thing will tako out anything within a half - milo radius . ''
ho died for that thing in your hands , romombor .
gus grabbed the thing and yanked it out of his wound .
my soldiers will relocate inside this base thing , plant the explosives and then leave immediately .
he had one other he might call on , and if he hurried , then he might have things in place before everything fell apart .
` ` i 'll call first thing in the morning , and tell the wolves they have to behave . ''
things were falling into place surprisingly well .
cori stood beside ashe 's makeshift desk - he 'd fit the tiny thing in a corner of andy 's office .
` ` it could be the weakest thing in the world , though .
we 'll fly to d.c . first thing wednesday .
the grand master suspected something , but the packmaster swears by his members and we could n't find a thing .
` ` here 's the information on the little rock thing , boss .
` ` do n't tell anybody , but we 're moving in on friday , first thing after breakfast . ''
sali turned back to ashe and left the thing lying in the grass .
` ` we do n't want them to know who brought that thing here or how it was brought here . ''
it 'll be our thanks for taking this thing down . ''
they can load this thing up and get it out of here tonight . ''
to which cool thing are you referring ? ''
` ` they must have the camp shielded ; i did n't see it until ashe took us right through the thing , '' marcus pulled denise into an embrace .
somebody stole the gun , but that 's the only thing they got .
the sonic drive - in was the only thing open at the moment .
` ` we 're not here to hurt you , please put that thing down . ''
again , she wished her mindspeech had n't been deactivated - she would have called for her mother first thing and this would have been sorted out right away , with those three boys hauled off to the queen 's dungeons .
a wall of water almost as high as its third - story roof had washed through , nearly bringing the whole thing down .
new guy got tossed onto the floor of solar red 's huge new temple in the capital city of rolanthis , and then he watched while i went to mist and blew the whole thing up around him , allowing huge blocks of marble , brick , stone and other building materials to rain down on four hundred solar red priests .
` ` we 're ordering ovens and ice - cream machines and setting things up to get the fruit , milk and other ingredients straight from the farms , '' grant said .
norian 's family had n't offered us a thing .
` ` karzac or aryn can likely give you a better perspective on how things really were instead of reading that thing . ''
i barely had time to fire the thing before all nine disappeared before my eyes .
i was naked - shadow did n't like pajamas or any other thing that people might sleep in .
not one damn thing to ease the suffering .
well , he ought to be able to reserve it , since he owned the thing and all .
she would n't put the thing on . ''
it looked to be a good - sized battle shaping up over the whole thing .
this was the real thing and the metal rang out as we sparred .
spread the word ; we 'll leave first thing in the morning . ''
i did n't tell him the thing was loaded with butter already .
` ` i prefer revili , since he designs this sort of thing . ''
just the thing to seduce any vampire .
he did something with power - the whole thing disappeared from his hand .
` ` that old thing ?
no pile of stones or any other thing to remember him by .
` ` just get us out of sight ; somewhere we can leave this thing behind , '' i said , meaning the hovercar .
josh nodded , started the thing up and off we went .
lights were everywhere , and the whole thing looked to be from a fairy tale .
let 's go through the whole damn thing , floor by floor , '' i snapped and gathered them all up as mist again .
she was prepared to reassemble the thing when gavin and i materialized next to her .
i was beside her and had that thing jerked out of her hand and her body flung into a wall so fast she did n't know what hit her .
things were starting to fall into place , and i did n't like the picture it presented .
thank goodness , our group was small ; i was obligated to wear that thing for another hour as we made small talk .
her old computer had also been in merrill 's possession and he 'd destroyed the thing himself .
` ` just hold the bloody thing behind your back , '' paul instructed , as tony loaded the crossbow before stuffing several more arrows in a deep pocket of his trench coat .
his gold pen was in his hands and he was already playing with the thing .
she was n't used to being manhandled , poor thing .
just see if i ever sent these guys another thing .
i wondered why he 'd come in to begin with - he usually did n't knock on my bedroom door first thing .
merrill and i found no evidence and the only thing lissa could produce to support her claim was a pacifier . ''
` ` little girl , you do n't owe me a thing . ''
wlodek had called first thing , alerting merrill to the incident .
tony zipped it up himself , making sure the whole thing was lightproof .
` ` let 's get you out of this thing , '' tony crooned and pulled lissa from the bag .
i did n't even have time to squeal or wonder who was going to fly the helicopter afterward ; white took over and flew the damn thing .
` ` lissa , i managed to put a pre - nup together , '' winkler began , ` ` and convinced kellee to sign it but there was one stipulation that she made before she 'd sign the damn thing .
i nearly finished the thing , i was so thirsty .
figuring the cadillac was the least expensive thing to replace if i wrecked it , i settled franklin into the passenger seat .
i still wore his ring ; it was the only thing he had n't removed when i 'd been shoved into the shower earlier .
the sun set after a while and winkler pulled me out so i would n't wake up zipped inside the thing .
was the girl going to have enough mass to get through the entire thing ?
kellee came out with the little plastic thing in her hand and she was crying again .
ten to one they 'd be headed in the right direction as soon as they got the thing started .
it would make noise , all right - the thing was made of steel .
the rooftop was the next best thing .
a thought hit me as i jogged the ten - mile trek to my house , dodging traffic at times and running across lawns at others - if edward and sergio had my purse , then they had my license and a lot of other things .
i could n't remember when i 'd last started or driven the thing .
somebody broke into the house , stole don 's old cadillac and a few other things and then ransacked the place .
don 's key ring was probably the only thing belonging to him that i could keep .
more than likely , it would also say not to take jobs with humans because we were vulnerable in the daytime , but then nobody had been there to hand out a copy of the thing to start with or give me any helpful advice .
maybe my first trip out should consist of a visit to a church , just to see if i could walk into the thing .
yanking the door to the van open and nearly unhinging it in the process , i pulled the keys from my pocket and started the thing before i was completely in the seat .
charles had loved it the moment he 'd seen it , although i did n't think i 'd ever have an opportunity to wear the thing .
he 's got wide , broad shoulders with just enough muscle that it is n't too obvious under his shirt - tunic thing , although i can see the hard corners of his biceps .
but i have seen the sun , and it is not this tiny false thing , it is so much grander than that .
she has an ancient - looking book in her hand - a real book bound in leather , not an electronic thing .
i look at that weird computer thing .
` ` er- '' harley , who 's been watching us silently , snatches the computer thing from elder .
i drop the computer thing on the desk and turn back to the wall with my paintbrush .
the computer thing beeps , and she glances at it , then tosses it to the ground beside her .
the computer thing flashes a wavy line and a green light , and the words she 's spoken show up on a chart on the screen .
the girl picks up her basket and then reaches for the computer thing .
` ` look , you read that stuff on the computer thing .
doc taps on his thin computer thing .
` ` i , um ... '' i try to ignore what the doctor is doing with that clear goo and that metal thing that looks like a torture device .
the doctor 's metal thing slips .
why wo n't this frexing thing work ? ''
okay , look , i do n't have the thing memorized , but i know enough to know that one 's wrong . ''
my eyes fill up with the thing in the center of the room : sunken into the floor , and huge , is the engine .
the thing before me looks almost like a test tube , although giant and with heavy metal pipes extending from its head and wrapping around it .
` ` it 's the ugliest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he says in a flat voice .
` ` that thing , '' amy says , pointing at the floppy , ` ` it can only track people through their ear buttons , right ? ''
` ` she 's a pretty thing , '' orion whispers to me , low so amy and doc ca n't hear .
one hand presses against the window , and i notice the jagged scar on his thumb , the only thing that separates his thumbprint from mine .
this whole thing is smaller than the earbuds i used when i went running before school , but it 's clearly far more powerful .
i ask , peering down at the thing entwined around my wrist .
i fiddle with the metal clasp , trying to get the blasted thing off .
doc nods , satisfied that i ' m not going to rip the thing off and throw it away .
i want nothing more than to rip this thing that was once his off my wrist and destroy it ... but something stops me .
i would n't be surprised if doc saw the message and gave the wi - com to me regardless - words printed on a wire do n't actually change whether or not the stupid thing works .
doc cares more about practicality than whatever leftover bits of orion 's insanity are braided up into the thing .
the thing from the back of harley 's painting is like a memory card ... if i could just figure out how to swap it with the one already there .
` ` how do you use this mem card thing ? ''
it 's just a thing that makes your wi - com make noise .
` ` this thing looks like half a softball , '' she says , handing it to me .
` ` all the rest of the videos have been on that mem card thing .
i ' ve got a snowball 's chance in hell to find this thing .
` ` i read the whole thing last night , '' she says , tossing me a slender book .
` ` we 're going to land this thing , are n't we ? ''
my hand flies immediately to my wi - com , and i try first for elder , but the stupid thing just beeps uselessly .
the whole thing was iced in thick , crusty white icing , and evie had written across the top we love you , elder !
the frexing thing is useless .
like , for starters , what the hell was that thing ?
even though we have the thing we came for - the clue that might give us the answers we need - it feels as if we ' ve been defeated .
the scale - like thing is gone , hidden in one of his pockets , and he 's making no attempt to hide the military involvement as he orders groups of men back down into the tunnels to inspect what 's there .
i try to see the world through mom 's eyes , as if every single thing holds a new discovery , but then i stop in my tracks .
it clatters onto the ground , and my heart stops ; i ' m sure the thing is about to shatter .
` ` i have a sort of tube thing that i need to connect to the ship .
` ` how the frex do i make a manual connection with this frexing thing ? ''
` ` that thing 's going to shatter everywhere ! ''
i think about the escape rocket chris showed me , the thing i ' m supposed to use if something goes wrong .
somewhere inside its metal body is the tesseract - relay device , the thing that enables high - speed travel between planets .
` ` that would probably have broken the thing he threw at you .
yes , the thing bastille had pulled from her purse was , indeed , a sword .
` ` that 's kind of what i feel like when i pick the thing up . ''
` ` and this thing ? ''
' what about this thing we 're flying in ?
now that i was inside of it , i could see that the dragon was made of glass plates that slid together such that the entire thing could move and twist .
but , cracked as the ship is , it would probably make more sense to smelt the whole thing down . '
i frowned , eyeing the thing .
' i do n't trust that thing , ' kaz said .
' if she gets that crystal thing back , she 'll be all right ? '
the only thing i had , however , was the grappler 's glass boot .
just the thing to make you feel better in a jiffy . '
that thing must be freakishly well guarded .
' been in the blasted thing for a good two weeks now . '
i did n't see why they were so keen on the thing .
i opened my eyes to find the entire thing glowing with a brilliant , beautiful light .
i took the thing inside of me and suddenly knew what to do with it .
the entire thing was swallowed up in the earthquake , crushed flat , the catacombs pulverized . '
only american tourists wear them , big ugly things made for mowing grass or painting houses .
it 's pretty clear when i order the cheapest thing on the menu every time we eat out .
the only teeny tiny minor weakness in the whole thing is ... toph .
and a curlicue thing . ''
i wear pretty much the same thing every year .
chapter twenty - eight cricket is n't the only thing i have to earn .
were n't you gon na show me that thing ? ''
` ` cricket was carrying it around at one of my competitions , practically fondling the damn thing .
and then ... the most wondrous thing appears .
no doubt the only thing he ever shared with them was an elevator ride .
( every time we drive around in it at least one person says , ` ` that thing 's not a car , it 's a truck , '' and lindsay claims she could go head - to - head with an eighteen - wheeler and come out without a scratch . )
she glances over her shoulder at me , like she 's considering saying something else , then reaches under the sink and pulls out her bag , a beat - up patchwork hobo thing that looks like she made it herself .
it 's so dark in the room it takes me forever to find my bra and stupid fur thing ; i have to grope on my hands and knees for them .
` ` i - the rob thing has nothing to do with- '' ally shakes her head , jabs a finger over my shoulder .
who wears the same thing for eight straight years ?
` ` well , just remember , kiddo : if you put a dent in that thing , i 'll kill ya . ''
it damn near killed me too , getting that thing into the trunk .
suddenly , i could n't stand wearing the thing .
it was some retro mario i 'd given him for an elementary - school birthday back when it was the cool new thing , and we sat there and played it , like we had a hundred times , secret levels and all , except this time felt different .
i just spent all night making the freaking thing . ''
` ` i remember the day we bought this thing , '' she said , half to herself .
i reach down and touch the thing .
i 'd been laughed at and asked why i was bringing that ` ` big old thing , '' and i said that jacky faber does n't go out on the salt without her seabag and that 's that .
` ` it 's a lifting thing .
` ` i took a trip to my grandmomma 's house , and just why i would do that i do not know , she bein ' a horrid old person , but anyway , i packed my trunk , and in it i put that silly paper of pins , a hairbrush , my doll sally ann , my prayer book ... if i could find the damned thing , that is , and ... a big ole juicy virginia ham , glistenin ' , positively glistenin ' with a deep honey glaze and studded with those lovely little brown cloves . ''
while i did so , assisted ably by the girls annie and sylvie , mr . dobbs did come upon me and insist that i try a cup of a new brew of coffee lately brought up from south america and said to be the finest thing of its kind .
` ` you git the hell outta here , you dirty thing , '' hissed clarissa as nettles slunk away , whining over his bashed hand .
then , finally , ` ` after blodgett whipped you three times with that awful thing , he pulled your head back and asked you if anyone else was in on the strike ... any other leaders ... and said he 'd stop whippin ' you if you told ... you shook your head no and so he kept on whippin ' on you ... '' hmmm ...
sally , then hermione , then helen , dorothea , and my poor annie , then priscilla and on and on till katy deere , and then it 's mick himself who clamps the cold hard thing around my own neck and says , ` ` sorry , kid , '' and then does the same to dolley , and then elspeth , who is already dead in the eyes , and then martha , and clarissa , groggy from chub - buck 's blow , then connie , her hands up in prayer , then wilhelmina , and chrissy and judy and lissette , and on down the line to sylvie , then hyacinth , barbara , caroline , hepzibah , frances , and finally , julia winslow .
she nods , but i do n't know if she took what i said to heart , because she is such a proud thing .
` ` what else you got in that thing , jacky ?
while she has the knife , she takes up the long batten and puts a notch on each end and carves down the sides at the ends , making a graceful curve of the whole thing .
rats ai n't the only creatures this thing could kill , i ' m thinking with some satisfaction .
` ` tell me what that thing is , then i 'll give you your water , smart - mouth . ''
before i duck in , i take a belaying pin from its rack at the rail and stick the clublike thing in my waistband .
it was a little thing , all thin and dark ... like a skeleton , only black .
` ` that 's why we planted that smell - of - brimstone thing in the black ghost story .
` ` and now i suppose you 'll eat that awful thing , wo n't you , and disgust us further ? ''
no , the rudder will have to be the last thing to go , on the night before we escape . ''
it was probably the richest - looking thing i had ever seen in my life up till then .
instead i sat with hughie for a long time and told him some more about the horses at the lawson peabody and how he was gon na take care of 'em and all ... ` ` now , that daisy 's a sweet little thing and no trouble at all , but that samson , oh what a hammer - headed bully he is - prolly take a special bridle , a hackamore , do n't you think , hughie ?
i thought i 'd have to climb the damned thing , but what the hell , i 'll take the ride .
the damn thing hurts like hell .
i figured you probably had to pay off that poker thing since i played it in your name and then the rest is for what i got from your furniture and the back rent . ''
last week i pulled into the drive when he was getting the mail , and as i walked up to the house he stared at the car and said , no inflection , ` ` you 're keeping that thing at least a year . ''
` ` so what 's the wildest thing a woman has ever asked you to autograph ? ''
` ` are n't you the cutest thing in this little tank and shorts combo .
goddamned thing made a zzzzt noise when i was halfway done , as you can undoubtedly see with your own eyes , and now i have a date in like twenty minutes with the super hot manager of that band we saw the other night ?
i seriously wanted to kill someone but could n't think who 'd be culpable except for whoever put that thing together , and they 're probably making three cents an hour and working out of a windowless factory in southeast asia . ''
i find myself thinking is this goddamned thing even moving ?
the only thing that betrays her is one finger , repeatedly scratching at the seam of her chair .
staring straight up through the branches , i wonder how they got the ropes attached that high - if someone climbed this tree like they might have done a hundred years ago , or if they brought in a truck with a ladder or one of those bucket things like the guys who work on telephone lines use .
would it have been that hard to just tel me the damned thing was totaled ?
i ca n't tel breast size or shape under that thing ; ditto whether or not she has a waist .
not a rodeo drive sunless tan , either - the real thing .
thank the stars i was carrying the darned thing business end down , because as i yanked the back door open , gabriel e bul eted through it .
she balances the bulky thing in her right hand while she twists the wires together with her left , pul ing safety caps out of her pocket and affixing them to the connected wires .
in answer , she hands me a smal gadget containing a miniature leveler and a red arrow - looking thing .
she always wears her seatbelt and her car has airbags al over the place and that thing that cal s in an accident for you if you 're unconscious .
dori 's hammering away on the control er , click - click - clack - clack - clack , hacking the thing on the life - sized screen until it 's a bloody pulp .
she flashes me a sideways look and i grin , one palm up- what ? -and then she chops the thing one more time .
i do n't remember exactly what her place looked like when i was here last , because i ' ve only been here once , and it 's been almost a year - but several things appear to be missing .
it takes me almost an hour to narrow to a couple of plush animals - a teddy , of course , and a floppy - eared puppy ( to compensate for the fact that kathryn urges me not to buy him the real thing ) .
they set up this box thing all covered with fancy rope work on the front edge of the quarterdeck , which is a raised deck at the rear end of the ship .
the bowsprit is the pointy thing on the front of the ship that has a narrow gangplank running out on it and has one of the fore - and - aft sails hooked on its end .
roderigo has a tattoo of a dreadful snake with dripping fangs coming out of the waistband of his trousers and curling over his hairy belly and tink is of the opinion that it would be just the thing and i about faint dead away , but it costs too much and we decide we have to have something more nauticallike , anyway .
i sit down in a chair with a frilly thing around it and begin .
this one , his latest , is the biggest one yet and is made of six stout poles , the ends of which meet and are wired together and the other ends splay out and the whole thing is covered with the thinnest canvas we got on board .
tonight when i talk about my dream of a little ship and say , ` ` would n't it be grand to have a little seaside cottage to come back to and dry out between the voyages and the adventures and the cottage would have a big fireplace and roses and things , '' he do n't say nothing , does n't even snort at my silly dreams , just lies there all silent and i know he 's awake and it hurts me .
i work the string through it and turn the whole thing inside out so the neat seams are on the outside , and it 's done .
davy swears that he will put a marlinespike in my belly and twist it if i wear that stupid thing in front of the captain so that the captain orders me to make them for all the boys , so that davy his ownself has to wear the damned thing in front of the entire crew and so die of shame .
davy swears that he will put a marlinespike in my belly and twist it if i wear that stupid thing in front of the captain so that the captain orders me to make them for all the boys , so that davy his ownself has to wear the damned thing in front of the entire crew and so die of shame .
the damned thing works .
i ca n't get into the coconut proper yet , but i can shave the end of it with my shiv till i get down to these things that look like eyes and poke one of them open and then pour the juice inside down my throat .
i have not been put into female clothing yet , since they do n't have any such thing aboard and they do n't know about my two dresses , and they would n't let me wear the kingston dress , anyway .
i could never have got such a thing without knowing the writer .
most were just bric - a - brac : a planchette , some chalk , a spirit slate - useless bits of seance equipment , the sort of thing amaurotics hysterically associated with clairvoyance .
i reached up and tore the thing out .
then this thing came out of nowhere - this giant , bloated thing .
` ` you left me with that thing .
` ` you set the whole thing up when you opened the cold spot . ''
you really are a silly thing .
i wanted to smash the thing .
` ` i know the two up top , arthur , but what is the thing in the back ? ''
` ` it sounds like just the thing for bluenosed boston , and i am sure it will endear you to the baws .
` ` now , mates , '' i warned , ` ` this thing could just contain some old papers , once important to someone , but now a mere sodden mess , and nothing more '' -i picked up the chest and gave it a bit of a shake and it rattled- '' but somehow i do n't think so . ''
i keep the thing going with a quiet vamp as they press on ... ba , ba , bamba !
he places a kiss on her brow , as i round things out with a final verse ... para bailar la bamba para bailar la bamba su necesita una poca de gracia una poca de gracia ... para mi , para ti , ay arriba y arriba ay arriba y arriba por ti sere , por ti sere , por ti sere !
i know it is stupid , but i do love seeing this thing performed .
chapter 30 the journal of j. e. fletcher envoy , house of chen boston , massachusetts , usa journal entry , july 24 , 1809 a disguise , i find , can be a very handy thing .
he replied that he had just the box in his shop and would send it over first thing in the morning .
yes , that thing is called a mast .
he hands me a photograph of a flower - it 's beautiful , more vibrant in color than the real thing .
i like talking to erin first thing in the morning , and kissing her too .
i eat the whole thing in just a few bites .
` ` although you were less talkative than usual , i actually looked forward to seeing you first thing in the morning . ''
he agreed to the plan , reminding me i had to be home first thing on saturday to do my chores .
we had decided to stay in since our flight left for california first thing in the morning .
sara and i stopped by the house first thing in the morning to pick up my books .
` ` because i knew there was n't , '' i replied flatly , knowing the only thing he tried to take was hanging around my neck .
behind the large desk was a closet , and in that closet was my tote bag , which contained the only thing that could cure my headache and erase all of these people from existence .
we 'll go first thing in the morning .
it was the only grocery store in town , and the closest thing we had to a 7 - eleven .
i was already annoyed , maybe because i 'd met up with the guys at the stop and steal magazine stand before school and been subjected to this same conversation while earl flipped through issues of the only thing he ever read - magazines featuring girls in bikinis , lying across the hoods of cars .
` ` you ' ve gone places , seen things .
do n't you bring that thing in here ! ''
` ` now you wrap that thing up in here .
i did n't say a word as we circled the general 's green , the round patch of faded grass that encircled just about the only thing in gatlin that ever made it into the guidebooks - the general , a statue of civil war general jubal a .
` ` what about that thing ?
` ` take that thing off . ''
` ` i ca n't have this thing on my face all night .
she held out the brownies , the gooey double chocolate chip fudge brownies that were always the first thing to go at the baptist church bake sale .
` ` she was a spiteful thing , just like her sister . ''
amma would n't touch the thing , even if it was an invitation , and almost did n't let me go .
` ` why did we dig up a grave to find this thing and waste weeks trying to figure out what it says , if we are n't even going to try ? ''
my mother held a carved dagger , an ancient dark thing , high above her head .
the beater was about the only thing that had n't changed .
amma 's dolls are one thing , but i do n't know if my incubus powers work on dead voodoo queens .
` ` is that the thing the lady with the doughnuts gave her ? ''
all i know is , this thing is fried . ''
we would never get rid of that thing .
this thing has to be a hundred and fifty years old . ''
some kind of spidery - looking houseplant sat on top of it , making the whole thing look like a big planter .
then maybe we should stick you back in that thing . ''
things were starting to fall into place .
i do n't know what this thing 's gon na do . ''
she laughed , pouring sweet tea into two tall glasses - tea being the only other thing my mom knew how to make .
` ` ca n't do a thing ta stop 'em from comin ' either , even if they ai n't your kind a folks . ''
` ` this thing 's crooked again . ''
the vaguest shadow of a person , the thing that comes to you in the night when you think no one is looking .
if i read this thing any more times , i ' m going to burn a hole in it with my eyes . ''
i would n't come within ten miles of that thing , not after the way it royally screws anyone who touches it . ''
i risked my life , and now we 're stuck with that thing .
then she looked through the glass storefront at a busy , public place filled with stuffed things and snappy music .
` ` i ca n't see any of the good stuff through this thing , '' nina said , but she still did n't offer to let anyone else take a turn at the telescope .
darren 's neighbor had asked his parents for weeks if they 'd seen that thing .
with sheriff whitney 's help , the paramedics managed to get me back up the steep hill in some sort of odd stretcher thing .
today though , i stared at the lifeless thing while sawyer adjusted some stuff inside it , just hoping for a spark of lil to fill me .
i felt mine responding , just taking her in , and changed my initial description - the dress was n't just a touch sexy , it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
it was just the gaudiest damn thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
i clicked through - that 's how out of date this thing was - until i found van morrison 's brown eyed girl .
i knew they could still be out there , toying with me like a cat does with a mouse before it pounces and it rips the poor thing apart .
` ` you two better not even be within a mile of that thing by the time i get over there .
he carted my butt to the gym first thing in the morning and we spent the better part of the day there .
after doing my reps , i realized there was no graceful way of getting out of the thing .
bored out of my mind , i picked up the musty smel ing book and thumbed through the ancient thing .
the thing weighed a ton , but he moved it around like it weighed nothing .
` ` um ... ` ` i glanced down at the damn thing .
` ` now , i ' m pulled out of an investigation that will make or break my career here , all because my half - blood niece broke a girl 's nose in the cafeteria ... with an apple , of all things . ''
buying the thing would be hard , though .
the thing hit the marble sidewalk , shattering into a dozen thick pieces .
i 'd once heard the rockefellers had a house around these parts , but nothing compared to this monstrous thing .
a closet would have been too nice of a description for this ... this thing considered a room .
the closest thing we had was the amphitheater where the carolina covenant held sessions .
` ` i have the perfect thing . ''
` ` yeah , let me find the damn lock on this thing and i 'll fix that for you . ''
` ` you know , using this thing is going to be really messy . ''
further off , near the tree line , it looked like something moved - several things , actually .
` ` i knew you had a thing for her and her for you from the moment you came back from atlanta and bitched me out .
the thing had to be uncomfortable .
the thing was practically cemented into the wall , lightweight plastic so i could n't fashion it into some kind of weapon .
cussing under my breath , i unlocked the damn thing and threw the door open .
a ray of light caught the deep - red crystal edges of the rose in bloom - such a delicate thing , crafted by the hands of a true warrior .
` ` i also doubt apollo meant for your mouth to be the only thing getting a workout . ''
` ` you were such a tiny thing then , but my gods , i knew immediately you would look just like her .
with a loud crack , the thing splintered .
i pulled one out carefully , turning the heavy thing over .
i almost laughed , but the damn thing lurched from the pile of rubble , landing between us .
` ` then we head out first thing . ''
it was still drivable , but would draw attention if we had the thing out during the day .
it would be a caricature of the real thing .
when i had pulled that trigger , i had n't felt a damn thing .
` ` you really like pointing that thing at me . ''
how in the hell was i supposed to get on this thing ?
the thing shattered and came back together within seconds .
sticking the bread under my arm , i slid the beat - up thing out and flipped it open .
` ` well , i thought we could work on the thing since everyone will be gone . ''
it is the school uniform and it 's the finest thing i ' ve ever had on me and i got to say i ' m proud to be in it , and i know jaimy was proud to see me decked out this way on the quarterdeck today .
there 's this big tree between the church and the school , so big its lower branches touch the roofs of both , and on the roof of the church is a sharp steeple with a bell hanging in it , and on the roof of the school is a porchlike thing with a railing around it that 's painted white , too .
` ` take that barbaric thing out of her ear right now . ''
now the girl what showed me that dip - down thing in the front hall comes up next to me , holding a platter of what i think are pork chops , and she stands there expectin ' me to do somethin ' .
she picks up the gravy thing and pours out a little over her potatoes and then takes her knife in her right hand and her fork in her left and cuts one piece of meat out of the chop and then puts down the knife and switches her fork to her right hand , spears the small bite of meat , and puts it in her mouth .
that feels a bit better , now that the pommel thing in the front of the saddle is sort of holding my thigh above the knee .
` ` keep it up , rummy , and i 'll break your damned fiddle over your damned head and you 'll never play the damned thing again , '' growls the constable as he and goody take their leave .
` ` is n't my little precious just the most talented thing ? ''
i had thought the ladder was fixed up there permanent to keep people from going up there , but tonight , when i bring the candle over for a closer look , i see that the whole thing is counterbalanced with weights and that a pull on the rope hanging from it brings the whole thing smoothly down to my waiting foot .
i step back - i 'll be damned if i 'll scratch the awful thing for him .
poor thing , she 's really too young to be here and seems so lost .
and ... ` ` oh , the poor thing !
we was only havin ' some fun with this ... thing , '' and i goes to pull out me shiv , which i only oncet before pulled with serious intent and that when me very life was in danger , but i do n't have to get it all the way out ' fore john thomas 's balled fist smashes into the mouth of the cove what was talkin ' his trash talk to me and blood squirts out of the cove 's nose and he goes down and ephraim has the heads of two of the dogs under his strong arms and is proceedin ' to squeeze the life out of 'em and brave henry puts his fists up in the face of yet another knave , but the knave retreats and the others retreat and so leave the field of battle to us .
then i put annie 's braided lock of hair around the whole thing and bind it up with the blue ribbon .
i gave the elder trevelynes a miniature portrait of their daughter , the only thing i have to give , really , and they proclaimed themselves delighted .
remember , moneymaker , you show up or i ' m on the steps to your school first thing in the morning with many a fine tale to tell . ''
it 's got four thick legs and is flat on top and is all rich and smooth and glossy and warm and ... ` ` it 's called a piano , '' she says , sitting down at a bench in front of the thing and lifting a wooden cover that slides back to reveal a row of gleaming black and white keys .
` ` you shut up , you- '' ` ` will the crowds hoot and hooray for you then when you are not the brisk young dame that jumps up and down so pretty ... '' ` ` stop it , amy ... '' ` ` will they say , ' oh , ai n't she the prettiest thing ' when ... all right , now wait .
i put the back of my hand to my forehead and close my eyes like i ' m a poor , weak female about to swoon from tossin ' around heavy spells and stuff , and amy leads me out saying , ` ` the poor thing needs rest , '' which , of course , i do .
she looks absolutely wonderful in her rig , a black silk thing with red ribbon worked into the bodice and puffed sleeves , and i think she knows it .
oh , what a fine thing !
here , refresh yourself , you must be exhausted , poor thing .
i see strunk 's hateful face for a moment and then the rug floats over me and i feel it tucked around me and then i ' m flipped and rolled up in the thing .
he does the same thing with my wrists and i ca n't do a thing to stop him .
` ` does this thing go to the underground ? ''
he cut each slice into bite - size pieces while i shoved half the thing in my mouth and probably ended up with sauce all over my chin .
i had no idea what the thing was .
` ` you told me not to touch the stupid thing and i should ' ve known better . ''
seemed unreal to be backing away from such a delicate - looking thing , but i liked my soul where it wasin my body .
normally , that box would be the first thing alex put away safely .
i would need some serious help getting up inside that thing .
` ` it 's called ... dark allure or some cheesy thing like that . ''
` ` well , '' harry said with a grin , ` ` a guy knows when another guy is interested in a girl and you could ' ve puked in isaac 's lap and he would still have a thing for you . ''
` ` better be careful with that thing , '' he jokes .
he looks towards the door once more and moves over closer to me and whispers , ` ` what is this thing you guys are looking for anyway ? ''
i wanted to snatch the notebook from boomer and read it posthaste , but i tried to sound casual , like , oh , yeah , that old thing .
most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen , you with that black silk against your white skin- '' ` ` shut up , '' she hissed , coming to a halt in the middle of maltese square .
he wore a set of jeweler 's lenses on a chain , and their dark gold rims were the only ornament on his person , if you did n't count the other thing he wore around his neck , which had no sparkle to catch the eye .
now that she was grown she showed more decorum , but she still sometimes found herself itching to reach for the thing .
i have repented , i have been punished enough- '' akiva stared in blank incomprehension at the thing that materialized on the old man 's back .
he forced himself to look at the thing .
incredibly , this thing was a seraph .
came from inside the thing , and the back seam of the trench coat parted like the opening of a teepee .
she wore one on a cord around her neck , so incongruous a thing against her silk gown , her silken skin .
she saw them in a vendor 's stall , densely knit things of striped berber wool , reinforced with leather at the palms .
43 snap such a little thing , and brittle , and the sound it made : a sharp , clean snap .
the blade is a great and shining thing , like a falling moon .
she had a plan , and it was what she held on to as the executioner raised his blade - a great and shining thing , like a falling moon - because she had work ahead of her , and she could n't afford to lose her focus .
she was a frail thing of lizard aspect who had been with madrigal and chiro at school , but parted from them when they went to battle training and she into royal service .
he wore the same thing to the ball every year : a real wolf 's head atop his own , its lower jaw removed so that it made a sort of headdress , its eyes replaced with blue glass , dead and staring .
it was part whimsy and part impudence that had made her put the thing on a cord .
his scream was a thing .
the blade was a great and shining thing , like a falling moon .
soft mollusk thing .
it was a pretty thing , embossed leather the color of saffron , and looked like it might be a cosmetics case .
it was a hulking thing ; no armor would fit it .
the seraph fire was an infernal thing , and burned so hot that the bodies had been eaten to nothing .
at first i thought it was impossible , but there 's something about the thing .
two soldiers dragged the thing by its armpits .
it had joints of twine and a chipped bowl for a head , but she somehow made that damn thing seem alive , sidling up to soldiers begging for scraps .
she reached into her pocket , stepping away , and drew out the thing that she had put there days earlier and half forgotten .
what kind of fan was i , if my head could be turned by some look - alike , just a wannabe , a cheap knock - off , nothing even close to the real thing ?
i gasped in surprise , grabbing onto his head , the only thing i could reach , as he buried his face between my legs , my denim skirt pushed up to my waist .
` ` this damned thing . ''
i turned back and asked , ` ` what 's this thing called ? ''
chelsea was constantly in motion , always on the phone - she had one strapped to her belt , a giant , clunky thing with a big antennae - and the only time she was n't talking on it was when we were actually in the air .
trees close in around us , leaves and bushes press on me from all sides , brushing my face and shins and shoulders like thousands of dark hands , and from all around me a strange cacophony starts up , of fluttering things and owls hooting and animals scrabbling in the underbrush .
there seem to be some beams , too - enormous beams of timber piled on top of one another , and twists of things that look metallic , gleaming and glinting in the grass .
i see now that the ` ` ceiling '' is , in fact , one enormous plastic tarp , a bigger version of the kind of thing you 'd use to cover a grill .
at first i think there 's a pile of old rags in the corner too , until i realize that this thing is the ` ` guy '' frank was pointing out : a filthy , crouching heap of skin and bones and crazy , tangled hair .
you ' ve got to drive this thing , okay ? ''
for most of my life i thought of nature as the stupid thing : blind , animal , destructive .
i slide his head onto my lap gently and help him roll over onto his back , biting back the cry that rises to my lips when i see his face : undifferentiated flesh , a beaten , bloody thing .
then there are things that have no purpose whatsoever : scattered radio bits lying across the floor , an old wooden wardrobe , leather - topped stools , and a trunk filled with broken plastic toys .
for a moment , despite the rain and the desperate scrabbling of my heart in my chest , i ca n't help but stand there , amazed by the elegance of it : a world of beautiful , buzzing things , humming electricity , and remote controls , while half the country flounders in dark and closeness , heat and cold , sucking up shreds of power like dogs picking gristle from a bone .
he would do it as a test and a tease , so that every time julian saw the stupid thing , he would remember , and regret .
and remember how we had a picnic one time , and the only thing we could find from the store was canned spaghetti and some green beans ?
i ' m going to need to get closer before i can toss this thing . ''
the whole thing must have been assembled from scraps after the blitz .
the presents have already begun to trickle in : soup bowls and salad tongs , crystal vases , mountains of white linen , monogrammed towels , and things i ' ve had no name for before now : ramekins ; zesters ; pestles .
there are two freds looking at me now , screen - fred and the real thing .
he took it , rolling the small pointy thing between his fingers and looked up at her like she was crazy .
if he had a knife , he would have cut the damn thing off of her .
but he 'd hidden the damn thing and it was going on three years and she could n't find it .
then , on my birthday , i woke up with this thing above my eye . ''
i lived or died by what was in this thing .
eric smiled slightly , ` ` no , it 's a magic thing .
i snapped the old thing away from him and looked at the pages .
as the thing spun and took shape , it looked more and more like the painting .
i could n't call light to push that thing back down .
when she released me , she said , ` ` that thing lied , you know ? ''
` ` and he 's with that thing . ''
now the damn thing was in the underworld with collin ... and kreturus .
` ` kill the bastard responsible for making me into this thing .
` ` did you see the claws on that thing ? ''
something was n't right with that thing .
that was the crazy part of me who thought that this thing was collin .
it might be the only thing i had that could kill kreturus .
there was no way that thing was welcome in my body .
that tooth was the only thing that could destroy a person who had both valefar blood and martis blood flowing through their veins .
the silver rose is the only thing that can hold the serum .
so , you found the only thing that could destroy you - the guardian 's fang - and you scraped it across your chest hoping the poison would kill you ? ''
the martis guarded that old thing for years , but it 's only part of what happens .
shouldering my weight against the thing , i frantically pushed , but it did n't give .
` ` we could have used that as a benchmark to translate this thing , but there is n't anything that even resembles those words .
we already know what 's on it , what the thing in the drawing is called , and the person who told me that was eric .
i pushed back the thoughts as i focused on the thing eric requested .
it 's the one thing that i never got to use on him ... ` ` she placed her palms together and turned from me .
the entire thing was streaked in shades of scarlet .
but hope was a foolish thing to hang all my hope on .
the broken tree base was the only thing between us and the camp .
and that 's what that thing is .
i did n't care what kreturus thought this thing was .
i shook him , and dropped the thing into the water .
he offers me his first smile of the day , and i ' m suddenly glad he keeps that thing put away .
who designed that thing ?
every once in a while he takes out a black stick thing and pushes a button .
i swear the thing could end wars .
let 's get this thing pounded out . ''
then we 'll talk with her and you can talk with her , and if she agrees to it we 'll plan on the procedure for first thing in the morning . ''
who designed that thing ? ''
when i find the thing , i step over and pull open the lid - thankful it 's not next to the desperate couple .
she opens a magazine to a picture of a bride and groom underneath this elaborate trellis thing that 's covered in those pale pink roses she likes so much .
she has her hair tied up in a ponytail thing , which would not be hot if it were n't for the one little strand of hair that fell down .
it 's huge , and the only modern - looking thing about the house .
i forgot i have this ... thing .
i step out of the house in alyssa 's black coat , dark skinny jeans , black boots , a simple black tank with this loose - knit shrug sweater thing that alyssa brought over .
there 's that walkthrough thing with the chandelier or whatever .
you 're just a little thing , avery . ''
he sighed and avery realised he was using that telecom system thing .
the only thing keeping her from killing me had to be jack 's note .
the entire thing looked ... skinnier .
he threw the dark thing in my lap .
the entire thing .
a drop of blood trickled down his lip , and i reached into my bag and pulled out the closest thing i had to a tissue - a knit tea cozy i 'd been working on .
i was just ... reaching for ... '' i crouched down again and grabbed the nearest thing off the bottom shelf .
cole could be rock climbing and he 'd probably still carry the thing .
he was beaming at it like it was the coolest thing he 'd ever seen .
he reached his arm into the hole he 'd just made , past his elbow , grabbed hold of the back of the safe , and ripped the entire thing out of the wall .
his fingers gripped the steering wheel so tightly that i worried he 'd rip the whole thing off .
i explained to jack about the giant glowing egg - like thing we 'd seen ashe touching , and the shade convention that seemed to be going on .
left here , right here , that sort of thing .
` ` i ' m going to tear through your chest and grab the nearest thing to a heart you have inside there , and then i ' m going to rip it out , and it will make that scene in alien look like a kid 's movie . ''
he grabbed the spokes of the wheel and tore the entire thing off its hinges .
and the only thing that appeared out of that image in my head was a straw .
the entire thing had crumbled to the ground .
she 's not there when i arrive , so i get a small black coffee - pretty much the only thing i can afford - and sit and wait for her .
i had no idea why we would have one , but it seemed like the kind of thing every house would have .
beloved wife and mother , that kind of thing .
james 's desk - a clean , modern thing of glass and metal that had long ago replaced sylvie 's grandfather 's old , mahogany mammoth - had been wiped down weeks ago , not a fingerprint marring its surface .
there were three patios , a sunroom , and a pool out back , and the whole thing was surrounded by thick , shapely pines and an elegant garden .
or perhaps cloak was a better word ; the thing was brown , possibly made of a potato sack .
he nodded and reached for his water glass but missed it , tipping the whole thing over .
` ` melinda 's birthday was just a ruse to get us all here and show the thing off , do n't you think ? ''
it was the coffee ; probably the wrong thing for him right now .
this thing was beginning to break out of its hermetic seal .
he 'd spent almost $ 10,000 redecorating that office , replacing her grandfather 's gorgeous old desk with that hideous glass thing that did n't match the house in the slightest .
things that might have rightful places around this new house , on tables and windowsills and shelves .
there was only one thing in the room that had a lock .
scott knew his name all too well now , called up his name at lightning speed , whereas before it sometimes took him a moment , only identifying him by the nickname he 'd given him in his head , phantom , because of the way he lurked around the locker room , because of the way he slipped soundlessly into warm - up before practice , because of his pancake - white face and that burlap thing he wore as a jacket and the way he chattered to himself , freaking out the other boys .
the thing had to weigh a ton , though - it was gigantic .
every single thing in the room was perfectly in place .
` ` this little thing right here is what was in you , '' he said i opened my eyes .
` ` there 's this place in vegas that sells things like that .
that was until the stupid thing opened .
i put the knife into the back pocket of my skirt , and using both my hands , i shoved as hard as i could against the door , grunting and cursing , until the thing finally flew open , hitting the floor with a loud thud , which was so not a good start .
` ` she sure turned out to be a pretty little thing , did n't she ? ''
` ` here , let me put this thing on you , and then you can go look at the mark in the mirror . ''
i had n't realized just how strong alex was until he 'd slid the enormous thing out of the way like it was made of air .
how bad could the thing be ?
` ` so this blue sparkling thing you said i was giving to the queen , '' he said suddenly .
` ` okay , well we need to find out what this blue shiny thing is before we even try to head down to the underworld . ''
i swiped it up and stuffed it into the pocket of my shorts , which was a tricky thing to do since the thing was about the size of a softball .
one of these days , i think , i was going to have to invest in buying a latin translator pocket dictionary , if such a thing existed .
the one thing that could protect me from magical harm and it was gone i sat up slowly and glanced around the room that had nothing more than a door on each side of it , and a single window , which was barred shut .
` ` this thing uses a lot of power . ''
` ` we need to go to the city of crystal , '' i picked up the mapping ball from off the coffee table and turned it around in my hands , ` ` so i can get inside this thing . ''
` ` i do n't know ... come on you stupid thing ... open . ''
` ` i do n't think you should be doing any spells from this thing , '' he said .
` ` you think that thing 's ready to go ? ''
` ` yes , but you were n't wearing that thing . ''
but all the damn thing ever did was let me see ghosts .
i only need one more thing and i ll have it .
get rid of this thing . ''
i still had no way of making the damn thing fly the way it needed to .
it was a huge heavy thing that must presumably have been made of wood , but felt more like lead .
i was a thing , a piece of meat tortured by the bike and i deserved every- i stopped pedaling , my legs going limp .
` ` i went out with one guy who wanted me to wear the whole thing : tights , leotard , shoes - every time we went to bed . ''
chapter twenty nine darrell i picked up the thing and examined it - it definitely was n't something of mine .
but the thing only looked to be about eight feet long - too small for a car .
i turned back to the thing as the sheet slid off .
now , looking at the thing darrell had built , i got the same feeling .
the side of the thing was open , and inside was what looked like the wires of a piano , stretched taut and shining along its length , with gleaming black cylinders strung along them like an abacus .
but i loved my cello more than anything else in the world and i had a stubborn streak a mile wide , so i strapped the damn thing to my back and i ' ve been carrying it now for fifteen years .
the thing was a foot high .
i sat down at the table and watched as she worked her way through the thing .
then they were stepping my feet into the thing and wriggling it up my hips .
it was easily the most organized thing i 'd ever seen jasmine create .
i 'd gone for my normal , reliable black dress , the same thing i 'd worn for every recital since i 'd started at fenbrook .
this thing had been a solid shape .
she did n't particularly care because she was n't going to be watching the movie , but if she were going to be watching the movie a cheesy vampire horror film and a pretentious love story were not her thing .
he leaned back in his office chair and fought the urge to smash the damn thing against the wall .
she was out in that thing .
` ` you want me to put this thing in a secretum ? ''
the last thing she should do was tap into that thing .
19 - you crept into my attic and stole my favorite thing the cabin was smal , but it had a fuly stocked kitchen and plumbing - although being as they were jinn , starving or dehydration was n't realy an issue when you could conjure whatever the hel you wanted .
just the thing that links me to my mermaid mate . ' ''
vince pointed at the ugly thing next to the bed .
it looks to me like the setting is the goddamn laundry room and the plot is i do n't know how to f**king turn this thing on . ''
if it comes out the same the second time , we 'll redo the entire thing , but it has to be wrong .
there was broken glass in the family room , furniture moved , and things out of place .
she wondered why carmine would have such a thing as she picked up the tiny doll , careful not to harm it .
see the black thing with the big - ass red button on it ?
she had on a pair of his flannel pants , rolled up to stay on , and his football shirt - the same thing she 'd worn that first day in the kitchen .
` ` not even my dick would fit in that thing . ''
the sat thing . ''
` ` did your boyfriend teach you how to use this thing ?
areas of it were circled and crossed out , the entire thing riddled with writing .
things looked the same in every direction - nothing but endless trees surrounding them .
* * * carmine stood in front of the storage unit , the duffel bag the only thing inside .
he thoroughly tossed the place , turning furniture upside down and destroying things with no regard in his search .
there was no point in pretending - they both knew he would drink the entire thing , anyway .
he scrubbed it for a minute but when it refused to come clean , he tossed the entire thing in the trashcan .
` ` did you even drive this thing ? ''
` ` just a thing , '' he said , shrugging .
we got a seat and i ordered a double espresso , because i thought that would sound really sophisticated and cool and was the most bogart - like thing i could order since i could n't order gin or scotch .
he 's a thing .
` ` you 're going to pulverize that thing .
i can tell he thought it would open easy so i laugh when he fights with the thing as hard as i did .
we get out of the car and head for the trunk to grab our things .
` ` nate , you do n't have to bring that thing , do you ? ''
brandon 's sitting outside with his stupid f**king football when i go out , and i wonder if he 's had the thing surgically attached without me knowing .
all the thing does is go back and forth , like a shooting star would , but still , i grab charlotte 's hand and nod toward it .
how many bedrooms are in this thing ? ''
my backpack sits under the table , but even though we 're slow , i ca n't bring myself to open the stupid thing .
before i could respond , she took the bottle from my hand and downed damn near close to the whole thing .
the damn thing was packed .
i grabbed the first thing off the bed and threw it at him .
` ` do you wear this thing ? ''
she was a tiny thing , barely reaching my chest , and i 'd assumed she was all straight lines and little else since the last time i 'd seen her so damn close - to - naked was in junior high school .
taking it out , i brushed off the rice and put the thing back together with high hopes .
the thing was a mutated hybrid , offering the bone - jarring rattles of an old - fashioned wooden coaster along with the loops and corkscrews of a hightech steel one .
and as i looked at myself i saw that i was wearing the same thing .
quinn was driving a blue ford hi - boy , a freaky - looking thing with a grimace of a grill , as rude as he was .
finally it came into view , a thing strangely out of place within this warehouse .
to say the thing was hideous did not do it justice .
well , this thing was like a picasso from hell .
well , okay , it was more like skydiving in a car with really bad steering , but at least i could make the thing move the way i wanted it to .
achmed slipped the thing carefully into an earthen jar with a sickening slosh .
the entire thing was a computer screen filled with holographic buttons and gauges that all seemed to be labeled in some language like pig klingon .
like i ' ve said , i ' ve always dreamed of going to those places and seeing all those things ... but i never expected to see the tower of pisa spinning end over end like a giant tomahawk , heading straight for me .
all it took to shut the whole thing down was a well - placed monkey wrench .
macey was still staring daggers , but my mom did n't have a copy of war and peace handy , so she reached for the next best thing .
four years of training had all come down to this , and i for one did n't have a thing to wear .
i felt mr . smith 's pop bottle in my hand , and for a second i could n't remember why i would be carrying such a thing .
` ` hey , i thought i might find you two- '' ` ` it 's gone too far , cammie , '' liz said , shaking ingredients wildly into the mix until the whole thing started to bubble and change colors like something in a witch 's caldron .
i saw bex level one of the guards and then bolt for the office , but just as she reached the threshold she must have tripped a motion detector , because an alarm sounded , and the room turned from office to prison as bars shot up from the floor , building a cage around the very thing we needed .
and c ) i did n't have a thing in my closet that could possibly compete with pink mittens on the adorableness scale !
a ) i seriously needed to remember to go pick up that bra from the floor first thing tomorrow morning .
bex would have thought it was the coolest thing ever .
had to lock the thing up somewhere . ''
or maybe a blackthorne thing .
it looked like the kind of thing you might find floating on a pond at the end of summer .
seriously , that particular passageway is an emergency situations only kind of thing , and , call me crazy , but it was starting to feel more than a little emergency - ish by the second .
what 's that thing in your ear ? ''
the whole thing was layered with dust , and we walked for hours , climbing over fallen stones and decaying beams .
the precious thing was falling end over end through the rain and the wind , crashing to the stormy sea below .
` ` does this thing come with a first aid kit ? ''
if you pulled out a book called spymasters of the ming dynasty while pushing on the bookcase 's left - hand side , you could make the whole thing spin around , a revolving door into a dusty tunnel that spiraled down into the depths of the school and finally emerged just west of the guard tower on the north side of the grounds .
maybe it was the scratchy sound of trumpets reverberating off the glass - maybe they were all a little drunk on the possibility ( or perhaps the illusion ) that this thing might actually work .
she 's got this nail file- thing 's like a switchblade . ''
` ` i ' m the thing you ran to when you wanted to try another life .
and just to keep with your mother 's cruel , twisted parental values , there is n't even internet on the damn thing .
he has to stop and inspect every tiny thing , never speaking a single word the whole time .
the only thing i have from before karen adopted me is some jewelry , and i have no idea who it came from .
i would just accept it like i accepted six 's cell phone , but this thing is too big for me to hide in my pocket .
` ` you expect me to climb that thing ? ''
this thing is ginormous .
after he checks us in , he gives me the key to the room and leaves to go park the car and get our things .
he brought me the same thing i requested after the art showing last night , but that we never actually got around to ordering .
he does n't owe me a thing .
` ` what 's the one thing in this room that tells the biggest secret about you ? ''
` ` the only thing i have from before karen adopted me is some jewelry , and i have no idea who it came from . ''
i shake the thing off my leg .
it 's the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen .
he laughs as i swing the thing back and forth .
` ` i would n't touch that thing , '' i say .
i look down at the thing .
it 's a male one , i can tell by the dangling thing in between its legs .
did i say the thing looked small and vulnerable after being shaved ?
before i step toward the menacing four - legged , bare - assed sheep with a dangling thing between its legs , out of the corner of my eye i see another sheep stand up .
i could push you off this thing without thinking twice . ''
i grimace , but take the soft thing as avi turns around and lays down , his head resting on his bent arm .
luckily , there are none so i zip the thing back up and shimmy inside .
great , just what i need first thing in the morning .
but this kayak is running out of air , '' i say as i point to the floating thing .
` ` my boobs are too big for this thing , '' i say irritably .
what i really want to do is bang him over the head with the thing .
` ` you think i can climb this thing ? ''
` ` go ahead , '' i say as we reach about midpoint of the thing .
finally , the top of mount masada is in sight and it 's only taken me an hour to walk up the thing .
seriously , before i had a dog i would never have thought i 'd be okay picking up raunchy , hot steaming dog poop with a plastic bag being the only thing separating me and the excrement .
yellow is n't really my color , but i hang the sunshiny thing around my neck and tie the wrap at my waist without complaint .
i ' m turning this thing off right now . ''
and is n't that thing attached to the bottom of it a grenade launcher ?
i look at my flat iron again , totally grossed out , knowing that i 'll have to scrape the bee guts off the thing once it cools off .
i ca n't even crawl ; i have to wiggle on my belly in order to go under this thing .
it 's a protective thing .
i guess it would n't hurt to hold the thing .
i ' m still nak*d , in the shower with shampoo in my hair and soap running down my body , with my head the only thing peeking out from the curtain .
i might be a jewish warrior woman , but i ' m not about to shoot this thing without avi telling me to .
i dig my fingertips into it , but it does n't budge , so i hurl the damned thing across the room at my dresser , knocking a bunch of the lotions and perfumes and other shit mom buys me to the floor .
i ca n't wait to eat this thing .
do you mind watching that creepy thing during practice , mom ? ''
i ' ve never been to a dance , and i ' ve certainly never worn a girly evening gown dress thing .
it had better drive ty crazy , because i ca n't breathe in this damned thing .
i throw my suitcase on the bed , unzip the bag , and pul out this new dress carrie and marie helped me buy , this black sweater skirt thing with short sleeves , and pair it with black boots .
before he drove home with his parents , i let him kiss me beside the turtle sandbox thing , so people will know i like boys .
` ` i ' ve been way bored since grades do n't matter anymore and i wanted to see how long it 'd take me to get here riding this thing .
he had drunk the whole thing .
i delete the email immediately and pray that no hacker saw that and plans to post it all over the internet announcing it as the lamest thing anybody 's ever seen .
i walked around the office , looking at coach lynn 's things : silk roses in a vase , pictures of her family , the cat calendar on the wall .
` ` i think i ' m gon na work on this new dodgeball court thing i want to build , '' he replies , popping a cooked carrot into his mouth .
seeing if i 'll hang out with matt , a guy who 's in a frat , a guy who has done questionable things with a banana and maybe has fooled around with andrea ?
he climbs out and i say , ` ` that thing is a death trap . ''
i swear , the thing must be from 1965 .
` ` i 'll see you first thing in the morning .
i told jack i 'd meet him first thing . ''
she can start training first thing in the morning . ''
it 's a cheap thing , really .
all my powers were stripped , and i was this weak , pathetic thing .
i justified my guilt with the thought that i 'd see her first thing tomorrow .
` ` is n't your outfit the cutest thing ever ? ''
rixon said it 's the real thing .
` ` head over first thing in the morning .
` ` you 're not thinking about doing more damage than just driving this thing home , are you ? ''
` ` he gave marcie a spare to the jeep - i should park this thing in the ocean , twenty feet under . ''
i ' m going 2 order the most expensive thing on the menu .
was i supposed to get one of those flower things for your wrist ?
thinking on my feet , i said , ` ` we 'll go to silk garden first thing tomorrow .
i was starting to hate that thing .
` ` either tell me what you really came here for , or i ' m going to shove this thing in your scars so deep , it will be your new permanent appendage , '' i told her .
i have no idea how these people can work on me , can read the small computer printouts , can drive this thing while they communicate about me through headsets , how they can do any of it with the chopper chopping around .
` ` i ' m not sure this kind of thing works outside of the movies , '' kim tells adam as she feels along the wall .
i ca n't imagine you without that thing between your legs . ''
in his / her place is a woman whose neck is immobilized in one of those collar things .
` ` you ' ve been wearing this thing since you were a kid .
so how about we get down to brass tacks and blow this thing right out of the water ? ''
having the thing in my wallet felt a little bit like carrying around a vial of plutonium .
she can blow the damn thing up if she wants to .
the thing 's a dinosaur . ''
` ` here , are you going to take this thing or what ?
` ` i thought you got rid of that thing , '' she 'd said .
` ` dammit , open up , you stupid thing ! ''
some of the thorns were longer than me , waving about like the spines of a sea urchin , and the whole thing bristled with eerie menace .
i prayed the entire thing would n't snap like a matchstick when we were three stories in the air .
i approached mab and held out the scepter in both hands , anxious to be rid of the stupid thing .
` ` i hope he does n't expect us to make a wish on the thing , '' i continued , as ash scanned the surroundings , wary and alert as always .
guro 's voice echoed through the locker room , and the thing vanished .
this thing ... it was as if its body was out of sync with the rest of world , the way it flickered and blurred , as if it was n't quite there .
i stared at the thing , wondering if i should stuff it in my bag or just leave it on the floor .
` ` that 's why this thing worked so well , right ? ''
a mouth made of wires smiled at us as the thing eased forward .
` ` you 're not keeping that thing here . ''
` ` i knew what that thing was , '' i gritted out .
i 'd been seeing things move my whole life : silhouettes in the trees , shadows from the corners of my eyes , brief glimpses of things in mirrors , doorways and reflections .
i did n't know much about houses , but this thing looked like a victorian - era castle , with stone columns and a round turret soaring above a perfectly landscaped yard .
the only other thing we ' ve found is a drug made from the nightmares of children .
` ` i was wondering what that thing around your neck did , my dear , '' he said , gazing at annwyl .
` ` this ... thing around my neck ... it feels wrong .
we 'll go speak to the summer queen , get your exile lifted , and then we can destroy that thing and not look back .
i kept my steps as light as i could and hoped the whole thing would n't collapse beneath us .
` ` well , better grab a few of those things , '' he said , nodding to the fruit in front of the door .
that little thing works fast . ''
i was n't sure whether it was the amulet or his worry for annwyl that was driving it , but we had to finish this task and destroy that thing before keirran was sucked away to nothing .
it 's meant to look like a giant mayan temple , but i swear the only clue that you 're not in america is the piped - in mariachi christmas carols along the fake river waterslide thing .
without even thinking about it , i ' m reaching into willem 's bag and grabbing the thickest thing i can find - the rough guide - and i ' m striding toward them .
and does this thing have a photo function ? ''
meet me at dam square , in front of the white tower thing that looks like a penis . ''
but sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key , or pick the lock , or knock the damn thing down .
i poke through - it 's mostly american paperbacks , the kind of thing i read in a day and traded when i was traveling .
` ` here 's the thing : if you were just going out for coffee or croissants or to book a hotel room or whatever , why did you take your backpack , with all your things in it , with you ? ''
god , how i used to spend hours dueling imaginary demons with this thing when i was a kid .
` ` you look like a middle - aged man in that thing , '' i say .
` ` but watching you whack that thing was damn hot . ''
` ` the only thing you 're seeing is the principal 's office , becker .
if taking this little thing can make me forget everything except having a good time , i ' m all for it .
` ` we kept telling him to turn the damn thing off , but he would n't . ''
` ` i remember you used to chase me and leah around your house with that thing . ''
depending on how quickly we leave a place , we either travel very lightly - meaning the clothes on our back , henri 's laptop and the intricately carved loric chest that goes everywhere with us - or we bring a few things - usually henri 's extra computers and equipment , which he uses to set up a security perimeter and search the web for news and events that might be related to us .
it 's the last thing to go .
i try to move it , to stop it , everything inside of me straining to just make the damn thing move a single inch to the right or left , but no luck .
` ` it 's the last thing to go , '' henri says .
` ` you ever going to open that thing or what ? ''
` ` what makes you think i held on to that old thing ? ''
` ` i figure we might as well open this thing together . ''
` ` what about that thing ? ''
` ` man , i ' ve waited most of my life to open this thing ; and now that i have , a lot of it seems useless to me , '' i say .
or , guys , maybe number five or number nine just opened up their chest for the first time , and because we have this thing running at the same time , we can communicate . ''
` ` we got this tablet thing , possibly the transmitter we were after , and we 're going back to help six . ''
let 's trash this thing ! ''
two massive pillars sprout up from the floor and reach all the way to the ceiling , keeping the whole thing from caving in .
when we take the next turn and rush up a steady incline , we pass the thing i 'd feared most : a room full of prison cells .
next he grabs a round yellow thing covered with small bumps .
its surface is waxy with a cloudy inside , and it 's the first thing henri ever pulled out of the chest to show me .
' there are only four dots on this thing and there are supposed to be six of us left . '
i have n't seen this thing before , but i think sandor told me about it .
i would jump into the thing if i could figure out how .
' something 's going on with this thing .
nine kicks the plexiglas wall at the front of his cage and the whole thing pops easily out of its frame .
no chance of sticking out , always a crowd to disappear into , that kind of thing .
i ' m going to try something with this tablet thing . '
' we do n't even need the macrocosm with this thing . '
okay , that makes me nervous ; i saw how he decimated all those pikens in west virginia with that thing .
i have no way of knowing where the thing is , where to start looking , but i ' m desperate .
while i ' m dealing with this , check on the garde with that tablet thing . '
but inside it has to be the most technologically advanced thing i ' ve ever seen .
we stop moving as the metal duct creaks and whines , both of us braced for the whole thing to collapse , but it holds .
` ` i was scared and just grabbed the first thing i could .
more like the kind of dinky small - town thing that bored traveling families will stop off at to snap a few pictures and get a bathroom break .
as long as i can jump past those rows of teeth , i can probably burn my way right through the thing .
` ` what was that stone thing you threw at me ? ''
` ` that thing , '' he says , waving to the chair .
i almost expect the delicate little thing to crumble .
` ` it 's the only thing in here i do n't know how to work . ''
` ` this thing is freaking amazing .
i grab the antler with my telekinesis and pluck the slobber - covered thing out of the air .
the icy feeling that spreads up my arm surprises me so much that i almost tear the thing off .
` ` albert used this prism thing from my chest and it helped , i do n't know , relax me somehow .
` ` and you think this prism thing from your chest can help ? ''
` ` drive this thing faster so we can get out of here . ''
` ` you did n't see this thing when you scouted ? ''
` ` i ' ve got just the thing in here . ''
all at once , it 's like the fight goes out of the thing .
` ` if you had that thing the entire time , why did n't you use it ? ''
` ` i made the damn thing , '' five says , absently .
i hope this thing is strong enough to withstand some blaster fire .
sarah drops her spent handgun and grabs some crazy - looking lightweight machine gun , the kind of thing i used to believe did n't exist outside of action movies .
it 's been so long since it 's activated itself that i 'd started to worry that the thing had gone dead .
` ` here 's the thing , '' i tell him .
` ` i drove all over the city with this thing , '' he says , holding up his heavy - duty version of my imog .
i find a few things on sandor 's list - an ancient compact disc player and an automatic vegetable slicer with curving blades that i dread to see flying at me in the lecture hall .
when i ' m finally awake again , i 'd like to try the real thing .
with the thing on autopilot , i was free to dig around in the back , trying to find a weapon .
the damn thing stayed up in the trees , the perfect camouflage .
she 's rather fond of the thing . ''
do you kiss boys with that thing ? ''
the thing switched off before i pressed the button .
one thing i was n't wearing was a bra .
i stared at the obsidian , wondering how in the world i was supposed to stash this thing in my bag .
` ` stop using your freaking object thing on my laptop .
she gave me a bland look and waited until the thing beeped .
i cared - i cared that he 'd been upstairs with ash doing things that ... i could n't even wrap my brain around without wanting to do physical damage .
` ` the only thing they 're going to find is a burned patch of ground . ''
` ` there 's turkey , yams , cranberry sauce , mashed potatoes , green - bean casserole , some kind of apple crisp thing and pumpkin - kitten ?
slowly and carefully , i unfolded the damn thing .
i wiggled free , waving the thing around .
the thing was just hovering in air . ''
i picked up the melted thing , turning it over .
` ` why , yes , it 's this small thing that has all these cool apps on it- '' ` ` then why did n't you have it on you today ? ''
a thing with daemon , and if you say yes , please tell me that thing starts with an s and ends with an x . ''
a thing with daemon , and if you say yes , please tell me that thing starts with an s and ends with an x . ''
he dug the thing out .
` ` we use this thing for picking up supplies , '' he explained .
it is a floating reminder - not that we used to invent things and travel , but that if you can get to the place where the balloon is tethered and if you have enough money , you can forget about death and disease for a few hours .
` ` do n't you want to know what 's in this thing ? ''
i ' ve worn this thing so long that i no longer feel it .
they say that the scientist who created this thing blew up a turret in prince prospero 's castle , but i do n't know if it 's true .
` ` sometimes i just ca n't breathe through this thing . ''
` ` we were n't even sure that it was real , the palace , and this party ... ... '' the ruined dress that she is wearing was probably the finest thing she has ever owned .
he 's wearing a formal jacket , velvet with brocade trim , but underneath , it 's the same sort of thing he wore when he was examining us at the club - a fitted shirt , dark pants .
` ` the scientists who built this thing must have had a platform suspended below the beam , but it 's long gone . ''
` ` does this thing really work ? ''
he tried to imagine the purpose of such a thing , and he did n't know which guess was worse - that they were being sealed in or that they were being protected from something out there .
thomas shrieked before he could stop himself , jerked away from the window - but the thing bounced backward , leaving the glass undamaged .
alby walked up a moment later with a big plastic cup full of water and handed it to minho , who gulped down the whole thing without stopping once for breath .
` ` what , do n't like seein ' my face first thing on the wake - up ? ''
` ` ca n't we climb this thing ? ''
twelve jointed legs ran along the length of its bottom , spread out , making the thing look like a sleeping lizard .
` ` well , shuck thing was n't dead .
shuck thing just looked dead - like a wax statue .
` ` the grievers must barely fit through that thing . ''
` ` i 'll make sure they let you out first thing tomorrow , okay ? ''
the thing looked deadly .
it smacked the metal arm and pivoted the thing skyward , revolving in an arc until it slammed back into the body of the griever .
the urge to stomp my feet again strikes , but instead , i rip the fat counter thing out of his hand , and hold it .
i ' m half afraid i 'll chuck the dumb thing across my lawn .
mom 's voice first thing in the morning is never a good thing .
` ` i think this is probably the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i suck half the thing down .
i try to jerk free again , but his grip is still strong in spite of his amazement at the thing sticking out of his chest .
upon seeing me disrobe that first night , and spying my leather arm sheath that held my shiv under my sleeve , there for ready use , she opined that it was a fine thing , and so we also bought some leather and an awl and some waxed cord , and soon she had a rig similar to mine under her own sleeve .
higgins , bless him , has grown very proficient in setting up the damned thing , which fought us every step of the way when we first tried to set it up in a pouring rain .
she was good in that she did not put the neck thing over my head , which would have made me look even more foolish , but instead folded the apron over so that it performed its function of covering my manhood without making me look like i wore part of a dress .
you 'll splinter the damned thing !
under jim 's now - expert tutelage , we all do attain a measure of proficiency , but i certainly would n't want to do it for a living , as it takes a certain amount of brute strength to move the thing .
she is a little rag of a thing , with lank , strawlike hair , crudely cut across at the eyes , which are a washed - out blue .
he pulls out one of the newly invented matches and fires up the foul thing .
` ` i think the blue dress would be just the thing tonight , do n't you , higgins ? ''
he holds up a wooden thing that must be a musical instrument , for it has a hollow body , a fret board , and six strings .
` ` teach you how to play that thing right , is what . ''
he plays the thing by blowing across a hole rather than through a whistle , and the sound that comes out is breathy and woody and wondrously beautiful .
` ` she cried the whole time , poor thing .
` ` just a bit of a thing and so helpless , they sez .
` ` oh , precious , you are just the most exquisite little thing . ''
` ` thank you , sister , '' says i , taking the tiny red lobster like thing from her .
'bout the only thing we got that 's even close to that price and could make an ocean voyage is that one over there , the amelia klump . ''
just the thing !
` ` and the thing of his you found that made you think of me ? ''
he dropped the thing into the container , and i did not need his urging to slap on the lid .
i thought of the thing hanging on a hook in the room over which i stood , of the pale , muscular arm bursting through the loose soil of eliza bunton 's grave , of the sickening squish of its paw puncturing the leg of the old man , of the mass of sickly white flesh and glittering black eyes and drooling mouths laced with row upon row of triangular teeth glittering in the glow of the april stars , of huge , hulking , headless monstrosities issuing from every shadow , leaping and bounding with enormous strides , of eliza bunton 's corpse being ripped limb from limb and her head stuffed into the mouth of a creature that any rational man would indeed deem from hell .
i did not even know when i sailed for that damnable country what the bloody things were .
the last thing he removed was a large mallet of the size used to drive railroad spikes .
anything silver can kill him , but it 's the only thing that can , but even then you have to cut out his heart and chop off his head , and then burn the body . ''
let the whole thing burn , and then let 's see where it hides !
i ' ve brought you the blasted thing .
the thing did glisten like fired clay in the harsh electrified lighting of the laboratory .
he stopped several times in our circuit around the table , bringing his nose dangerously close to the surface of the thing , transfixed by minutiae invisible to my nak*d eye .
the hand that had touched it , the thing that warthrop had called beautiful , was beginning to decompose .
he produced a large magnifying glass from his coat pocket and proceeded to inspect the thing up close .
i grabbed my coat and muffler from the rack , and the hat he had given me - the only thing he 'd ever given me .
` ` you know what this is , '' torrance said with a flick of his finger toward the thing suspended inside the amber - colored preserving solution .
so i picked up the closest thing at hand - just happened to be his springfield musket - and blew a hole the size of a turnip through the back of his head .
the brim rested on my eyebrows , and the thing jiggled annoyingly when i made the slightest movement , but it blocked the hateful sun .
you chose to pick the thing up . ''
scratch , scratch , the thing in the jar .
men who are the furthest thing from a natural philosopher as you can get .
` ` the issue for him , as i guessed , is not the price of the thing but the thing 's authenticity .
` ` the issue for him , as i guessed , is not the price of the thing but the thing 's authenticity .
it occurred to me , while i watched the thing shiver with the ancient force , that aberrance is a wholly human construct .
the thing in the burlap sap .
the thing suspended in the jar , scratch , scratch .
a tangled mass of feathery white hair seemed to float above the blood - speckled forehead and prominent nose and age - mottled cheeks and bright blue eyes , the brightest blue i had ever seen , staring into oblivion with an expression of horror pure all the way down to the bottom : the severed head of dr . abram von helrung , full lips stretched wide around the thing they had stuffed into his mouth , the thing with the lidless amber eyes that had captured me first in the basement when it broke through its shell , and i the corrupted , crowning achievement of evolution dumbstruck by the purity of its being , its godless , sinless , conscienceless perfection , now staring sightlessly back at me , dead yellow eye and dead blue eye sucking me under to be crushed in the airless , lightless depths .
my eyes adjusted to the gloom below , the perpetual dark of the thing itself , and why had he raised the floor ?
i reached behind me for the closest thing i could throw .
` ` i keep telling you to get rid of that thing .
things that looked like they might have come from yard sales , like a wooden rocking horse and old silver tins and glass perfume bottles .
` ` you are such a pretty little thing .
i stared down at the sparkly thing .
` ` oh this old thing ?
i nearly wrenched my arms out of my sockets trying to get the damn thing to cooperate with me .
i grabbed the first thing that made me smile .
i ca n't remember the last sparkly thing he bought me . ''
i slide down and put the foul thing back between my teeth and settle back to await whatever fate has in store for me .
the bo'sun drops his knobby , which smasher mcgee picks up and uses to flail away at all those on board who do not belong to our company , and he is deadly accurate with the thing .
ummm ... it is very good , the best thing i have tasted in the last day or so .
i ' ve decided the nine - inch - by - twelve - inch size will be best for this thing , since that is the size of paper that seems most available here .
i finish off the drawing of the vile gut i had been working on before , and then ink in the words the doctor wants put under it , describing what the thing does and what poor thing it came out of , and suchlike .
i have n't grown much since then , but i have grown some , primarily in my upper region and a bit in the tail so the thing has gone through many alterations , and it has served me in good stead over the years since i was finally tossed off the dolphin for being a girl .
just right , i ' m thinking - very french , very marie antoinette , and very much just the thing for this evening .
he said , gazing at the thing .
i had taken jaimy 's portrait out of its frame - sorry , jaimy , but your picture is still the last thing i see at night- and popped in the one of the doctor .
they immediately hold the thing up in front of me and i see that there are three sets of straps hanging on it .
things that your country might someday thank you for . ''
` ` i am thinking , my lord , that she is just the thing , '' says mr . peel , beaming at me .
i wrap the thing about my shoulders and pad out of the room and into the hall in my bare feet .
a gauzy white skirt that barely comes to the knees completes the thing .
she was a pretty little thing and de groote is not called the goat for nothing .
it will take a very determined male to peel this thing off .
for headwear i have the choice of the common bicorne , a front - to - back thing that , to my eye , lacks elegance , or the helmet of a cuirassier , which i find too heavy , even though i do like the long horse - tail plume that trails down the back .
that thing is called a bullet .
i put the corner of the thing between my teeth and rip out the bullet and tongue the lead off to the side of my mouth so i can still talk .
i sleep in your cabin , in your bed , even , and i gaze about at the things you have in here - mementos of your travels in the caribbean , north africa , and other far places .
he drains the entire thing in one gulp , then reaches for the other cup .
i try to pretend i ' m used to viewing this kind of thing all the time .
a terrarium with some sort of lizardy - looking thing .
` ` then what is wrong with this thing ?
` ` but i have the same thing in navy blue . ''
it 's that thing mommy got from qvc . ''
i wrote this speech , intro thing , for your ma to use tonight .
` ` want to split that doane 's dynamo thing that has ten scoops and comes in a frisbee ? ''
alice rented that pump thing . ''
` ` the frickin ' thing 's blowing out the dirt into the pool instead of sucking it in .
we walk in just as joel 's asking , ` ` why does dad have that thing in his windpipe ?
` ` sweetheart , the damn thing makes me look dumpy .
you know that thing ?
` ` you 're a nice face to see first thing in the morning . ''
it was the only thing i 'd seen that was n't the color of charcoal .
it takes me three tries to open the stupid thing , but i finally get it before shaking whatever 's left into my mouth .
the thing slides as easily as it should and i start to wonder if she really just wanted an excuse to talk to me or something .
i open the top and down the whole thing , savoring the bitterness .
all the other guys start shoving theirs on , but i ' m faster , pushing the damn thing on my head and hitting the gas .
i twist off the top and down the whole thing , which helps a little .
i grab my phone , and it takes me four tries to shut the thing up .
i ' m so tired of wearing this stupid thing .
i smash the thing with everything i have and hit net .
since the mood is finally lightened in the car , and i ' m smart enough to want to keep it that way , i have the perfect thing for our drive home .
in seven years of playing , there have been three deaths - four including tommy o'hare , who shot himself with the second thing he 'd bought at the pawn shop , after his number came up red .
do you need a permit to carry that thing around , heather ?
he was good at building things ; several years ago he 'd made heather a rose out of petals of copper , with a steel stem and little screws for thorns .
he sprayed on a bit of this man 's body - spray thing his mom had gotten for free at walmart , feeling like a douche , but thinking it was better to feel like a douche than to smell like an a**hole .
her hair was fixed low , in a side ponytail , and she was wearing a ruffled yellow jumper - type thing , with the shirt and shorts attached , that would have looked stupid on anyone else .
underneath the streetlamp , they looked like actors on a stage , or tiny figurines , set up for display - and the cars , shining as they passed through the light , like toy models of the real thing .
he had n't gone to prom , but he 'd seen pictures on facebook , and heather had stood out ; slouching a little so she would n't be too much taller than matt , wearing some ruffled pink thing that did n't suit her at all , and trying to smile through her discomfort .
now he carefully duct - taped a firecracker to the outside of the jar and nestled the whole thing down into the engine bay .
there was wood everywhere , lots of nice - looking furniture , things that screamed money to him .
of course it 's no surprise my dad bought me a car with a stick shift without taking the time to teach me how to master driving the thing .
i bet we could make muchos billetes on that thing .
alex , next time come to school with that thing bandaged . ''
` ` do n't think i ' m getting on that thing . ''
that thing was cutting off my circulation . ''
that 'll give me time to test the thing . ''
help me remove this thing , '' he says as he tosses me a phillips .
after i figure out how to use the thing , i enter the address into the gps , put the top down , and screech out of the parking lot .
one by one i pull out each thing from my backpack .
` ` brittany 's car is fast , but this thing has some juice left . ''
` ` speakin ' of looks , you ever takin ' that rubber - band thing out of your hair ? ''
` ` more like a champion wrestler by the size of this thing .
i reach out for the first thing i can grab and put it in front of me to shield myself from view .
it 's just that this damn thing wo n't go on right , '' alex growls , then slides the strip of fabric from under his crisp white collar and whips it on the ground before running his hand through his hair .
i bet the whole thing cost close to four gs .
` ` do n't kill yourself riding that thing ! ''
kiara 's comin ' and , well , i just need to find that damn thing .
she stands aside while i take a deep breath and channel all of my energy toward getting this thing past carlos 's marker .
she whips the ball around her head like a warrior with a war club , then releases the thing in the air with a loud grunt that echoes throughout the park .
it 's the thing that looks like a claw with red rubber handles . ''
considering there 's only one thing with red rubber handles , i have a pretty good idea which one it is .
` ` do you go anywhere without that thing ? ''
` ` i could n't figure out how to work that stupid thing .
` ` yeah , but the millennium falcon has a dish thing on top . ''
i sat down next to him and studied the metal boxlike thing that used to serve as mass transit .
was he honestly going to make me climb into that rusty old thing ?
` ` what was the thing that looked a lot like a toaster sitting on the coffee table ? ''
she found her style - a sort of bohemian - hipster - girl thing , with lots of layers , lace - up boots , and apc jeans , which she bought on a trip to paris - read french philosophers , and traveled on the eurail with just an outdated map and a change of underwear .
the thing kept buzzing .
` ` i think a jewel thing fell off . ''
` ` i have just the thing to celebrate with , '' maya whispered .
` ` get this thing off me ! ''
beth nudged her excitedly , but emily just adjusted her feather headband and stared at the elevator safety card on the wall , wondering when this thing had last been serviced .
why had n't the cops found a single thing ?
` ` i searched for hours for the perfect thing . ''
spencer laughed - she 'd just selected the same thing .
` ` i always pick things that are this color green , '' she admitted .
` ` i picked up a thing or two during that boring - ass time i spent in europe .
she could even drive the thing herself if she had to .
` ` that thing 's old . ''
it was because of wilden 's car , the old black thing he was driving around while his cruiser was in the shop .
` ` it 's this old vintage thing from the sixties .
big plants , bushes , and trees would surround the whole thing so the gazebo would feel tropical and serene .
` ` is n't ptsd the thing soldiers get ? ''
unidentified boxes were piled high on shelves , and toward the emergency exit was an enormous , oblong wooden thing that looked suspiciously like a coffin .
just as she was about to shove the whole thing into her mouth , she recoiled in horror .
i did n't mean to peek inside , but that shirt thing was sitting right on top .
` ` you do n't know what to do when this thing freezes , do you ? ''
the whole thing was the size of her family 's first - floor powder room .
the whole thing wobbled , and a platter with the new york city skyline on the top shelf shook precariously .
she remembered her snapping the head off her precious doll , the only thing her grandmother had given her .
they would have sat in the radley 's common room and dissected the thing to death , trying to figure out why mom was doing it , who the man could be , what was going to happen next .
perhaps she 'd put it on this morning , too , as it was probably the cutest thing she owned .
it was nak*d ; no jenna thing string bracelet .
` ` that thing is so loud i can hardly hear myself think . ''
` ` oh , i wear this old thing all the time , '' aria said , waving her hand at her blue maxi - dress and espadrilles .
it was just another thing a had wrecked .
and besides , a certain kind of buyer might like that sort of thing .
the best and most important part was the deafening noise the thing made .
but as of now , mike did n't even have the number for her burner cell , a hideous flip - phone thing that hanna could n't even buy a bejeweled tory burch case for .
kelly helped her with the first bedpan , giving hanna the opportunity to carry the pee - filled thing down the hall .
she squealed and almost dropped the thing on the floor .
spencer had no idea how ali found the thing , as she 'd had it hidden under her bed .
` ` it 's the only thing that fits .
besides , if the police suspected the video was a fake , would n't they have already blown the thing up , used all their high - tech equipment to prove it ?
luckily , she had the very thing to seal his fate .
` ` chug it down , '' aria singsonged , and her brother wrapped his hands around his beer and poured the whole thing down his throat .
ingrid had hung hanna 's pewter ferragamo hobo bag on a hook next to a striped vinyl thing from the gap , and she suppressed the urge to shudder .
` ` so , i ' m in this thing called v club , '' sean whispered .
but the only thing in his hand was his cell phone .
she 'd bought a bag of cool ranch doritos at the train station in philly and had maniacally scarfed down the whole thing in five frantic minutes .
we always used to get our pictures taken in that thing . ''
` ` did that thing erupt ? ''
spencer mumbled that she wanted the ahi tuna - the same thing she 'd been getting ever since she stopped ordering off the kids ' menu .
okay , so the whole thing was too damn tight .
it had taken hanna forever to wriggle into the thing and then even longer to zip up the back .
the cart was especially full this time , and it took all five of them to push the thing up the hill .
` ` that thing is awesome .
he paddled closer , and before spencer could stop him , he was thrusting the rubbery thing under her nose .
spencer waded toward them , ready to pluck the jellyfish from melissa 's leg and tell her that it was just a toy when colin knelt down , peeled the thing off , and chucked it into the waves .
after she downed the whole thing , she looked around the room .
at least she was in her own dress tonight , and not some seam - popping thing mona had sent her .
` ` what 's this thing on the shield ?
the only thing she could make out was spencer 's family 's dilapidated barn , way off through the trees .
it 's the only thing my father ever gave to me .
` ` mom told you she did n't want to see a thing on your head until tomorrow morning . ''
tears prick my eyes and the breathing thing is n't working and everything feels out of control .
see that thing in the middle between the cars ?
that thing that looks like a traffic light ? ''
i still hold the bagel and it becomes that obvious thing in my hand that i do n't know what to do with .
i could take this thing off and probably still sweat .
` ` we could use this thing as a parachute . ''
` ` that awful thing ?
but how can you wear this thing in public ? ''
dr . sebastian is already below with the scientist who designed the thing .
as we descend the ladder and my eyes become used to the gloom , i am able to make out a large , bell - like thing made , it seems , of iron and brass .
i drop jaimy 's arm and duck under the edge of the dreadful thing and stand up inside .
` ` i rather think the four of us and this lamp have used up most of the available oxygen in this thing '' -the lamp indeed does start to sputter- '' and we had best step out before we all pass out in a heap . ''
still , it 's better than being inside that thing .
how can she possibly be sent to the bottom of the ocean in that thing ? ''
i see that three hatch is now closed , the line suspending the bell gone , leaving that thing below to rest in darkness .
there , half buried in the sand that slopes into the depths , is something that looks out of place ... a roundish , white thing ... not a clam shell , not a piece of coral ... what is it ?
the whole thing is blown wide open !
then she starts ... ` ` now there was this one bunny , she bein ' called sister rabbit , and she was of a mind to marry up with brother rabbit , and she was a pretty little thing wi ' a nice fluffy chest , carried high , and her little white cottontail sittin ' up all fine on top o ' her behind .
and speakin ' of makin ' things , i 'd like you to take some light canvas and make a little bitsy vestlike thing with tiny pockets in it for gringo , if he gets better . ''
and speakin ' of makin ' things , i 'd like you to take some light canvas and make a little bitsy vestlike thing with tiny pockets in it for gringo , if he gets better . ''
the fins are each made of a wood shingle to which is attached a leather saddlelike thing that your foot fits in , with a strap across the instep to hold everything snug .
some iron handles have been added to the inside , should things start to get rough , though i really do n't know what help they would be if this thing were to tip over at two hundred feet below .
it should be a good place to test this thing . ''
she emerged very abashed , poor thing .
` ` except that we know you to be an expert lock picker and would have the thing off in an instant . ''
we have been watching you , going up and down in that thing that looks like a cathedral bell .
` ` now , this is just the thing , senorita , '' he says , picking up my blade and cutting through the waist cords of my trousers and drawers and then yanking them down and off .
richard leans down and picks up the thing and regards it .
` ` and now i think some clean , hot water is just the thing for us .
a round little red thing sat in the curve of my fingertips .
that would make the thing like a mechanical person .
the only thing i had ever owned that belonged to my dam , i had traded for safe passage out of the tunnels down below .
wilson got a scrap of paper and sketched , then he launched into a complicated explanation of how the thing turned in the wind and that generated the power .
i ' m telling you now , from the things i ' ve survived and the places i ' ve been , that there is no such thing as impossible .
inside , i saw that it had taken six men to get the thing open , which meant it was incredibly heavy .
delighted , he broke the thing into pieces .
she had precious few supplies left from her seamstress work in salvation , and i could n't believe she 'd used them up to make such a thing for me .
i saw the words forming on a trader 's lips , you ca n't even lift that thing , son , so i cut him off .
we could all plant gardens and fish in the river , learn to build boats and carve things out of wood and paint the clay tiles on our houses .
but her fingers were already curving around the pretty thing .
` ` i want to learn to plant things , '' one young uroch whispered to me .
sparks flew , then the thing shot straight up in the air in an orange arc , making a popping , whistling noise , then it exploded in a cascade of colors .
i did n't have the heart to tell him he looked ridiculous ; he seemed so proud of the dirty , disreputable thing .
` ` it 's stupid , but i ca n't make myself discard the thing . ''
that river would have made a great natural barrier for sectioning off the downtown , except for the fact that steelheart had turned the thing into steel - effectively making it into an enormous highway , though one with a rippled surface .
one pulled out a gun and leveled it at me , but when he squeezed the trigger , the entire thing shattered and turned to dust .
` ` i ca n't believe that they 're still holding the thing . ''
` ` every professor has to send at least one student to the thing , '' melody said .
the thing looked as if it had been drawn , but it did n't stick to the walls or floors like a chalkling .
joel hesitantly leaned to the side and could see that the thing almost disappeared when looked at from that angle .
he paused , then touched the thing .
` ` i ' ve no idea how the thing works .
oh , this stupid thing is taking forever to start up .
` ` the thing runs on blood !
not a nice sight first thing in the morning . ''
` ` only g*y guys wear that sort of thing . ''
` ` why on earth would we invent such a thing ?
the dagger looked like it was probably the most valuable thing .
when the desk blurred in front of my eyes , i grabbed the first thing within reach .
unfortunately i could n't find a thing .
counter , our geography teacher , always wears exactly the same thing . ''
` ` the latest thing from paris .
it was count saint - germain who had discovered how to control time travel by using the chronograph , and he had also given the crazy order for all twelve time travelers to be read into the wretched thing .
if they 're real , i ' m not surprised this thing is kept in a safe . ''
i immediately felt twice as bad , for one thing because of the hooped skirt with its red and white stripes worn over my own uniform ( i looked like one of the traffic cones they put around roadworks and building sites ) , for another because puffylips lost no time in complaining of me : ` ` ... does n't know right from left ... clumsiest creature i ever saw ... not very quick on the uptake ... an impossible task ... stupid thing ... ca n't turn a duck into a swan ... no way she can go to that soiree without attracting the wrong sort of attention ...
i 'd better learn it first thing in the morning just before school .
i 'd feel better myself if i had a thing like that . ''
` ` do i really have to wear that thing ? ''
` ` ah , yes , you 're such a timid , shrinking little thing .
` ` yes , and meanwhile he 'll hack the thing out of the wall himself , '' said xemerius .
shall i just try the thing out ? ''
my lower lip began trembling again , and i dug my teeth into it to keep the stupid thing still .
i ' ve been looking around for a good place to hide that thing . ''
` ` okay , hand the thing over . ''
we ' ad a riding ' abit of ze late eighteenth century , green velvet , and zere was - ah , yes , just ze thing ! -an evening ensemble of 1922 , eau - de - nil silk with a ' at to match and a coat and a ' andbag , tres chic .
out loud , he said , ` ` i 'll wear that green thing i had on yesterday , madame rossini , if i may . ''
` ` zat green thing from yesterday ? ''
` ` that thing has so many different flaps and little compartments , you could easily turn the wrong cogwheel- '' ` ` chronograph studies is one of the exams you have to pass to become an adept , and i did all that ages ago . ''
` ` if anyone comes to steal that thing , i 'll show no mercy .
let 's face it , i ' ve seen this movie enough times that i could do a one - woman show and quote the entire thing .
` ` are you sure this thing is a car ? ''
it would be a hit , '' he says , taking a huge bite after the thing has melted in the oven .
i forgot the thing he calls a car does n't have one of those .
maybe it 's just my perspective , but i have no idea how that thing is going to fit inside me and i can feel myself panicking .
studying the faded cover in an attempt to understand where she might ' ve acquired such a thing .
i hope the whole thing catches fire .
my bones are bandaged in the tight folds of this strange dress , the zipper the only thing holding me together .
` ` you 're so pretty , baby , you 're the prettiest thing i know ... ... '' he was staring hard at me , and i swear , crazy as this sounds , i could feel a surge of electricity connecting us .
it 's this thing my grandma used to make .
laurel was tiny , a speck of a thing , even smaller than bebe , with black hair cut into a bob and gorgeous hazel eyes .
` ` i hit the powerstrip on my computer , unplugged the whole thing and prayed .
` ` i could n't bear to read the whole thing , '' he said in a choked voice .
there was a water - damaged tin picture of himself- the only thing he had to remember what he looked like .
` ` sometimes they build living - world things in places where everlost buildings stand , '' mary said .
it was a bulky iron thing built right into the wall .
as he was wearing a boy scout uniform , nick figured he knew just the thing .
` ` you 'll put out an eye with that thing . ''
if the mcgill opened the cabinet and saw him , he 'd probably hurl the entire thing over the side with nick still in it .
however , like so many in everlost , he fell victim to his own rut , and for reasons no one has ever been able to explain , he did nothing for sixty years but fly the thing back and forth between lakehurst , new jersey , and roswell , new mexico .
if speedo could pilot this thing , then so could she - and she would get back to her children before nick did .
his only hope was that mary 's learning curve when it came to flying the thing had slowed her down .
a big , silver ... thing ... came over the trees , and lowered into an empty soccer field .
the thing was made mostly of chair legs , bicycle tires , and balcony railings -- basically anything this kid could tie together with bits of string .
` ` give him back his brain , or i 'll pull the pin , and shove this thing in your mouth . ''
nick suspected the thing would have fallen if someone had blown on it too hard .
` ` you take that thing and you get it out of atlanta .
the thing was half - eaten , and would stay half - eaten no matter how much the kid licked it .
it was a beautiful thing that matched her lemon chiffon dress .
it was a dainty little upturned thing .
the tree was a live oak -- a knobby thing , with a double trunk full of random twisting limbs .
` ` can you fly this thing ? ''
it was the only thing in the caboose .
in everlost , however , a tomb was only a temporary thing .
this thing was a mansion .
get them to push this thing off of me . ''
this was the real thing : a classic round - topped machine built in the 1950s with lots of chrome and neon - red , yellow , and green - the same colors as their war paint .
` ` i wo n't go near that thing he 's with , '' jill said .
until recently it had n't been much of a statue - a thin , headless , and armless thing on a huge black obsidian base .
the thing looked heavy , it looked complicated .
` ` i like what you ' ve done with the space , '' speedo said , as he walked into mary 's parlor , ` ` and i ' ve found just the thing to make it complete . ''
johnnie - o was at the helm - not because he could fly the thing , for he had never even been in the control room before , but having been trapped aboard for so long while the airship was adrift , it gave him ` ` squatters rights '' to pilot it now .
note to self : locate the thermostat first thing in the morning .
i groan and raise the gnome with my good arm and pull it back , preparing to chuck the thing , when someone stops me .
` ` i 'll feel a lot better after i bust this damn thing , '' i say , trying to pull myself up with no success .
that thing will get you lost . ''
we stopped at getty 's because eddie said their pizza was the only thing that could help me right now .
he calmly returns the desk to its place in the aisle and walks back to the front of his room , grabs his things and leaves .
she was so confident in that thing .
` ` i do n't want you to pack a damn thing .
what you 're wearing when we leave tomorrow night is the only thing you 're allowed to bring .
` ` i wish you 'd take this ugly thing off , '' i say .
i lean against my car door and decide to watch her attempt to navigate that thing around those gnomes .
` ` i 'll feel a lot better after i bust this damn thing . ''
if i come pick you up first thing in the morning , can you go with me to get lake 's jeep and drive it back to ypsi ?
` ` she could have walked into the damn thing , for havens sake . ''
i drew on the blue dress , a demure , work - worn thing , but it was clean and surprisingly not too rough against my skin .
i ' m about the closest thing hill o ' hope has to a mayor . ''
the damn thing had bitten me !
who cares , rogan , just be gettin ' the damn thing and put it in yer pack . ''
the end one i have this thing in the bag.-owen macintosh , day 1 , endurance island : alaska three dugout canoes sat in the middle of the frigid bay , surrounded by a dozen cameras ( and cameramen ) near the shore of the rocky alaskan beach .
the six people in our red team canoe scrambled , the entire thing shaking with our efforts .
no sooner had we made a small fire than we put on a pot of water to boil ( the pot the only thing they 'd left at our campsite for us other than a team flag ) , than clarissa came running up with a gaily wrapped christmas present .
normally i headed out to dunkin ' donuts first thing in the morning , grabbed breakfast , and then opened my laptop up to write .
once again , i was thankful i was inside and voted off instead of roughing the elements with nothing but that crinkly blanket thing .
of course , owen had to show me up and made some sort of ' twice dipped ' biscotti thing that he said was coated with ganache .
she wore some long , filmy thing that grace swore was not a nightgown , but i was n't really convinced .
` ` you pant at me one more time and the next thing that gets ripped away from your body is your dick . ''
` ` this thing is ruining my life ; i ' m certainly not going to use it against anyone else . ''
` ` if you 're talking about how i am able to burn down school buildings , or create tidal waves , or make things explode , then yes , i suppose i do possess a certain set of skills ; but the last thing i wanted was for any of that to happen , '' i folded my arms across my chest and shook my head .
` ` well dances are not really my thing , besides i do n't want to go alone .
all at once , in one final effort to slay me , the cyclone threw me violently into the stone wall and i slid down to the cool cave floor , the blue light glistening off of every single thing in the cave , washing over me , reaching to my soul and infecting me with the color .
she had like this spinning weapon thing made out of broken glass .
i was sure that gabriel 's private plane would resemble something more like a luxury jet than a rinky - dink little thing that putted its way across the atlantic ocean , only kept alive by magic and a ridiculous amount of prayer from me .
` ` whatever dude , just as long as you 're ok with carrying this thing out looking like disco barbie , it 's cool with us , '' xavier teased him and i tried to control my laughter while titus stared down xavier threateningly .
` ` the plan is this , '' i stated , making it sound simple , ` ` we check out the caves , first thing in the morning , and then rescue my brother right after , and then ... . we get the hell out of here ? ''
` ` now you 're sure you know how to fly this thing ? ''
lucan could kill us all first thing in the morning , or we could win this thing and start a new way of life for our people together ... .
` ` i , uh , um ... . it 's the only thing you ' ve given me that is n't some magical tracking device or magic debilitater .
as soon as you got that thing out of you , i could read your thoughts again .
i did n't give him one , but i also did n't think jedrec was going to follow him inside to check on ` ` that thing . ''
` ` well , no , but so far it 's the only thing we ' ve got , '' avalon argued weakly .
now , as lucan walked over to the stage , i realized the entire thing had been cleared and was now surrounded with titans .
right now , the only thing that existed in my life was this wall and until i conquered it , nothing else could matter .
` ` alright , and you 'll leave first thing in the morning , '' i conceded , ignoring the devastating pang of disappointment at being left behind .
we rehearsed the whole thing at the rehearsal the night before .
we built this thing together , we shed blood , sweat and tears ... . together .
her voice was so sweet , so wise , she was every single thing i needed in a girl ... .in a wife .
the only thing she had managed to keep with her was her passport and i d to function in the human world .
i was just another thing in his bag of tricks . ''
i ' m trained to notice the thing that does n't fit , and in this sea of surgically perfected faces , his is a beacon .
i catch a glimpse of something impossibly huge - the same thing i saw before - reflective and bright .
i leave her to it , getting to work hauling open the hatches of the lockers and storage compartments built in all over this thing .
so how did this thing get here ?
it 's edging into late afternoon when he returns carrying his pack in one hand and his shovel , a makeshift thing rigged from a branch and a piece of debris , in the other .
my voice is barely more than a whisper , emerging as a tight and wobbly thing i almost do n't recognize as my own .
there 's no way that thing belongs here . ''
he 's staring at the thing too .
when i finally pry the circuit board 's cover off to find half the circuits missing , it takes me only a few moments to realize the entire thing is useless .
i do n't relish the idea of losing a hand lighting this thing . ''
the thing is still in his hand .
we inspect the canteen , the only other thing we know the whispers have re - created - aside from lilac .
if you touch it , you could bring the whole thing to a fatal collapse . ''
` ` it 's the only thing that would fit under my skirt ! ''
` ` the last time i saw you , you were just a wee little thing .
but just as i grabbed the back of seth 's neck in a firm would - be choke hold , the stupid thing disappeared again .
but the damn thing kept coming back !
my body wrenched as i tried to open my hand and release the stupid thing , but every muscle in my body had tightened and flexed .
i adjusted it to a comfortable position while still swinging it around , but truthfully i felt out of control with this foreign thing .
she smiled , holding up a bronze silky thing in front of caia .
` ` i agree , '' she tut - tutted , and shoved the thing back in the rack and started shuffling through more .
` ` i was actually thinking that if he was going to get me a car he could have gotten me a nice , cheap , old thing . ''
at caia 's warning , marion magiked a whistle out of thin air and started blowing on the damn thing , jumping from one foot to the other .
how much power did she put into the damn thing ? !
chemicals , test tubes ... that sort thing . ''
` ` i have no idea what that thing was that marion gave me . ''
some were made of plastic , others of metal , but the one that caught her eyes was a very kitsch little one on a key ring , the entire thing sparkling with diamantes to resemble how the tower appeared during the lightshow .
` ` hey , that little chocolate cupcake thing was tiny . ''
she 'd hated wearing the thing and could n't wait to see it shredded .
the town helped him rebuild his cabin , and even though it was miles from shore , he insisted on propping the whole thing up on twenty - foot stilts , muttering , ` ` lesson learned , lesson learned . ''
maybe it was a hand - me - down from an older brother , but it looked like the kind of thing you picked up at the salvation army after some kid graduated and his mom cleaned out his closet so she 'd have more room for shoes .
` ` we stared at the thing forever trying to make sense of it .
eureka rose shakily from the couch as cat gathered their things .
she grabbed the first thing her hands found in her closet : the faded green evangeline tracksuit she used to wear to cross - country away meets .
now that sweet and magical thing was dead .
` ` that 's fine as long as you guys do n't mind squishing into this thing .
he took me to a place i did n't think existed and made me feel things i never knew i could .
the leather sofa callie , luke , and i played truth on is the only thing that remains .
` ` get that thing away from me , '' i snapped , batting it aside .
it was probably the nicest thing i 'd ever worn or would wear , and something about seeing the fabric stained and torn made me feel particularly low .
do you know what that thing is ? ''
i could just see the boulders where we 'd spent the night , and i wondered if the light that had kept us alive through the snowstorm had been the very thing that led the darkling to us .
i felt them all as the thing bit deeply into my shoulder .
` ` turn this thing around right now ! ''
he was always thinking of some new thing to build - a contraption for paving roads , a new irrigation system , a boat that could row itself .
a group of grisha tried to seize its muscled legs , but the thing shifted and skittered away from them .
he 'll be back first thing in the morning .
i had the thing memorized .
i ' ve never seen such a stupid thing in my whole life . ''
it was the most delicious thing i had ever eaten .
i sank to the floor on my knees with the doll clasped in my lap as i gazed around the room , my eyes flitting from one thing to the next .
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning , '' ares announced .
he laughs , then says , ` ` hmm , yeah , i was expecting to be up all night with this thing on . ''
i ' ve got the work van but it 's not like i can exactly drive with this thing on - unless you drive . ''
` ` could n't get very far with this thing on . ''
you would smile and laugh like this thing was the best toy in the world .
it was too bright in the dc area now for the thing to be of much use , but back when the house was built , he said , that would n't have been the case .
i could have called and told him to come right back so that i could take the damned thing away from her .
he always wants to see campbell and his other objectivist club buddies first thing after a jump these days .
the thing saul strapped to shaila 's chest must have been an explosive - and i can only assume it was a powerful one since no one , to my knowledge , has been able to connect to chronos since . ''
we 'd know a lot more if we had a copy of their book of prophecy - assuming , of course , that the damned thing actually exists .
` ` so if you took that thing to a cyrist temple , you 're saying that they would see it the way you do ?
` ` so you 're really going to be ... using that thing soon ? ''
` ` or will they not let you read the entire thing ?
i still have n't figured out how to keep the damned thing from overloading the system . ''
` ` me mom always called it a speal - what d'you call it in english , the thing they cut hay with ? ''
he also says they have this new thing by mr . edison that makes pictures move so it looks like you 're watchin ' this guy sneeze , ' cept you 're just lookin ' into this tiny little box .
me granddad give it to him , before he died , along with this round thing that glows .
` ` it 's like the one of me dad 's , the thing i used to send a message to- '' i yanked his arm a bit and he took the hint , but it was too late .
i love the little speckle thing you have in this eye . ''
austen took her places and showed her things she 'd never seen before .
i do n't know why i do n't just open the damn thing .
i ' m not even going to pretend that i know what that thing is .
i pin on my name tag , tie my apron at the back , and grab the plastic tublike thing german points to when i look over .
andrew takes me back out into the hall and opens the closet next to the bathroom to show me the brand - new walker and baby swing and some strange play - gym thing , all still in the boxes they came in .
poor simple - minded uri pankin was nearly stoned to death when he was found in possession of one of the missing girls ' dolls , and only his mother 's weeping and her insistence that she had found the sorry thing on the vestopol road saved him .
but it must be a trick of the light , because in the next second , she laughs in her brittle way and says , ` ` that old thing ?
the rest of the closet has been converted into my own little workshop , stocked with all the things i need for my kit : bottles of dye , sheets of gold leaf and coils of copper , tins of crushed carmine , and jars of pickled berries .
because i am a pretty thing and a soldier all the same .
it is the cutest thing ever and it fits me like it was tailored for me .
` ` finally a use for this ridiculous thing . ''
` ` what is that foolish thing on your neck jesse thomas ! ''
jesse has been breaking into my room at night and rearranging things and this morning he stole one of my paintings and hung it by a makeshift noose on a tree in my backyard . ''
i had to get the entire thing off if this was going to work .
all i could ever want in the entire world was being threatened and i was handicapped by the very thing jesse tried to kill me with .
i heard him shift some things around then close the trunk .
you 'd never get me on that thing .
` ` this thing is probably full of fleas . ''
i thought you got rid of that thing . ''
she had so many traffic violations that they finally towed the thing away . ''
emma bet the whole thing smelled like pee .
she 'd taken little things every time she went in after that : a rap cd , a black jelly bracelet , a department - store sample of chanel no .
` ` gabby and lili bragged about it like it was the coolest thing , like we al had n't done it a mil ion times before . ''
she grappled for something to steady herself , but the only things around her were thin tree branches and razor - sharp cacti .
most of the time , i wear the cartier tank watch my parents got me for my sweet sixteen , but what they do n't know is that i love this cheap thing more .
` ` oh , just some old thing , '' she said vaguely , dropping the key on sutton 's bedside table like she did n't have a care in the world .
add that to the red pen marks that dotted the mannequin 's bare arms , and the whole thing looked like a drunken schoolgirl - gone - goth with a bad case of the chicken pox .
laurel guarded the thing with her life , but maybe there was a way to get her hands on it .
he 'd wanted to come over immediately and only backed down when emma promised him she 'd call him first thing tomorrow ; she could n't risk mr . mercer realizing that ethan knew about him , too .
she reached over to pull sutton 's phone out of her bag , but the whole thing tipped over instead .
she 's playing this ` ` my best friend is missing '' thing to the hilt , crying at the drop of a hat , nervously checking her phone , getting all my parents ' sympathy .
` ` did you set up that dj thing , too ? ''
it 's only my things that are missing : my yellow , floral kate spade makeup bag , which i 'd left strewn , half - open , eyeliners and eyelash curlers spilling all over the round , dark wood table in the dining nook ; my kindle fire , which had been on the table alongside my makeup ; and my mason pearson paddle brush .
` ` you really wanted to ride that thing , huh ?
` ` if you 're looking for a means of transportation , '' she threw back at me , ` ` i ' ve got this really awesome late 80 's honda accord with about 500,000 miles on it we could use '' -i had to keep my expression from grimacing- '' or this other wonderful thing known as public transportation we could make savvy use of too . ''
` ` if you want me to get in that hunk of junk '' -i winced like a bandaid had just been ripped off one of the more tender areas of my body- '' i want you to donate as much money as that thing cost to some charity - any charity - by the end of the week , '' she finished , smirking at me like she had me and was only waiting for me to pick my poison .
` ` something tells me you 'd throw me over your shoulder and tie me to a gold plated chair aboard that thing if i said no , '' she said , giving in to my pulling encouragement .
` ` get your nasty breath out of my face , '' julia said , as things toppled and turned over inside the room like an earthquake was taking place .
` ` there 's your one thing , '' she said , thrusting her hands at where the bottle peeked out of my pocket .
` ` we did n't realize backyards came landscaped and with pools and barbeques and things other than dirt and spotted grass until we got invited over to ty 's parents ' house when i was in kindergarten . ''
` ` i 'll look forward to peppering you with snarky comments first thing in the morning . ''
plus , there 's like fifty feather pillows stacked on this thing for some reason .
i thought i 'd get you a toothbrush , toothpaste , some deodorant , that kind of thing , '' i said , fumbling for words .
` ` if you 're a hardcore paper and pen note taking junkie , then just sell the thing and blow the money on a lifetime supply of notebooks .
you ca n't stalk in that thing .
maybe it was because she knew our time was limited too , or maybe because her lips were the only thing she could touch me with , or maybe because emma was just one hell of a kisser who 'd been playing coy .
` ` if you change your mind though , call me first thing . ''
i ' ve taken those questionnaires on the internet that are supposed to tell you if you 're an alcoholic : do you ever have a drink first thing in the morning to get your day going ?
it gets a little too close to the dry cleaner plastic on one of kevin 's thousand - dollar suits , and the whole thing bursts into flame right next to me .
he 's the one that sends out his minions to hypnotize us with the next new thing .
then , the next thing you know , you end up spending half the day feeling like the antichrist when the fact is you did n't do a thing to hurt a soul .
it looks like the perfect thing to heal all ailments .
anyone would if they could see the way her face beams as she clutches that thing with all her strength .
keeping her head down , she shut the window and shutters and threw his cape over the whole thing .
she 'd cut herself on the damn thing .
` ` one more tower and the whole thing will collapse , '' the crown prince said from his spot on the other side of chaol .
` ` why would he build such a wretched thing ? ''
to her left , a fireplace occupied most of the wall , and as chaol led her farther into the room , celaena tried not to stare at the thing .
` ` how can you stand wearing that enormous thing ? ''
it was n't a tacky , enormous thing , but rather a slender peak with a blue gem embedded in the center - the only jewel in the statue .
a line ran straight through the entire thing .
elena had to have known someone would recognize her amulet - and if this was the real thing ...
` ` why would a pretty thing like that marry a guard ? ''
and in the past ten minutes , he 'd read the thing three times .
chapter 14 celaena absolutely hated that it took a fair amount of courage to enter the royal library after coming upon that ... thing a few nights ago .
maybe this thing would be able to give her some clues as to what was going on in this castle .
maybe he 'd just hit the wall in the wrong spot , and the damn thing was so ancient that it had only been waiting for something like this to happen .
but celaena had seen that thing outside the library .
` ` good , '' celaena said , and drank the entire thing .
all twenty men at the table fell silent , including his father , whose eyes went straight to the thing dangling from celaena 's hand .
sounds like the second thing is hidden in - in a volcano ?
or at the monster : a tall , sinewy thing , but definitely not human .
this thing was too smart , too fast - and too strong , despite its gangly limbs .
then she smiled , a cruel , twisted thing .
and girls ... girls wearing all these things , driving to the same place .
just the thing .
i barely restrained myself tearing the entire thing off .
` ` i promise to admire this later , but this thing has to come off , '' i told her .
rotten fruit was one thing .
the one thing he had thought to grab as he 'd stalked the moles .
` ` what 's the thing ? ''
` ` the thing you brought for me . ''
opera first thing in the morning ?
have that thing off by the time i ' m done packing . ''
` ` why do you wear that thing if it 's broken ? ''
` ` that thing is the least of our worries .
now she just looked at the conglomerate chunk in her hand , wondering why she 'd ever bothered pocketing such an ugly mixed - up thing .
the furthest thing from being a scire .
` ` take this thing off .
he was a rangy little thing .
` ` get this thing off ! ''
she was a wild - eyed thing , but pretty .
whoever 's birthday it is gets pinned down first thing in the morning and roughed up a little .
her marking , the half - finished tattoo that would have established her as an aud , was the ugliest thing she 'd ever seen .
they 're lined up on the plateau outside this segmented thing that 's coiled up like a snake .
` ` i thought he could fly this thing . ''
` ` does this thing have square wheels ? ''
` ` this thing weighs ...
talon had helped her sort through the trunks in perry 's tent , though he had warned her repeatedly that his uncle perry did n't really care very much about those old things .
she stared at it , marveling over the artifact , this thing that had been absent .
oh , well ... as i stand and wait my turn , i put it all together : amy , who had been scribbling on this thing all winter , asking me questions about my life and all , gets it done after we have our falling - out .
there 's a pink dress with pleats that gather below the chest and then a white collar thing and puffy sleeves , then a white apron .
poor , red - nosed thing , snuffling about her mistress and how she warned her not to go off dressed like that and how she was supposed to wait till her mistress got back : ` ` but she never come back , sir , no , she did n't and i fears that somethin ' awful has happened to mistress mary , i do , sir .
three hours into the watch and i ' m wet and bone tired and looking up at that lonely sail quivering up there , stiff and taut under the tremendous pressure of the wind , the only thing keeping us from disaster .
but what 's that big thing in the middle ?
i look at her wake foaming behind us and her decks all clean and gleaming and i think : you lovely , lovely thing .
she points the thing at the amazed captain .
i would have immediately thrown the thing away and given the boys a swift smack for their inattention to their lessons , but the ' mary faber ' caught my eye .
higgins will go with grandfather and mairead to find a suitable place and set things up .
lord knows , she already is the fastest thing ever , but it never hurts to keep pushing - after all that , we posted a guard on her and my crew scattered , to meet back again in the spring .
she 's named the emerald and she 's one hundred and ten feet long , thirty feet in the beam , displaces two hundred and fifty tons , has a crew of thirty - nine , counting me , and is absolutely the most beautiful and graceful thing i have ever seen .
i have to tell him where it is in the bag and he pulls it out , blushing all the while , what with his hand in amongst the lacy things , the smell of frenchy perfume wafting out of the bag and up his nose .
` ` the watch must have been messed up , '' i explain , trying for laid - back , hoping she 'll buy it even though it means i 'll have to run the stupid thing again next week .
i was always the first in my class to master the multiplication tables and memorize the fifty states , that kind of thing .
` ` i do n't know how to get off this thing . ''
i like to hit the runs first thing in the morning after a new snow , so i can carve my own path through the fresh powder .
you 're lucky we could n't find any real whalebone for this thing . ''
` ` get me out of this thing . ''
` ` like clara 's hair thing , right ?
i find it ironic that angela and wendy are both going to prom and the only thing we ' ve bought so far on this trip is a dress for me .
` ` does this thing have air - conditioning ? ''
he 's wearing the same thing he was on the train , a white dress shirt and khaki trousers , but the shirt is unbuttoned , open , revealing an expanse of smooth brown chest .
poor defenseless thing , he adds silently , which makes me snicker .
` ` you know how you said angela could make herself have the vision by walking in that thing at the church ?
he has one hand in the pocket of his long leather coat , and i wonder if he 's fingering the bracelet i gave him , my mother 's bracelet , the only thing he has left of her .
i ate the whole damn thing methodically , without enjoying it .
this girl was the farthest thing from a cheating , dishonest base wife .
i loved the soft yarns , the tiny booties , and the idea that some of my items were the first thing that a new human being ever wore .
after an hour , that 's the heaviest f**king thing you ' ve ever held . ''
he pulled both cords and the chute remained stubbornly closed , an innocuous backpack - looking thing .
he threw the entire thing at jerry , who stumbled back at the weight .
maybe i could ' ve had sex with him , or maybe i would ' ve just stayed away because then i would n't be reduced to this cold , trembling , little girl thing on the floor of my condo .
what i currently had going was a lumpy mess with loose stitches creating a misshapen thing that looked like a geometry test gone wrong .
in my dreams , the stupid thing was perfectly created , but that did n't matter as much as sam hugging it to her chest and then stripping down to her birthday suit and begging me to take her hard .
he checked his watch , a big black thing with many dials .
` ` are you saying i ' m the best - looking thing in the entire city ? ''
this thing is totally full .
i can still hear the whistle as the f**ker swung the thing through the air . ''
bo and i had had the entire thing bound at the copy center , and it looked so professional with its glued edge and clear acrylic cover .
besides , if i honestly quoted brandon , this thing would look like a cops transcript .
i walked to the door , and as i did , i had to step over that weird pillow thing mr . hall had strapped to his body .
the pain had crowded up so much of my mind that i had n't heard david 's dodge pull up alongside me , which meant i had been really out of it , because that thing had to have a hole in the muffler or something .
` ` i ' m not cheating on ryan , i do n't have a thing for david , and i was sick yesterday .
there are questions woven into that thing that alert the ephors to people who have mage potential . ''
miss annemarie 's and the dixie bean were probably the only things open , but there was no one on the sidewalks , and no sign of the little group that had just left the theater .
still , when he said , ` ` pres , you wan na come upstairs and work on that thing with me ? ''
` ` so maybe this thing needs skin - onskin contact .
even in november , things were still green and blooming .
but i 'd seen david blast her with that lightning thing , seen waves of power crash over her and all of the girls .
the only thing we ca n't use is animal brain tissue .
he looks at the shark tattoo staring at him from the forearm ; that tiger shark even uglier than the real thing .
although he was n't too thrilled to be running the place like a boot camp , the admiral had already set things up as a military dictatorship .
` ` so you had no clue how long the thing was without power , and you still served the food inside ? ''
like maybe he 's going to pull out an ax and chop the thing off right in front of everyone .
` ` get that thing away from me !
connor hits the bag so hard , and so much , it 's a wonder the thing does n't burst .
he invites connor to join him in his plush , air - conditioned limo , and they sit idling on the runway like the thing could sprout wings and take off at any given moment .
he goes into the living room in time to see a man pull down a curtain rod and turn to him - it 's the closest thing to a weapon the man can find on such short notice .
he does n't even know how to fire the thing .
lev , who woke up the second they hit the thing , says nothing .
they slapped this thing on while i was in a coma . ''
he has to stop because the thing rings out like a bell with each kick , and he knows people can probably hear it for miles .
she does n't have to do any more than that : just hold the thing up .
` ` i want to come , '' he tells her , and finds that it 's not just posturing - he does want to go back to the compound on molokai , the closest thing to home that he knows .
she had a mean temper and a thing on her face the size of dog turd .
anyway , i use it only when someone has patience and can actually appreciate the thing . ''
i know a thing or two that could help . ''
that roll thing has replaced the rather cumbersome bustle in female fashion and i rather like it - it adds a bit of jauntiness to my tail without getting in the way .
to begin with , how came you by that very interesting thing on your neck ? ''
` ` now , jacquelina , you must take the muller to it , '' he says , and he grasps a thing that looks like a squat potato masher , except that the handle , sticking up from its back , is off center .
i put my hand on the handle and attempt to move the thing around like amadeo did , but it does not move .
this thing must weigh half as much as i do !
then my nose starts to itch and i can not scratch the bloody thing .
` ` pretty little thing you have there with you , boy , '' one says in french .
` ` a gentle thing , a flower , '' he goes on .
we have just come from mass , had lunch , and since there is no work of an artistic nature to do , i thought a nice bath would be just the thing , and i was right .
like that thing that just went over the side ?
the only thing better would be those teeny tiny reese 's cups .
` ` are you sure you know how to use this thing ? ''
i had to sit on that thing .
even when she was a tiny thing , she always buddied up with the most unpopular kid in the class . ''
i picked up one , popping the whole thing in my mouth .
i had the thing on my little schooner the nancy b. alsop when we were detached to return to boston , and since no one was here to claim it , i stashed it , under cover of night , of course , deep in the hold of the lorelei lee .
the youngest of them is mary wade , a small scrap of a thing and all of ten years old , condemned to death for the stealing of a shawl .
` ` she 's been ' ere since ' 04 , and ' t is wonder that she 's still alive , poor thing , and ' as still got a part o ' her mind left .
higgins , do we have such a thing aboard ? ''
` ` ah , that thing leaning against the wall ?
` ` pretty thing , she is , '' says mick , eyeing mairead as he leaves to get the hot water for her bath .
she laughs as she follows me up to climb into a boxlike thing , gaily decorated , of course , like everything else in this glorious land .
good lord , there must be at least a thousand of them , in the rigging or leaning over the rail of the thing , waving gleaming swords and howling for our blood .
i had not realized the sheer size of the thing before , but i do now .
there is a ladderlike thing that is attached to the side of the ship , and men clamber down it and rough hands reach for us and we are dragged onboard .
then i throw the vile thing over the side and she runs to her man and wraps her arms about him .
i mean , cheng shih would have had some pretty expert divers working on this thing .
there you are , you sweet thing .
i did n't have a thing to wear .
i can not believe how much i wanted to just pull that damn thing off of her and take her right there against the wall .
it was the coolest thing i 'd ever seen .
i looked over at her and she looked tired , poor thing must be emotionally exhausted .
he called me first thing every morning because he wanted to be the first person i heard each day .
` ` jeff and i try to get in a run and a workout first thing each day .
but jeff here ... .. he can ride that thing like he grew up in the damn rodeo ! ''
i had gotten into the habit of calling gunner by his real name first thing every morning .
jason really , i ' m a big girl i think i 'll be fine ... ... it 's just going to be ellie and gunner and me ... ... .. i ' m not one hundred percent sure if jeff is going ... ... .. his grandparents ranch ... ... .. yep just for a like four or five days i think ... ... .he is helping his grandfather fix a few things around their ranch ... ... .. okay well have fun hiking ... ... ... yep you to ... ... bye ... ... . '' i looked over at ellie as i poured a cup of coffee .
` ` well are n't you the prettiest thing i have ever laid eyes on next to emma here . ''
i had no problem with it and when ari said she would love for him to join us , jeff got up and pushed his chair back so fast the damn thing fell over .
` ` i need to tell drake that the battery needs replacing in this thing .
i made sure to give ari an earful first thing this morning when we woke up and i told her what happened with gunner the night before .
i thought he felt big when i took him in my hand in the river at the ranch but seeing it ... .holy hells bells how the f**k would that thing ever fit in me ?
gesh , second day in a row she had hightailed it out first thing in the morning .
not first damn thing in the morning .
even with that damn pink cast she had on she was still the sexiest thing i had ever laid eyes on .
i looked down and still could not believe that thing fit in me !
oh that bitch was smart to get that f**king thing .
poor thing was going to have a nut - case for a mother .
if i hear about her and that baby one more time , i ' m taking off this ring , and that will be the last thing i throw at your ass . ''
i ' m sure ellie is wonders what the hell is wrong with me , and emma ... well , um ... she needs that thing from town , '' i said .
we need to run into town to pick up that thing for emma , '' i said as i gave heather a pleading look .
the whole restraining order ... i 'll drop it first thing monday morning .
poor thing seems like she was scared to death .
we got this thing .
` ` i sure as hell hope this thing does n't get infected . ''
i smiled , thinking about how i would be under that thing in just a few hours .
i saw the smile spread across jeff 's face , and i knew he bought that thing just to piss off my father .
hottest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen .
he looked up at me and said , ` ` this thing goes potty .
she could n't wait to get off the damn thing .
she swallowed , eyeing this weird black patty thing .
mhairi nudged her with her elbow , pointing at the weird black patty thing .
and have you seen the stairs inside that damn thing .
princes street at night on a cold winter 's day is the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
now her other shoulder was killing her because of that damn thing .
i crawled onto the branch , hoping like hell the thing would n't snap .
` ` dude , i ' m the one who said douse the thing with lighter fluid .
the thing with crystal ?
i took it slowly , hoping the thing was really as heavy as it looked .
my first instinct was to open the dumb thing and jump inside .
at this moment , that key card is the luckiest thing in the world .
she 's wearing this little tank - top thing that shows a whole lot of skin .
she 's wearing a pair of short shorts and another little tank top thing and man is it hard not to stare at her .
` ` you tore the whole thing apart , jay . ''
i have the thing practically put all the way back together , i ' ve been so in the zone .
i ' m praying the dumb thing will work .
a couple seconds later , the thing comes to life .
we just jump off this thing when we 're ready , or what ? ''
i considering beating on my chest , but figure it might be a little overkill since the thing was probably made for kids .
a shirt that dips down in the front and has some tie thing below her br**sts , but somehow it 's different .
brandi picks up a rock and starts slamming it against the padlock , as if that will somehow magically unlock the thing .
` ` it 's nothing , '' he says irritably before opening a can of beer and chugging the entire thing .
i clear my throat again , then unfold the thing and peek inside .
obviously she 's clueless to the fact that i never opened the thing .
instead , i stared at the damn thing for what seemed like forever .
i almost wish i had n't read the thing .
i do n't think my blow - up bed will fit very well in this thing . ''
he unscrewed the top of the jar and poured what was in it into the end of the long trumpet thing .
why were you poking that long trumpet thing into the goochey children 's bedroom and then blowing through it ? '
the bfg flung open a massive cupboard and took out the weirdest - looking thing sophie had ever seen .
he ran across to the other side of the cave and grabbed the long trumpet thing , the one he had been carrying when sophie had first seen him in the village .
there it lay , this small oblong sea - green jellyish thing , at the bottom of the jar , quite peaceful , but pulsing gently , the whole of it moving in and out ever so slightly , as though it were breathing .
' if they do n't have a lord mayor , get me the next best thing . '
we 'll be out of your hair first thing in the morning . ''
he reached into his jerkin and he took out the thing that he had carved .
' same thing , ' said the older woman .
i felt the edge of something hard with the tip of my forefinger , put the middle finger on the other side of it , choking myself , clamping the thing between them , and i pulled whatever it was out of my throat .
i gasped for breath , and then i half vomited on to my bedsheets , threw up a clear drool flecked with blood , from where the thing had cut my throat as i had pulled it out .
i did not look at the thing .
lettie knocked the thing i was holding out of my hands , and it fell to the ground , where it collapsed into itself .
i should have left at that moment , should have run away , fled down the lane the mile or so to the hempstocks ' farm , but i did n't , and then a taxi took my mother away to dicksons opticians , where she would show people letters through lenses , and dispense things to help them see more clearly , and i was left there with ursula monkton .
i dried myself off with a towel they brought me , the fire 's heat drying me as much as the towel did , then lettie hempstock returned and gave me a voluminous white thing , like a girl 's nightdress but made of white cotton , with long arms , and a skirt that draped to the floor , and a white cap .
i watched old mrs hempstock reel the thing in , and i was still unable , somehow , to entirely make sense of what i was seeing .
the old woman gave an expert flick of her wrist , and then the glistening thing was dangling from her needle ( i found myself thinking now not of mercury , but of the silvery slime trails that snails leave in the garden ) , and it no longer went into my foot .
ginnie hempstock produced an empty jam jar , and the old woman put the bottom of the dangling thing into it , then raised the jar to hold it .
she passed the jam jar to ursula monkton , who reached inside it and pulled out the translucent thing that had once been a hole in my foot .
' yes , and you ' ve cleaned the thing you came for .
this was my father , not some waxwork thing that the hunger birds had made to lure me out .
did n't need to take you along for company , silly thing .
the first time reginald archer saw the thing , it was , in its simplicity , absolute .
conceive of the whole thing , man and room in combination , to be a flawless example of the sort of styled perfection that only large amounts of money , filtered through generations of confident privilege , can produce .
` ` forgive me for not rising , but if i take my eyes off this thing or even blink , the whole - oh , god damn it ! ''
the three looked down at the thing with reflectful expressions .
he stooped down , surprisingly graceful for a man of his size , and , pulling a pencil from his pocket , poked at the thing .
there was a longish pause , and then his voice called from another room : ` ` i ca n't get the blasted thing off its mounting ! ''
he turned to faulks who was pointing at the thing on the wall like some loyal bird dog .
curious , he had circled above it - and had abruptly realized that the thing was hollow , riddled with rectangular holes .
the thing he brought back was thirty feet long , had vestigial batlike wings , breathed fire , and did n't look very much like the illustration ; but it was as close as anything he 'd found .
i waited for matthew to notice that the conversation was getting strange , that it might be a nice time to leave , that we were loitering in a small room with a man who had just defaced a museum exhibit with some paper and glue and a thing that , in the best light , would still look like a fish stranded in the desert ; but matthew was looking at the thing next to the platypus , checking it for seams .
up close , the thing looked like no one could possibly have made it .
and she prays to jesus , and she 's sooo holy that the wooden cross around her neck turns back into a tree , and it puts its roots into the ground through the dragon guy thing , and its branches bust him open and he dies , and out she comes ! ''
and they were off , screeching and giggling , gilla doing her best to stay upright in her new wedgies , the first thing even close to high heels that her parents had ever let her wear .
there 's no guarantee she 'll play fair , but her kind of thing loves games and challenges . ''
coraline reached out her left hand , scared that if she took her eye off it it would vanish , and she fumbled for the burning thing .
as she got closer to the thing on the wall , she saw that it was some kind of a sac , like a spider 's egg case .
the thing had two large black buttons where its eyes should have been .
the pale thing was telling her the truth .
` ` you 're just a thing she made and then threw away . ''
these things - even the thing in the cellar - were illusions , things made by the other mother in a ghastly parody of the real people and real things on the other end of the corridor .
these things - even the thing in the cellar - were illusions , things made by the other mother in a ghastly parody of the real people and real things on the other end of the corridor .
the thing smelled like battery acid and moldy bread , and besides that , i too easily recalled all the problems alcohol had caused my dad .
sexiest thing i 'd ever seen , let me tell you .
the round thing in its hands now had hands of its own - clock hands , tick , tick , ticking away .
after i unfolded the thing , i could only gape .
cole had no idea how i had done it or who the author could be and had asked me to hand the entire thing over to his father for further study , but i 'd refused .
mackenzie popped to her feet , leaned over and flattened her hands on the table , rattling the entire thing .
i 'd already learned how to take the thing apart , put it back together and load the magazine .
he 'd aimed for the zombie snarling and biting at him ; i 'd stepped in to help , and , with a single touch , ashed the only thing shielding my body from his strike .
i made a mental note to contact her first thing in the morning .
actually , the thing could withstand a military invasion .
the rough - and - tumble bronx held the thing in place , his feet planted firmly on the floor .
` ` do you know how to use this thing ? ''
i checked into the shirt thing .
` ` i gave you a chance to put that thing away .
he fisted the hem of my mine , and the next thing i knew , the entire thing was being tossed over his shoulder .
we hit the floor , and i grabbed the first thing my fingers found and shoved it into his neck .
as the guards scrambled to catch me , i grabbed the second thing my fingers found and shoved it into my pocket .
i sat with that thing for hours , getting nowhere , thinking about the numbers and the symbols , about what they could mean , rolling them around in my head , and finally , all of a sudden , the words began to clear .
he always wore the same thing .
you 'd bring it to school in your blue thermos and drink the entire thing before the first bell rang . ''
after class , i gathered my things and walked with purposeful strides across the manicured lawns .
it was the only thing i took with me to juvie .
after she sold her house and shop in virginia and moved to key west , she brought the damn thing with her .
` ` she has some cute things , '' my mother mentioned , doing the nosy parent thing and totally looking at all of the little knickknacks that covered ashley 's desk .
we 'll get them to worksop first thing in the morning , but the sheriff will be looking for blood , so we need to have someone keeping watch . ''
` ` what was the first thing you stole ? ''
it wrenched with an awful noise , and the whole thing shattered , throwing chunks to the ground and leaving rough pieces hanging on the hinge .
it were an awful expensive thing , and it felt like soft moss beneath my hand .
the princess 's dress were meant for it , and yet it might see a washing or two before the thing was cast aside .
in my eyes , it looked like all he did were jiggle a bit and the whole thing sprang open like he 'd set a key to it .
godfrey went to a sack of flour and could bare heft the thing .
it were terrible hard work to load the thing up , especially where only one of my hands worked and i got shouted at when i tried to use the bad one , and much had a stump for only a bit more use than me .
he jerked hard and the thing tore .
` ` mom and dad could n't have known we 'd end up sticking our coins in that pyramid thing . ''
the thing was frozen solid , as if dipped in liquid nitrogen .
fearing it might be toxic , jake flung the whole thing out into the other room .
` ` i still do n't know why you had to bring that thing with you , young lady . ''
` ` i ' m not flying in that thing .
before jake could fathom what she intended to do with the slimy thing , her fingers tossed the slug at his face .
unable to get to his own crystal in time , jake grabbed the only thing he could .
she 's practically an orphan , poor thing . ''
poking for specifics , and then she 'd want me to do this favor and pick up that thing , and her lisping requests would be a nagging footnote to the trip .
i mean , you ca n't find one thing in america that 's made by americans anymore , am i right ?
that thing was too goddamn heavy , and about as useful as a trapdoor on a canoe .
she 'd bought me a fluffy robe and towels and all these sweet hotel - y guest things .
she is a plain thing .
he is a sweet thing with unblinking amber eyes , and what aunt does n't know of his presence wo n't hurt her .
it 's sort of a datebook , sketchbook , journal type of thing . ''
the takeout was lined up buffet - style , lids off , but nobody had touched a thing .
when i got in the car , i checked in with my phone and saw i had five more vips ( juniors , not seniors , but still ) asking if this thing was on .
he did n't envision this thing as belonging to alex or jess .
the tab on this thing feels endless .
when kids got caught taking even the smallest thing , the penalties were harsh , especially as you got older .
` ` it was the first thing mr . stott got for me , '' lindy explained .
let 's go see if we can open this thing . ''
` ` that thing was heavy , '' chris said , stretching his arms .
nate put the whole thing in his mouth .
he can store and release mechanical energy inside his body - jump with the force of fifty jumps , that sort of thing .
it had been harsh to tease him about something he could n't control , but jace had been doing the thing to twitch .
he 's amazing with that thing . ''
` ` it 's the first thing i ever bought .
we knew this thing was powerful .
` ` like it comes from inside this thing . ''
` ` i 'd try to pry it open with my rope , but this thing is too solid . ''
how can - never mind - you poor thing !
this thing was fast .
the thing was wrapped around his leg .
somebody needs to recalibrate that thing . ''
think about where that velvet and lace came from - the velvet from the port in meah , the lace from melisande , the thread that holds the whole thing together from a spinner in fenharrow .
with all the things she had done , all the places and things and people she had seen , she had to say no .
celaena took up the spot that luca had already vacated at the end of the table , passing the giant hearth as she did so - a mammoth thing of ancient stone , carved with symbols and odd faces .
a dagger hung from his left hand , as if he 'd been idly tossing the damn thing in the air while she lay in her own filth .
she might have roared about using specifics to escape his bargain to bring her to doranelle , but when his eyes met hers again , he seemed to say , that thing should not have been there .
she should take the damn thing off .
his father had made that thing they 'd fought in the library catacombs - that monstrous thing that had seemed human .
his father had made that thing they 'd fought in the library catacombs - that monstrous thing that had seemed human .
from the way his tan skin paled beneath his tattoo , the way he gritted his teeth , she knew that it rankled his immortal pride not to know what this thing was .
she did n't want her magic touching this thing , with or without rowan 's command .
but she would - she was going to burn these things into ash and dust .
my parents seemed to think if i did n't use it for those two months , the thing would liquefy and run out my ears .
idly i wondered why kian had bought the thing .
it just ... '' i could n't explain it , but it felt as if the thing were alive on my wrist and operating independently of me , like it might , someday , force my right hand to do things i did n't want .
just because the thing had stopped banging , it did n't mean it was n't there .
it was half past midnight when davina drunkenly suggested we try the bloody mary mirror thing .
` ` the thing ... and the candle . ''
` ` then there was the thing you claimed you did n't see at my house , '' jen went on .
davina 's place was warm and inviting , full of crafty things like handmade pillows and throws .
the thing only comes off if i die or wedderburn removes it . ''
the cold one touched a metal wand to the wristband and the thing fell off like a dead insect .
a spoon , a lighter , a small plastic baggie that holds this stuff that looks almost like brown sugar , a thin piece of cotton , a half a bottle of water , a big rubber band thing , and a needle and syringe that she probably stole from the stash i use to give myself insulin shots .
she 's a tiny little thing and he has to lean down a little to reach her .
her red and black hair is swept to the side and has this sexy wave thing going on .
the only thing i can find is what looks like an insulin monitor thing with a strip sticking out of it and also a pen - shaped object .
the only thing i can find is what looks like an insulin monitor thing with a strip sticking out of it and also a pen - shaped object .
she grabs her ipod off the dock on the desk , the last thing left in her room .
if you want i 'll take kayden 's old one , but i ' m not going to make you sleep on that filthy thing . ''
my teddy bear is the only thing that seems to be comforting me but it seems like at any moment it 's going to vanish from my hands .
it 's the sexiest god damn thing i ' ve ever seen ...
` ` no , i had the taste of tequila on my breath and this is the only thing i had in the room that 'd cover it up . ''
` ` aunt hannah , it 's been two years since they found the thing .
of course , ellie had n't brought a thing down the mountain other than her little hello kitty daypack .
she was n't exactly sold on how stable the thing was either .
he held her gaze for a long moment , then said , ` ` best jack a round into the chamber before you safety that thing . ''
like to pitch the thing . ''
that chosen thing , too - what was that about ?
` ` i ' ve had that thing for years . ''
` ` this thing weighs a good ten pounds .
the thing dangling from the tree was a body , but it was not human .
the thing hung from a noose like some weird imitation of a scarecrow .
and because the girl was so close , alex also got a very good look at that corn knife , a wicked thing that was crusted with gore and as long as the kid 's forearm .
this thing does n't turn on a dime .
slash 's shotgun rifle clattered , and alex had just a second to think how lucky she was the thing had n't gone off .
with its rough grid of vertical shafts and horizontal tunnels , broken up by cartoonish balloons where the biggest chambers were located , the thing did remind tom of a glorified ant farm .
bick for all his skill and his weird potions filched from arcane books on herbal medicines , mushrooms , and folk magic , there was n't a damn thing kincaid could do .
some jew thing , but it was pretty good . ''
hannah said the charm , some weird amish or german magic thing , would protect her from evil or sad thoughts .
leave and roll the slider back into place and shut up the death house and stick her fingers in her ears - la - la - la - la , i ca n't hear you - and pretend she had n't seen a darned thing .
her problem was that the silly thing did n't want to go anywhere .
damn thing got stiff if he did n't remember to keep moving the joint .
greg wondered if she even knew how to fire the thing .
` ` take the damn thing before i accidentally break it on purpose . ''
how many bullets did that thing hold ?
come on , get that thing in there , get it over his tongue , get it- '' ` ` i got it . ''
` ` leave the thing with a father 's face , '' jess said .
peter had this vintage thing he 'd refitted with a fiberglass hull .
you know , where nicolas cage and everybody else is trapped on this big square thing ? ''
because the only thing out there worth blowing was the church .
the thing was a cannon .
a hand appeared , and then an arm , following by the hump of a shoulder ... and ellie watched as the girl , a spidery , slinky thing , emerged - with a big honking knife .
luke used to hate how much that cat shed , but now he really missed the dumb thing , not to mention his parents .
who knew when this thing was going to blow ?
plastic , from the electrical tape ; the steel of the alarm clock ; a gunpowder aroma from that lead - colored thing , so a detonator or blasting cap or whatever - and something else , something vital that tugged at memory .
` ` -and that was the only clue chris had that this thing once had been a woman .
that silly thing 's got nothing to do but twirl and twirl , although lizzie loves the little brass nib that trips a hidden compartment .
god , i knew we should ' ve found a way to destroy that thing , because it 's never little with you , frank .
then how do you explain that ... that thing in our attic ?
wow , it took her three whole days to figure out how to turn that thing off .
of course the darned thing would be rare as hen 's teeth , but they assured her that she would outgrow it : do n't you worry your pretty little head about it .
the sight of big earl standing over casey with that switch of whippy ash ; the whickering sound that damn thing made as it cut the air ... something in eric just broke .
was that thing still on the sled ?
` ` the peculiars ... all that stored energy , i 'd hoped it would be enough to take out the mirror , but i did n't stop to think that your father had already opened the gateway ; he 'd bound that thing and ... my god , i ' ve only given it more fuel . ''
how much you think this thing holds ? ''
casey had n't wanted the thing , but his was shredded , cut to ribbons by big earl 's switch , and blood - soaked to boot .
the thing was a little better now , but that was n't saying much , all things considered .
which , of course , was crazy ; the thing was just a dead man 's shirt .
now , the damn thing actually fit casey like a second skin .
probably just as well ; with all that spilled gas from the van - and how much had that thing held , anyway ? -strike a match or light a flare , and they might end up barbecued .
do n't aim that thing at anyone unless you 're going to shoot .
` ` come on , ease up , you got a death grip on this thing .
but this thing was ginormous , much too big - and wrong , too .
exactly like when i read the bell jar this past summer ; felt that damn thing coming down , trapping me like a lightning bug under a jelly glass .
so how are they heating this thing ?
` ` come on , emma , you thought that thing down cellar was a door . ''
they 'll tie me up in that thing .
hit that thing at the wrong angle or any faster , she might have broken her wrist .
what if this was all house 's doing and just one more thing she was being shown for whatever reason ?
he pulled out a thing ... or the thing got into him . ''
i ' m not touching that thing . ''
there 's nothing magical about that , and no matter how special your dad 's parchment or ink , there are no words in this thing . ''
and this thing is only bits of cloth and glass sewn into pretty pat- ` ` patterns , '' she said , her breath suddenly balling midway between her chest and mouth as her eye fell on something she recognized and knew she should n't .
casey had n't told rima - there 'd been no time - but he 'd recognized that thing , with its bulbous body of writhing tentacles , that bristly maw , those myriad mad eyes .
` ` that was n't just the thing your dad pulled through the mirror ? ''
she 's run her hands over that thing a dozen times , searching for a hidden catch or knob that might release the rolltop .
` ` i have nothing against guns , but i never liked that thing . ''
the heavy stock batted the thing from his shoulder , and it tumbled , pincers flailing .
cursing , he ground the thing into paste .
` ` but rima 's just a slip of a thing , and not very strong .
but this thing did have powers .
` ` you ever clean this thing ? ''
i studied the thing , realizing they were magnets she 'd put on and that there were wires snaking from the center of the sculpture to the bulb , making it a mini - generator .
i stood , holding the binoculars case - the first thing i could grab - in front of me as i crossed to shake hands with him .
seeing it again was a huge relief , because the truth was that it did n't look much like the real thing at all .
` ` your dad is n't here to provide for you , '' he said , fingering the thing in his hand , a wrinkled envelope .
had to come back first thing this morning ? ''
chapter 27 i found zander by his locker first thing monday morning .
his gown hung limp and crooked and i was glad that at least i 'd gotten to see demetria out of that pathetic thing .
it goes with me everywhere , probably the best thing to pick me out with . ''
reluctantly i scanned the obits that lucas had dropped in front of me first thing in the morning .
we were the young , hip thing to see in a nashville dive on a saturday night .
i yanked the torn pages from him , folded them inside the notebook , and shoved the whole thing back into his chest .
i dragged my backpack - the only thing i 'd brought from minnesota - to my side of the car .
she wore scrunchy leggings and some kind of smocky - tunic thing made out of canvas or linen or something monklike .
` ` but that thing 's not coming out of the case .
his smile was the most brilliant thing in the place .
i made a thing , isabel ! ''
there was nothing in my head except for the knowledge that i had to drive this thing tomorrow , so i did n't smash out the windows or the headlights or anything that might keep it off the road .
` ` i think it is probably the only kosher thing here , '' i replied testily .
it was a pretty blue flowered thing , too light for the season , really , and still a little damp .
she looked back at cole , and her mouth became a thin , hard thing .
i ' m only going to have a second before this thing falls , '' sam said .
i had that toxic combination of not enough sleep and too much wakefulness pumping through me , so it took me longer than i would ' ve thought to make it out to the hallway and then another moment to remember where the bathroom was , and when i got there , i had no hairbrush and no toothbrush and the only thing i could find to wear was one of sam 's t - shirts with a logo on it from a band i did n't recognize .
cole unplugged the coffeepot and brought the entire thing over to the floor where i was .
heady stuff first thing in the morning . ''
now , cole dangled this tempting thing in front of sam , this thing he wanted more than anything , along with the thing that he wanted the least .
park that thing someplace my parents wo n't see when they wake up .
it was just a simple thing : thin straps up over the shoulders , a loose tie round the middle .
even from here , i could smell wolf : nerves and damp forest floor and growing spring things .
what 's that thing called - that doorstop of a book ?
the thing was probably one of the first books the crooked shelf had stocked .
finally , she said , ` ` you made another bird thing . ''
then i went to the kitchen and got the first thing i could see - a bagged loaf of bread - and returned to the back door .
it had been the first thing that i 'd bought when my first big check came in , and , in the irony of the century , i 'd been on tour too much to ever drive it .
karyn went on , ` ` i do remember the last thing he bought , because it was n't a biography , and i was surprised .
this was the only thing he got for his birthday .
` ` better move that thing if you do n't want me to back over it , '' culpeper called as he slapped the driver 's door shut , and the three of us rushed forward to pull victor 's body off the driveway , right before the suv 's engine roared and he backed out .
ralph , use that thing to tell them to stop shooting things . ''
i am lowly in this world , and yet not lowly enough for me to be just a thing to you , dark and shrewd .
i do n't want to stand before you like a thing , shrewd , secretive ... .i had known that the heat would n't change him back to human .
it 's the sort of thing i 'd never use on corr - it would only make him irritable and uncertain , and in any case , we know each other better than that .
but i eat the entire thing , and by the time i get to the end of it , i ' ve stopped shivering .
now the only thing between me and everyone else will be a few pints of beer .
there 's only one thing on that beach that 's black - and - white .
she 's a fine - legged thing for a capall uisce , and when she steps , her head bobs just a bit when her left rear hoof touches the ground .
and the fence itself is not the youngest thing on the island , so , really , it could creak anywhere there 's a joint .
i cleaned the whole bloody thing !
` ` how is it you 're thinking you 'll stop me with that wee thing ? ''
you know the first thing to go if we do n't have it ?
it sits behind the stable and is a big , grand old thing .
it is a na**d thing , just wide - open ceiling and a little drawing - room table against the wall .
adam continued , ` ` that thing with blue .
` ` i ' m more bewildered about why you 're here , since you specifically told me you had stolen my things and run away to west palm springs . ''
he held the dream thing beside the cow 's face .
she said , slowly , as if he was an idiot , ` ` when he was here looking for this stupid thing for you .
` ` you 're a queer little thing , '' jesse dittley decided .
blue , could you help me get this thing out of the car ? ''
plucking the thorn free , his father regarded adam , this thing he had made .
only it had been one thing to do it while noah threw things about .
the only thing piper could find was fad exercise classes and hairless dogs .
then he said , ` ` ronan , did you bring your dream thing ? ''
ronan unslung his bag , carefully unwrapping his dream thing from the now rather manky polar fleece .
ronan waited with the dream thing , eyes averted .
it was formed of pure white , featureless plastic , almost ludicrously lacking in detail : a plane - shaped thing .
now blue knew what this thing was .
` ` you 're going to find that thing for me , and when you do , you 're going to give it to me .
let me see this thing . ''
what good is all your privilege , you soft , spoiled thing , if you ca n't stand on your own legs ?
like it was a shadow , and then it was a thing .
and it did seem like the sort of thing that would be brought along to bury with a king .
would you say that this thing is a box ? ''
good heavens , man , would you watch where you 're carrying that thing !
she must have known she was a dream thing .
it was the most expensive thing he had ever owned , a month 's wages translated into worsted wool .
i ' m going to pop the trunk and you 're going to scrape that thing into it .
ronan snatched the metal of the thing .
he lifted his dream thing : a framed diploma .
he had n't stolen chainsaw , the truest thing he 'd ever taken from a dream .
he had brought her two things : a daisy chain crown , which he somberly placed on her head , and a pink switchblade , which he handed to her .
hand me that other thing you ' ve got there . ''
` ` well , i will break the damn thing myself if i find you using it again . ''
it seemed to be the only thing inside the handbag .
in this case , the na**d party was not a person , but a thing : gansey 's bed , nothing but two mattresses on a bare metal frame , sitting baldly in the middle of the room , barely made .
even if the content had n't immediately caught her , the feel of the thing would have .
also , it 's taking him forever to find this thing .
` ` if you get caught with that thing - '' but gansey could n't think of a suitable threat .
calla had an uncanny ability to hold an object and sense its origin , feel its owner 's thoughts , and see places the thing had been .
it was not exactly what she 'd have expected an aglionby boy to drive - they liked new , shiny things , and this was an old , shiny thing - but it was clearly a raven boy 's car nonetheless .
it was not exactly what she 'd have expected an aglionby boy to drive - they liked new , shiny things , and this was an old , shiny thing - but it was clearly a raven boy 's car nonetheless .
keep that thing quiet .
she asked , ` ` is this thing safe ? ''
next time he gets in my face , i let you find this thing on your own .
` ` and of course you have an electromagnorific button thing .
` ` is this thing safe ? ''
adam was again struck by how out of place this clearly man - made thing was in the middle of these trees .
` ` but remember that thing does n't have a point on it .
it was full of the things one would expect to find in a smith 's shop - anvil , furnace , wrought iron firedogs for holding wood - but was also cluttered with cabinetry and farming equipment .
` ` what are you planning to do with that thing anyway ? ''
it seemed like the sort of thing that should be displayed on a shelf , not worn every day .
` ` probably one thousand geese were plucked to fill this thing , '' he told conor , burying his face into it .
i ripped into one of my favorite reels , an impossible , finger - twisting , minor - key thing that i could ' ve played in my sleep .
but first thing in the morning , blasted with first light , it was a friggin ' cathedral .
tonight 's dress was of course a thing of freakin ' beauty , deep green - black with golden rings and spangles stitched into the sleeves and into the high collar that covered her long neck and framed her chin .
the whole thing was a crash course in all that was best forgotten about 1950s architecture .
so the damn thing had turned out to be useful for something .
` ` this thing has a lot of bullets in it .
` ` i hate when they hold these things outside , '' delia said loudly as she stepped off the sidewalk and her pointy heels sank two inches into the turf .
` ` you 're a nice thing to see first thing in the morning . ''
but how was i supposed to start the damn thing ?
the other day i thought about her and i realized i could n't remember a single thing she 'd ever worn .
she was the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
that poor thing had put up with a lot lately .
of course , the thing booted instantly .
i told him to get the stupid thing out of my sight .
the thing weighed a lot .
` ` you know i 'd take this thing off if i could . ''
` ` i see you like things sweet , '' bryant said , barely audible above the voices around us .
unfortunately , he just asked the bartender for the same thing .
` ` that thing we just could n't miss . ''
` ` you can have it if i can ever get the damn thing off . ''
` ` umm , does that thing work ? ''
` ` you 're a cheeky thing , '' he said , before gently guiding me through the crowded room .
none of us had ever seen such a thing .
` ` you 're a smart little thing .
lorena could n't actually see the knob from her angle , and she wondered how the thing grasped objects if it was made only out of liquid .
she stared as the mysterious , impossible thing formed , water sluicing upward from the floor , defying the law of gravity in the process .
the thing looked like r2 - d2 with a big hose .
but then he realized the stupid thing was n't plugged in .
the thing worked like a beauty .
and what happened to that pulsing thing ?
he placed the flashlight on the ground , still lit , and brought the silver tube up with both hands to look at it , turning the thing slowly between his fingers .
` ` open the ruddy thing , sato , and see what the old man has to say . ''
who knew what had happened to the foundations and inner structure - the whole thing could collapse at any moment .
tick turned his attention to the gate , feeling each breath draw in and out as he anxiously waited for the thing to swing open .
something was odd about the thing , and when the light behind it flared brighter , as if someone had stoked a fire , tick got a good look for the first time .
he 'd made it about halfway to the tree when a figure darted out from behind it - an oddly shaped , wispy thing .
he 'd had ideas of what to expect inside - barracks , groups of creatures , large weapons ready to fire , a creepy hospital - looking thing that was the factory .
it was very small , and perched not atop a cloud but on a very large tower constructed entirely from stacked - up railroad ties , the whole thing set smack in the middle of a grassy plateau .
my phone was the only thing i owned that had survived our disaster at sea , but it was useless here , an alien object .
` ` oh , you poor thing , '' said bronwyn .
i myself was against taking it , but mostly because the roads were so pocked with bomb holes that i did n't know how we 'd drive the thing .
to hear althea tell it , her ability was the sort of thing that came in useful during hot summer days , but which she 'd never thought of as a defense weapon until two hollows began devouring the minister before her very eyes .
all i can say is they were n't your regular sort of orphan children - not like them barnardo home kids they got in other places , who you 'll see come into town for parades and things and always have time for a chat .
the ingress point is a bit like a hole in fresh dough ; if you do n't poke a finger into it now and then the thing may just close up on its own .
up close it was a strange , crude - looking thing , its head a stump of rounded clay , its face a smeared thumbprint .
the last photo - the last thing he 'd ever sent her , in fact - showed my grandfather at middle age , holding a little girl .
` ` i love the homeless santa claus thing he 's got going , '' i whispered .
then she stepped back and took a running start and rammed her shoulder into its corner support , and like a house made of matchsticks the whole thing tumbled in on itself , a cloud of pulverized ice and splintered wood puffing out and blowing down the street in a gust of wind .
a pretty , deadly thing .
he shoved the key into his satchel along with the coins , trusting his gift enough to know that when he found a thing , there was likely a use for it around the bend .
he held a withered , ancient thing , a pomegranate so old the skin was no longer red , but brown and brittle as parchment .
i ' m just thinking to spy , try and get a look at the skiving thing at last .
the world is just a tiny thing afloat in that sea of nothing and the tapestry is all that protects it .
` ` that thing she 's got , '' he said , not breaking his gaze from the lass .
all night his mind had flowed with the river of energy he now knew was the tapestry , and it had guided his fingers and his mind as he made this new thing , rushing to finish it before the break of day .
he 'd spelled the thing himself and knew it was strong enough to slice right through his hand .
` ` the thing samson stole . ''
` ` maybe this thing belongs to mr . samson and mr . myers is lying .
i 'd say , ' hey , bernie ( or bernard or whatever you call him ) , i know you 're pretty sore , but that thing you took means a lot to me , been in my family for generations , and maybe we could work something out , because i 'd hate to get the cops involved , ' or something along those lines .
i lifted the blotter an inch or two , which is n't an easy thing to do when you 're wearing playtex rubber gloves ; sometimes guys hid things under their blotters .
he threw one hook over the little metal eye at one end of the stick , flipped the staff around , and his neck muscles stood out as he pressed on the curved part of the other end , bending the whole thing so he could hook the cord .
and before i could move , she pressed the muzzle of the thing against my upper thigh and pulled the trigger .
i did n't hear the engine roar to life like i expected ; the thing simply started to vibrate beneath me .
it was the same thing ashley had used on me in the helicopter .
` ` take this accursed thing , smith .
i could always say the thing was making a funny noise and i was just checking it out , making sure it was okay .
i said , ` ` i do n't want that thing .
i did n't see anything , but that did n't mean there was n't anything , so i hit the red button and said loudly , because i did n't know where the mike was on the thing , ` ` op nine , op nine , this is alfred kropp .
mike stole the seals of solomon from the oipep vaults or whatever you call them , and then he tried to kill me , i guess because he knew my blood was the only thing that could do some damage to the demons .
at that moment , the elevator motor revved , the big cable behind me began to move , and the whole thing started down .
we 're getting started first thing in the morning . ''
he put the thing in my head ; he 'll know how to get it out . ''
thing 2 called , and thing 1 laughed .
one thing i ca n't figure out- well , there 's a lot of things - but the biggest thing is how killing me gets jourdain the skull . ''
` ` come here , '' she said to not - patrick , and even though she was filled with revulsion by the closeness of this imitation , this cold and cardboard thing , she forced herself to stand still as he approached .
for the first time , liza noticed that curled at the very bottom of the glass dome was a tiny , pale , crescent - shaped thing , faintly glowing .
` ` only if you stop sticking that thing in my face , '' liza said , surprised that she sounded very much in control of herself .
his grandma would get up first thing in the morning to hoover , did laundry four times a week , and once cleaned the bath at midnight before going to bed .
` ` tear the whole thing down ! ''
the only thing left standing was the display cabinet , though its glass doors were smashed and everything inside hurled to the floor .
she went to the display cabinet , the only thing remaining upright in the room .
then how about the coolest thing on earth ?
there 's a lot of detail in this thing , so i go closer and see that all the kids have either a little notebook or backpack with their name engraved on it .
he was squinting at the thing with extreme concentration , like a successful young stock broker in an armani suit instead of a missionary in cut - off khaki shorts that really needed a haircut .
six people could possibly sleep in the thing side to side , but right now the tent only held the one sleeping bag , a rust - colored hiking backpack , the lantern , and leather sandals .
do you even read that thing ? ''
it 's not because i ' m plotting to fly the thing into a building like 9/11 . ''
her hands were shaking so hard she could hardly flip the thing open to gasp a breathless , ` ` hello ? ''
she could n't call them on her own new cell phone , because the thing only worked for local calls .
then the video was cut , and the only thing visible was an advertisement from youtube .
missy carefully took the key out of her pocket , this was not the place to be accidentally dropping things , and handed it to jessica who reached as high as she could to compare the key to the top left impression .
good eye , kevin responded , its the closest thing we have to a mountain around here .
when kevin reached the bottom he gave the ladder a push and the whole thing sprang back up .
try one thing , like the mascara , and save the rest .
watch what lonnie does with that thing under his arm .
tommy had a sudden fear that the whole thing was going to topple over on him and he dropped the bag of candy and reached for the door to push it back closed again .
did you knock him out with that neck nerve pinch thing ?
his walls were all white , and there was nt a single thing on any of them , and his bed was up against the wall directly opposite from the door , nothing you would expect from a super spy .
henry looked around the messy room ; there were clothes still on the floor and things still out of place .
i ca nt believe how sharp you keep this thing , nancy commented as she kept her eyes locked on scar .
is nt this supposed to be delivered first thing in the morning ?
it was such a small and harmless looking thing , yet ackers knew that whoever held that chip had the power to circumvent the worlds technological safeguards .
he opened his fist and looked down at the simple looking thing .
it would be amazing to find such a thing and drive it .
the poor thing was just tired keeping watch over you , so she went and got some sleep in the other room .
the thing might have been white some decades ago .
i mean , he spent a lifetime on this thing .
why , are nt you a skinny little thing .
you should really clean this thing once in a while , i toss the hat back at him .
this is that thing the pedicure people use , i say rubbing my fingers across the stone .
not when his energy calms every time he picks up the damn thing .
you see , harry , as long as you have this thing you will be followed by many strangers until one of them obtains this precious stone .
andy could nt get the car because his sister was hogging it , and they wanted to shoot this thing off , really bad .
poor thing called me .
oh yeah , pretty thing .
looked like her mother , the lucky thing .
what can i do for you first thing in the morning ?
besides , i do nt take the phone with me , i hate the damn thing .
people , manny pleaded , i can turn that thing on , i can open the files , sometimes , and that s it , believe me .
that thing has gotten to be a pain in the ass , manny , cassey warned .
i can still just barely turn the damn thing on .
i do nt even take the thing with me half the time , i leave it in my hotel room because i use it mostly for messages , and i do nt buy golf magazines because they are rags !
this thing handles and brakes like a dream .
golly tainer , that boy is pretty good with that thing .
zarr asks , ` ` so how much is this sunshine or firestone thing worth anyways ? ''
` ` if you ever aim a weapon at me or speak to me in that tone again , your gun wo n't be the only thing falling to the ground , '' threatened xiona , now holding in front of her a sword , gripped with both hands .
i thought that damn thing was a jewel but it was a stinking trap .
once his head is free from the web , hack yells , look at the size of that thing !
sheila and i opted for the rear of their caravan , and expending a fair amount of our valuable energy the four of us finally got the thing moving in generally the right direction , but unfortunately the rain , mud and finally the wind then decided to enter into the equation , and things moved on quite quickly after that .
they obviously had to land and pick the thing up ; you ca nt just leave something like that lying around in the mud , so as gently as he could he set the now unarmed gunship down into the mud , but unfortunately not that gently .
as the armourer in charge of loading the bombs into one venerable old b52 bomber had told its pilot ( who was younger than his aircraft ) , if you manage to get this thing airborne ( by the grace of the curvature of the earth ) , and you find the target , i will give you a 100 % guarantee that every bomb that releases will hit the ground , where , i have nt got a clue , but somewhere .
it was a hand crafted .50 calibre bmg mcmillan tac-50 bolt action rifle , which had a proven effective range of over 1 miles , and it was the last thing that charlie had grabbed as they boarded the helicopter in afghanistan .
he had been superseded , and unfortunately the only person in his country who knew anything about yn 246 was the new president , and he hated boats , he had much better things to spend all his new found wealth on , so the engines and machinery were mothballed , the hull and superstructure was cocooned and the whole thing was left to quietly gather dust , but the dockyard had no problem with that , they had half expected it to happen .
how did i make the damn thing go down , jump up and down ?
as a child i had loved that bit in the movie the guns of navarone where the destroyers had come charging in at the last moment with their horns a whoop , whoop , whooping ; the stuff that childhood dreams are made of , but unfortunately the lady s had gas turbine engines , not steam boilers , but somehow the wiz kids had created a very passable imitation of the real thing , complete with steam , and i quickly found out why they could nt test it whilst alongside - it was absolutely deafening .
one of these days , someone would step on it and the thing would collapse .
that cheap thing ?
she was a scrawny , feeble looking thing .
what was a feeble thing like her doing wandering around the wilderness at night in her underwear ?
by rights he ought to let the dumb thing rot in the streets .
she was such a weak little thing .
course , i would have just let the thing rot where she lay .
what an odd thing , this coin ; it was the first time she had seen such a thing .
what an odd thing , this coin ; it was the first time she had seen such a thing .
yet she got up and went in search of it in the direction she had chucked the thing .
do nt worry kids , cody hunt chimed in , he has nt managed to wreck this old thing yet , so chances are he s not going to start now .
she had nt seen that thing in almost ten years but she knew exactly where she had put it .
taylor quietly climbed down the stairs , an interesting journey first thing in the morning .
you say this thing has been running for how long ?
i am all right , taylor answered , but what is wrong with that thing ?
this is good work , taylor ran his hands over the tightly stretched hull , do you actually want to fly this thing ?
taylors suggestion to just take a big brush and paint the whole thing white was met with disgust .
one of their own had built this thing , and it flew .
in desperation i clambered out of bed and stood under a cold shower for a good ten minutes , dried myself in my new - fangled towel - less drying machine ( weird - not like the real thing ) but found that i was still thinking of that beautiful little aircraft .
number two was a bright lemon thing with large red and blue spots all over it ; i nearly gave it a miss and quickly wished that i had .
beside me sat teddy , half asleep and with a blob of marmalade on his shirt , and behind me , in my hand crafted bespoke cabin ( it had been specially designed for my every personal convenience ) was now just plain james wood , ex inspector of so1 special protection branch , inma ( she also came with the airfield she cleaned , and things ) and topsy .
it had had to go the pretty way to england - you are not flying that thing over my city etc , plus they had to stop at every service area to top up , and for the occasional drop of shut eye .
apparently he had never met her father , but the first thing that he stole on his release was a new toothbrush .
he would electronically enter a bank by his back door , pick an amount ( $ 80,000 ) , create an account number for it , choose a fictitious name , then embed his own password in it , so that he could gain access to the whole thing , any time , and give it to some unsuspecting crook for the $ 100,000 .
the nose undercarriage was complete , and it would go up and down , sorry retract , for the purists , but in reality the whole thing was really supported by a framework at the rear end .
i then clambered in and after quickly fathoming out how to re - start the engines , taxied the whole thing around to a hangar ; with topsy sat in the back giving the royal wave to all and sundry .
they were all families of military personnel so as i had struggled to think of a fitting memento of their visit i remembered that the one thing that i had a supply of was de - activated anti - tank cannon shells from the stukas and fw190s , so after all the brass cases had been polished to perfection , each member of that ill - fated unit had one of them mounted on a varnished wooden plinth ; and their rank , name , service number and date of birth ( dash ) 20th november 1942 was etched into a brass plate and then attached to it .
as i lay on my bed staring at the ceiling , i wondered what next , and sam answered that , she took the blue gel thing out of my man fridge and placed it over my eyes , and slowly i started to relax , and as it started to warm up she removed it and massaged my eyes , and then after rolling me over , my shoulders ; finishing off with reflexology on my feet .
of course you can , but only as long as i can have those purpley things with white edges on , on my desk , instead of those horrible yellow and orange thingys .
the canal system is a proven way of ferrying small craft to the med but unfortunately by the time they arrived in the med his new bride hated the noisy , smelly , cramped little thing with a vengeance , and when it finally came to a standstill in the spinnaker yacht marina , and silence finally assaulted her ears she presented him with a choice , it or me .
peering down into the front cockpit he nodded benignly at the occupant , but he was having a catatonic stupor ( extrinsic ) all of his own - it was extrinsic because the experts would immediately find out that it had been bought on by that idiot sat behind him , so jesse glanced around the cockpit and spotted the only thing that was nt bolted to the airframe ( excluding the occupant ) , and grabbed it and gave it a firm yank , but it did nt move an inch , again he tried , and this time the occupant was actually lifted bodily out of his seat a good six inches ( america has nt been metrificated yet ) , but still it was attached firmly to the occupant , so balling his fist he thumped it down on the top on his bone dome , and the poor rsos head almost disappeared inside his body , but experts later declared that jesse had snapped him out of his catatonic stupor ( extrinsic ) ( after he had recovered from his concussion ) , and jesse wrenched the box from the unconscious mans frozen grasp ( experts also declared that his arms would have in all probability been wrenched out of their sockets if he had nt been poleaxed in the nick of time ) , and jesse leapt fearlessly into the cow - dung .
when i had finished , i took the canoe and paddled a distance away to view my handiwork and see if there were any improvements that would make the whole thing less conspicuous .
she had been watching with amusement , smiled and said , quit looking at the damn thing and just shove it in the canal .
i said , got a present for you , and pointed to the airboat boat on the bank , let 's go and see if we can get the damn thing started .
we had a helluva time with the railroad bridge this side of palatka , took almost a week to get the damned thing open .
she answered , i ' m never going to push one of those damn things again , i 'll live with the weeds .
i said , surreal looks ready for adventure , but i ' m not sure i am , whatever allan comes up with is going to have to be awfully damn good to get my ass on that thing and head out of here .
george i do have a command all picked out for you , it 's a research vessel pisces , cute little fellow cranes and derricks plastered all over it damn thing has been sitting around here since the collapse .
i said , do n't look so worried , you wo n't get any argument out of me , i agree the more things we have on board that go boom , the better i feel , any hidden torpedo tubes or rocket launchers ?
if were going to haul the damn thing around then we , need to know it 's going to work .
i said , who makes these damn things fiat ( fix it again tony ) , the only thing more embarrassing , i can think of , is bringing a knife to a gun fight .
herb said , captain , i 'll get that thing squared away tonight if i have to have dan build us a new one from scratch .
there s another problem the dome wo n't retract , the damned thing looks like a big toadstool sitting out there .
herb said , not a prayer , those fools want to mount a hydraulic cylinder from a dump truck on top of the gun the poor thing was n't meant to carry that kind of weight .
i ' m going down and fire this bunch and run them the hell off our boat ; they can take that frigging toadstool thing with them .
i said , he had a real cluster going and was about to place almost a thousand pounds of hardware on the mount , can you imagine , besides the damn thing looked utterly ridiculous .
that afternoon our helicopter arrived it was more toy than machine and i was n't sure if i could up get enough nerve to ride in the thing .
shit in the time they wasted they could have run over here launched the little thing from the flight deck took a bunch of pictures and hightailed it back .
jim pass the word , if anyone in that boat makes an attempt to go for a firearm sink the damn thing with the fifty .
i said , not so fast jim we ' ve been passing command of this damn thing back and forth like a hot potato .
germany has always placed great emphasis on manufacturing , it allowed them to ride out the global recession with a growing economy and low unemployment , if you stop and think about it , countries , that were making things , fared better in the recession than those who primarily bought or financed things .
do n't you have such a thing as a shock field out here ?
she unpacked her trunk into the cupboard provided for her dresses and left a few things in the trunk for later use , especially the pistol , well hidden for now .
all in all he thought that rafe might brush through the thing very well .
its the only thing owens got that will fit your skinny butt .
the surface appeared at first to be flawlessly smooth , but as the thing came within a few meters of freya , she could make out explicit incisions ; curved lines bending in innumerable directions , but never crossing one another and never straight .
the thing lay peacefully , dormant for a second , then it changed .
she decided to touch the thing , to see if she could simply throw it to a safe distance .
under different circumstances , freya would be intrigued as to how this piece of machinery worked , and what powered the thing .
the sheer size of the thing took her breath away ; it was at least twice the height of the eiffel tower on earth , and easily more than a quarter of a mile across .
slowly , she jabbed her fingers further into the thing , causing a compression on the surface of the intertwined material .
dia assumed the ceiling , if there was one , was high because she could not see it from where she stood outside the thing .
and what the hell is that disgusting thing covering her ? ''
hey , i ca nt see a thing , exclaimed joseph .
lets see if you can drive this thing as good as all your study should warrant , teased sophia , as she came up behind him and put her hand on his arm .
its some kind of silvery metal thing , it fills the whole tunnel like a plug , sharianna reported .
that thing feels like it weighs at least a hundred pounds .
and when nothing else to do , i would put a place together , every single thing in place , then bit by bit i d recall people i d known there and what was said , talked about and the like .
` ` can you make it toting that fucking thing ? ''
there s magic here , strong magic , the skinny stranger whispered with a touch of awe in his voice , i do nt know what that thing is but i do nt like how this feels his voice trailed off .
they ve got some kind of device , i do nt know exactly what it does but they tie the prisoners to it to power the thing .
take another good look at that thing and remember there is a war coming .
no tares , i mean we have another problem , the young mage grabbed tares by the arm and forced him around to face the cracking support beam , we ve all got to get out of here now , this thing could come down any second .
the second thing appeared to be a sphere dangling at the end of a line stretching up into the darkened heavens .
when the handle ripped off the whole thing went into freefall .
the blacked out plane attempted to snag the line between the parachute and this thing .
the parachute was disconnected and this thing dropped out of the sky like a bowling ball .
it seemed pretty light when we started back to base , but the farther we went the heavier the thing seemed to get .
as i strained , i could not help marveling that thor climbed straight up carrying the blasted thing .
` ` get me a stick to put in this thing , '' he told his brother .
the second backpack contained pretty much the same thing except the map book was replaced by a romance novel .
` ` we 'll call the sheriff first thing in the morning .
his thoughts lay on that thing he and the other wizards created .
his mind ached as the memory of that thing they created floated free .
` ` that thing would plant fear into anyone .
this boy just has on a loin cloth and this one has a loin cloth and a shorter grain sack shirt thing .
but , this thing is obviously from the past , so it could be proof of atlantis or some other ancient race rumored to have existed .
he snatched the device and shut it off , there s fifty to a hundred thousand or more recordings on this thing , it would take years to watch them all .
i m glad i could help , and glad you were nt trying to buy the blasted thing , rick chuckled .
honey , rick said , i do nt want you using that thing at the meet or anywhere in public for that matter .
you girls be careful with that thing , you hear me ?
be careful with that thing , alex .
it hit them hard ; i wonder what else they might witness on that thing ?
you know what would really be the coolest thing in the world , rick ?
sorry , it was nt easy getting that thing off inside that small box with one arm , he said , slightly embarrassed .
asked the boy , for example , if this man has seen the thing before in his friends hand , and he comes to claim it ?
things long worked for were falling into place .
she took a cran - slam from her kanga and drank the whole thing in five gulps .
when joe looks back at the canoe , bob tom shakes his head , forget that old thing .
well , we have just the thing for hyenas , do nt we , lavie la ?
help me get this thing in the water .
throw the whole thing at the same time .
they ll start building fences first thing monday morning , tommy replied , hugging lisa .
i was thinking more of a payphone , mark said , wondering what the thing in carlos hand was .
the duo finally reached marks table- a square plastic thing with two pairs of seats on either side of the table .
but to see such a thing in person ... she was simply stunned .
one more thing though , i want you to bring along the gun and when we go by the pond on the way out , i want you to throw that ugly thing right out in the middle of it .
and you maam , are you the same allison marie yarbrough who threatened to beat up little jimmy joe jamison when you were both eight if he did nt show you his special thing that he claimed made boys better than girls ?
essentially , the rest of the world keeps producing things in exchange for green paper that is backed only by the reputation of the united states as a safe haven for investments .
declared ernest , i thought the thing was located in hollywood or some place like that .
i m going to do that first thing in the morning .
it was a new genevan pinnace , a tiny thing by starship standards and gracefully laid out to boot .
is he wearing that thing correctly ?
its just the thing for fighting in null - gee .
the thing was a masterpiece , in short , and i had to admire the skill and tenacity of the men who d pulled it off despite having sustained so much damage to their own persons .
since i could nt afford a second failed hookup i opened the connector with nearly numb fingers , then lined up my swing carefully so that with any luck at all the fitting would snap shut and grasp the pipe on its own , without my having to be around to close the thing manually .
there s an ancient washer that s really just a mechanical hand - crank thing that works because its powered by me but no dryer .
well go first thing in the morning .
first thing in the morning , she said .
sarah grabbed the only thing she could finda small rolling pinand scrambled up onto the kitchen counter by the bedroom door .
remember , do nt pop the first thing you see .
i did touch that glowing ball thing , whatever that was .
you carried that thing into my presence ?
did the thing even have an on button ?
its because of that fucking thing , he said pointing toward claudius as he rode atop his great stead , glowing blue orb in hand .
i reached out to take her hands in my own and led her to our bed , the most comfortable thing i ve slept on since my childhood one .
manny was inside that thing .
he had planned to spend a day or two more in the area , purchasing a few things he would need for the road .
` ` the damned thing jammed .
the thing looks more like a melted pterodactyl that it does an airplanenot exactly the kind of thing i would have spent county money on , but that s just me .
the thing looks more like a melted pterodactyl that it does an airplanenot exactly the kind of thing i would have spent county money on , but that s just me .
the driver was trying to put his foot through the floorboard of the thing .
i expect you could probably cut the grass back , replace the bad wood , paint things and generally clean them up , but like as not that vibe would still be there , if only subdued .
still , after all this , i ve got to get rid of the damned thing .
ill need some standard papers for her , assignment of legal guardianship , that sort of thing .
she said she got crudded - up on all the wet manure from the downpour , but she got the damn thing open and dropped the doctors bag with the money down the hole .
* * * * * maybe i ve read a few too many dean koontz novels , but in the first instant i got the idea that the thing was part humansome kind of mad - scientist experiment gone horribly awry .
like john carpenters the thing .
after all the dust settles on this thing and all the reporters go home , i d have your backhoe operator dig out this whole thing and expose it to the open sky .
after all the dust settles on this thing and all the reporters go home , i d have your backhoe operator dig out this whole thing and expose it to the open sky .
i was surprised he d ever gotten satellite reception to work on the thing .
this thing will tip over .
i do nt care if the text is ancient latin , ill collect the damned thing and try to piece it all together in some way .
the shipping clerk stopped his laden hand - truck in mid - step , rolled his eyes and handed the trucker a clip - board , then got the thing in motion again .
a broad thing , cutting through hills and forests and pasture lands .
heres the goddamned thing .
nobody ... how ... move this thing ?
it was the first time he d ever fired the damned thing .
valerian twisted his arm around in front of him , and the thing fell to the floor -- a great black exotic blossom on a jade - green stem , large as a woman 's head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision he had seen .
` ` what the devil are you doing on that thing ? ''
i stared at a scabby - looking wart in the corner of big brothers right eye , which was about the size of a blood - filled dog tick , and thought how strange it would be to have that thing flop up and down every time a person blinked .
the thing was as big around as a washtub .
ill probably drink the whole thing in one big long gulp .
surely i m not the only one who can see the damned thing .
its the only thing i could find on such short notice .
this thing will be a great trophy , said the biggest of the gang .
too bad you re a pretty little thing .
she s a pretty thing i can tell you .
i can never get the thing working properly , said tuxen .
wasting no time , he left his sea street home and drove to where the thing washed up , parking among the dozen or so cars and pickups already there .
while waiting for cobb to arrive , the ranger had kept the crowd on the perimeter of the wreck , allowing people to touch the thing and to bring their toddlers over to do the same , but no more .
he walked all around and then into the thing , touching the beams and the pegs , holding his hands apart to guesstimate the distances .
after taking it all in , he removed a pad from his duffel bag and drew a few sketches before asking quinns help to measure the thing from end to end and side to side , noting the measurements on his sketch .
at some point in the past few weeks , somebody put a wooden fence around the thing , with signs saying it was the property of the park service and warning people to keep away .
one guy wants the whole damn thing for the floor of his study .
he shook the now free object into his palm , then lifted the thing to get a better look and his heart beat faster .
it was just the sort of thing that would come in handy right about now .
the shirt he d chosen was a frilly thing that could only have been discarded from used tuxedo .
salvage teams would begin showing up in the next few days to cart the whole thing away .
it turned out there were design flaws that made the ship top heavy , and all it took was a light breeze to make the thing keel over .
this thing really needs a long bath in distilled water so we can see what s underneath .
just wondering if this old thing has any value .
she used to wear her black hair short and straight , in a kind of old - fashioned twenties - bob type thing .
she looked at the thing as if it were poison .
the small fence of earlier on had been replaced with an ugly ten - foot - tall chain - link thing that went all the way around the trench .
now , nobody could get anywhere near the thing .
or maybe put the whole thing on a huge beastie .
~ from where he stood , lucas was equally happy to be quit of the thing , sooner rather than later .
to the uniformed men , it appeared the professor believed the thing was just missing , or misplaced , and maybe all they had to do was look a little harder .
should make the thing light up the night sky , is all .
but as ye can imagine , right off , we find ourselves in need of a variety of things , not the least of which is a vast quantity of wood .
from his research , he knew it would be a massive thing , as tall as the ship was long .
he almost smiled to think he was pretty sure they were nt going to be able to find such a thing at wal - mart .
more than once , he d woken in the middle of the night and shrieked to find the unread thing pressing down on his chest like one of jacob marleys weights .
the crowd watched the cop raise his head skyward , as if his imagining the thing in all its glory could somehow conjure it up again .
he remembered how grateful he had been the day the thing washed away , but it seemed even that was nt enough to return things to normal .
that was the only way i could think ta be rid of the thing .
new the thing really was .
reaching out , chris caught the surprisingly heavy thing .
of medicine or surgery the poor thing knew nothing .
her books had portrayed the negro , but how different had been the dull , dead print to this sleek thing of ebony , pulsing with life .
tarzyn raised aloft the thing she had pilfered from the hut , and , with aim made true by years of fruit and coconut throwing , launched it toward the group of savages .
though the helicopter had already landed , it was taking too long for the damn thing to wind down , and i really needed to get their attention now .
the gun was still in my hand , and i held it at an extremely awkward angle afraid of the damn thing , but not willing to let it go when there were more unwanted guests traipsing through my great - uncle 's manor .
i clutched at the first thing i could find which just so happened to be a jar of dried pasta and not one of the knives on the magnetic rack just across from me .
and now the only person who knew where the rest of them were , and the legitimate owner ( not that anyone in this building good or bad really cared who officially owned the things ) was pelting through the forest trying to get away from me .
so when she had called late last night , not long after i had returned home from my ridiculously unsuccessful venture , asking me to come around first thing in the morning to see to a problem with the law , as she had put it , i had of course accepted .
and with a quick glance across to the lighthouse i realized that the little thing that was catching my eye just happened to be in direct line of the lighthouse , both in line with its shadow , and with one of the windows that its powerful lamps shone through .
and that thing sounded like a helicopter .
i had run at the thing , breath stopping in my chest as i threw myself up it .
probably drop the thing and trip over it .
` ` get the thing covered !
i 'll swing by first thing in the morning .
probably the edges were dull but still , the thing could leave a hell of a bruise .
no , but wow , she pointed to this big old crock thing that apparently served as a toilet and i remembered another reason why i hated camping .
when she finally told me to stop and set it down carefully , i demanded , what is this thing ?
i settled back on the hillside to watch , not really believing the thing would work .
a magic thing that tells direction .
had he told her that she was the prettiest thing in the room ?
standing , she might have come up to tarvik 's shoulder , a little bit of a child - sized thing , except for the voluptuous bod .
instead i know astronomy , and i know the sun is this big hot gas thing , but does that have to mean it is n't a god ?
do you go boating on this thing ?
he watched as the man walked around to the far side of the thing , opened another door , climbed up and sat on some sort of chair , then leaned across to call out the open door , hurry up , kid , i ' ve got to get moving .
well , tomorrow i want you here first thing in the morning , you ll give me an answer announces roy .
so here take this map and this key , it ll direct you in the right direction it was the only thing we could find from the burned laboratory .
that thing is a renore .
the water was ice cold and it felt like it was going to peel off randys skin , once he got to where the water fell he saw the sparkling thing once more , got closer and closer to the wall and touched it .
well does nt hurt to try randy said out - loud , and did has he read on the map , seconds later a digit panel came out from where the sparkling thing once was .
on his body a leviathan imprinted on his chest plate armor , covered in a semi - knight sort of thing and with a long sword in hand , he swings at the boulder with great ease slicing through it like a pancake .
this thing was huge ; on top of it clouds could be seen , for a second it looked like something that fell out of the sky .
roy reached into his pocket and grabbed a hold of the small cube which contained enough solar energy to run half of the north american continent , he knew how it felt to hold such a powerful object but he did nt like power of that magnitude to be simple to obtain , if not for xantus action towards zepar he would of destroyed the thing at first glance .
roy asks xantu taking a seat in the apartments living room , the place was rather odd for it did nt contain anything at all just furniture , his bedroom only contained a mattress flat on the floor , the only thing separating him from the cold hard white tiles .
both men were dressed about the same except roy had refurbished his elite jacket for some reason he still kept the thing and made one for danler , they were to wait a week or so before they could make a proper assault on the dames , roy was always patient although he felt a bit at edge form his last encounter with xantu , how could someone want to destroy something to such a length .
not even i wished to touch the thing with my bare skin .
you could see the thing from the house .
they camped in the shadow of the crater and jason idly wondered if it would be possible to climb that thing here .
unfortunately , i could nt run but i could hack the thing into pieces which i did .
in the distant , was sprawled a plateau with rock and sand , with some olives or small bushes , and after that i could saw the mountains dressed in the same thing as the plateau .
i did nt managed to see what he took from it , because that thing he found hide it from my curious eyes .
abby , even if its not a romantic space , or much special but then he shown me the thing he grabbed from the desk .
you are the cutest little thing are n't you ?
rica looked at the wagon thing and did nt see anything wrong with it .
that key is not a thing you can hold in your hand but only in the heart of the shaleant .
now she did nt want the thing on her wrist .
we need time to get things in place .
after speaking for what seemed like hours the general reached over and drew the stick ( crop thing ) across the presidents throat .
all of his things were strewn over the floor and the window in the living area was open .
the only thing that was missing in all of this mess was the pouch .
the magi had a little box thing he used to suppress the trees he said .
nab bent over the body of the magi and retrieved several things from him , the tree suppressor box , a packet of money , and a sealed container .
then my wrist was released , and drawing forth my hand i saw a strange symbol traced in blue close to the base of my thumb -- a thing like a scorpion .
the thing was easily gotten into and the illusion of reality it created was so perfect as to draw a shudder from me as i viewed myself in a mirror .
the thing did not appear to be sealed as is the usual custom , and gordon opened it without difficulty .
' schuyler gave as her opinion that the thing was the work of atlanteans and that the woman in the mummy - case was a native of lost atlantis .
she is sure that somewhere in the ghost - ridden mazes of the african jungles the mummy has been enthroned as a god , and , inspired by the dead thing , the black warriors are gathering for a wholesale massacre .
' the german scientist took several pictures of the mummy with her camera , and it was after seeing these -- which strangely enough were not stolen along with the thing -- that major morley began to think herself on the brink of some monstrous discovery .
she handed the thing to me , watching me narrowly .
and her notes again and again emphasize the enormous age of the thing .
against the ceiling , between us and the stairs , hung a huge thing like an iron grille , with great spikes along the bottom -- a portcullis .
this woman goes to give her last orders ; take the least thing , drink a finger of wine , and let us be gone . '
you should be using it instead of this suffocating thing .
so throw that thing out now ! ''
one and a half hours later , nicole could nt find a thing .
i 'll be going to seattle first thing in the morning to see her and possibly bring her home . ''
i turned my head in a vain attempt at keeping the thing away from my mouth and nose , sputtering in protest .
i stopped and faced the thing , my pathetically small knife the only thing between it and me .
i almost missed the thing , as i was so intently looking for a charging beast , or hurling weapon .
before resuming normal time i reached out and broke the thing , leaving one end dangling loosely from the other .
the thing still whirred , and she pushed several other keys to try and get it to stop .
by all means , he said , striding forward and grasping the delicate thing .
there are extra things in the trunk there carved with starfish .
the thing twisted in the wind as she tried to shout to him .
lets just walk around the island and you can point out , oh , you know , places of interest , and scenic views , and things like that .
prop her in one corner , stirring a pot or some such thing , and no one will notice her .
she s wearing green , poor thing .
oh , give her the silly thing , dora , do .
the thing still worked .
we better get out of here before they fire that thing , heydrich said inexplicably , looking up at the black and white bomb with some trepidation .
there was a real human pilot flying this thing .
a uranium fission device , if such a thing existed , would weigh over a ton , maybe several tons .
in fact , he could do it all day , and there was nt a darn thing henrik could do to stop him .
it was the only thing that he had left from his parents and sometimes he imagined his mothers soul was hidden somewhere inside it .
` ` you must remove this cursed thing , seika .
although the rampage of the royal siblings led to the destruction and abandonment of everything their forefathers built and held dear and holy , the only thing ever taken from the hundreds of buried treasure stores of jade and olmec art was the large crystal - clear tablet - shaped stone of god .
the only thing left she could use was an oil lotion with an spf-15 sunscreen , which was what she was rubbing on her body and her breasts at the moment as she sat up and straddled her padded deck chair .
lets see if we can budge this thing .
this thing is too big to move it in here .
but you have to help me translate this thing , okay ?
wow look at that thing sparkle in the light .
the whole thing is simply on standby until it is activated .
he rushed below and hit the switch to turn the darn thing off .
into the sack he had added a squeaky toy she really liked and a blue rubber thing she had had for everindestructible that toy he thought .
the trouble was the bloody thing kept steaming up even if he cracked the windows .
jeez jen .. how many photos have you taken with that thing ?
that way well be prepared for when this thing is moved .
good lets get this thing on the road , ill be talking to the home secretary first thing in the morning .
when were in you will disregard anything and everything around you ... .. our boys will look after all that stuff ... ... your sole job is to disarm the bloody thing ... .i guess our lives , and your own now i come to think about it , are in your hands .
now though , my eyes tracked the words before i tossed the thing towards my friend .
it would n't take many more to shear the flimsy thing .
the thing was surprisingly heavy , certainly medieval , and would have posed a major problem to any besiegers of the castle .
i walked over to the bed , leveled my pistol at the padlock which cinctured him to the poster and blew the thing to a broken mess .
rust had likely begun to eat away at the thing .
the thing was incredibly sturdy .
i moved , slammed the thing shut , and stood over it .
the problem with the dominator was that in order to make the thing fly , its designers had sacrificed much in the way of armor .
he began slapping at the quick releases for the booster packs harness , desperate to get free of the heavy thing before the skar troops found his range .
do not put that thing in my mouth ever again .
the only thing on the boat that was in modest condition were the stairs .
why would she wish thing so grand of him to offer so much so easily with only speaking this one day ; he knew not , but she was staking her reputation on this .
the authentication code i delivered secretly was , without a doubt , the real thing .
i stretched my arm forward and summoned a small portal , the only thing i could manifest with my logos .
the captain walked inside a small chamber just outside the gate and began cranking the thing open .
the marketplace had spice stalls , beer kegs , wine bottles , and exotic animals from the south ; elven jewelry , elven knives , and costly reams of spidersilk from the north ; scented woods and moose antlers from the west ; and things brand had never seen before .
the only thing protecting alysse and brand was a line of twelve river guards blocking the door .
for a long time layla just stood there , water dripping from her body as she stared at the thing , which was spread like a scarlet serpent across her simple reed sleeping - mat .
there was another shearing sound like the one that had brought the thing to life , then the thief - smasher collapsed in a pile of chests and barrels .
all of the elementssalt water and silver mirror , a boy of my blood , and a thing touched a thousand thousand times by one who loved meare here now , and i can finally speak to you directly .
only one thing she could think of , something soothing ?
` ` real quick - you still got that metal thing inside your thigh ? ''
turn off the halon , pour diesel all over the inside and the tank rounds , maybe throw some rounds onto the engine for good measure and then set the whole thing ablaze .
were going to have a lot of upset people if we ca nt get this thing running again .
maybe even a unique thing , a light on a hill , but it is fragile still .
you do nt know anything about fixing this thing .
but it was home for sabrena and ken and also the nearest thing to a hippie house you would or could ever find in a state like virginia .
reports are dniknam mask handles criminals who cross his path with a high level of violence and that might just be the thing needed in a city that has become one of the most violent in the country since all those chemicals were accidently dropped on houston by a government cargo plane five years ago turning the city into a metropolis that is 40 % insane and 50 % crazy .
i hate this dab blasted thing !
i bet if this thing played longer abe would have been limping too !
miss lu , after seeing the things you have shown , i will believe the earth is flat if you say it is so , please , just tell me one thing , on second thought , make that two things .
by - ned ( the captains usual swear word ) , this darn thing , did nt work again .
this thing was programmed to return me back to the year 1312 .
you want us to travel on that blamed lightening rod thing , right ?
i m still not convinced you left us in that lightening bug thing from one world and then returned in the present world we now live in .
under that dim light , it had a majestical aura , which seemed to give the whole thing a mysterious glow .
he had not been exaggerating , dirt was old , and this thing was running a close second .
olive marie where is drive on this thing ?
this thing is a stick shift !
he pushes the clutch then changes gears using this shifter thing .
sis , i have to admit i am embarrassed i do nt know how to drive this thing !
you keep this thing on the road , when we get close to dallas i will look for the addison airport turn - off .
next he wondered when was the last time this thing had been cranked .
two batteries just doubled his chances this thing would not crank .
this is just another way of saying we have a one in two chance this thing will work correctly .
we have to get out this thing is going to disappear any minute now , and we do not want anyone on the ground seeing this chrome dome sitting atop one of their downtown buildings .
and the fact the keys were over the visor helped , but darn , this thing has been sitting here too long rocky .
a caster could change the way the pieces came together , rearrange them into something new , build a thing up or take it to pieces .
it was a struggle to rise with the heavy thing in one arm , but using the wardrobe he got back to his feet and returned to the young ones , still silent at the table .
hetarth smiled around the thing in his hands and there she was , staring back at herself in shock .
` ` so all we have to do is keep them from touching you with this thing , and we 're safe ? ''
she 'd put it on in the morningthere was no need to sleep in the stinking thing .
elaina tried the subtle web that would keep them warm without setting the whole thing ablaze , but after failing twice , she let it drop .
once he disappeared down the road , she went to sit with landon and their things , scattered amongst the pine needles and boulders .
as if by some trick of the air and fire , when she put the thing to her eye the world rushed up to her and it was as if hetarth were nt but two spans away .
she snapped , ` ` you could use that thing , '' she nodded at his sword , ` ` and i could burn the whole damn place to the ground ! ''
you have to take that thing away !
it was a sneaky little thing that she 'd watched monren cast when the rain started falling , a simple dome of air around the top of the body .
even once you 'd trained it you still kept bells on the thing in case it lost itself .
it was a ridiculous thing to use as the seat of the firstborn , but like everything about this little village , it would just have to do .
the whole thing had been carved from one single block of bloodstone , carved by the elements with every scrap of skill he and those select brothers had in them .
it had once been a table , he thought , only the legs were sawed off , and the whole thing tipped up on one edge like a very steep ramp .
he ushered his guest toward the only substantial piece of furniture in the room then bustled about gathering bottles from the wallsdried herbs , bits and pieces of things floating in jars , and piles of bones and dust lined the shelves from floor to ceiling .
that damned thing was gone .
` ` ah , well , you knowjust an old thing i picked up . ''
` ` they stopped the ship at the mouth of the harbor and searched the blasted thing from bilge to sails ! ''
the caster found it , cool as ice with those unnatural eyes , and the others pried the whole thing up .
it seemed like forever before he reached out to touch it , but even then , cade did not take the thing .
it was oddly quietsounds were too low and garbled , not matching the movements outside this thing they were caught in .
damn thing was always in the way .
what the hell was that thing in it ?
were sitting on the capping rail in the waist , a light swell and easy breeze providing a sensuous motion to the day , the creak of wood and snap of canvas from the vast canopy overhead counterpoint to the chorus of pipes and bells as he watch changes and josephs fingers work their magic , transforming a scrap of rope into a thing of beauty .
that night i barely slept , but i was up , bright and early frst thing in the morning , champ- 16 local hero 17 ing at the bit to get to school .
there was only one thing for it : a money belt .
things looked out of place and moved .
* * * nobody in the room had an explanation for the apparent power of the fragment , one thing sananda did notice was that the longer he held the thing the stronger the feeling grew , this feeling , he could not identify with .
charles gave a detailed account of his expedition there whilst the survey was underway explaining how on arrival at the oasis all those years ago the only clue to the tomb had been a column of dry stone rising out of the sand , he told of how they had to dig the whole thing out , sananda was completely absorbed by the story from this old english gentleman .
* * * the ladder which is placed in its recommended situation clings it would seem most precisely to the realm of stability in this physical world and all of its forces , yet the tiniest move in either direction would compromise it as a safe thing to scale , so at this physically most stable position its integrity becomes dependent on not being knocked or moved .
its not metal at all he said to himself , the object was changing quite rapidly now , it was no longer a shaft of metal but a soft and pliable thing the likes of which he could not identify , he put it down with haste , something was happening , he knew what he had to do .
need some more luv , you poor scrawny thing ?
sir , permission to use the old hulk as target practice there is nothing like the real thing , requested the gunnery officer .
indeed not , sir , i have a list for livestock and other vitals ; if your clerk could present himself first thing on the morrow i am sure you will not be disappointed .
you may keep this vile thing , digby , he said disdainfully , no doubt some physician will be interested in the ingredients of the poison .
director perdue , are you telling me that someone built this thing and launched it to mars without any of our high tech gee - gaws letting us know about it ?
should i be extra polite while you re wearing that thing ?
the money to rebuild the whole thing has been appropriated and channeled through a couple of npos , so most of the damage will be undone .
we should hit the road next time that thing is on the ground , he said , noticing the man looked disappointed at the idea of missing aviation history .
how many crew do you figure were on that thing ?
this thing was so large it could cook enough delicious chicken and ham to feed all of grandpa scarburgs army buddies .
next i twisted the thing to the left three complete turns and stopped on number 38 .
did i spin the thing in the wrong direction ?
this thing had six sides , a glass face and appeared to be made of gold and silver .
gosh , this thing has nt worked in a long time ! !
once in the army , he found special forces just the thing he was looking for , he fit right in with those sneaky petes . ''
the one thing sarge knew for sure , he definitely was nt one of those midget nvas ( north vietnamese army ) .
the netting slid easily off the slick plastic - like object exposing the most gorgeous white dish thing they had ever seen .
the captain spoke first , spook , you ve got more education that i , what in the hell is this thing ?
spook , started walking around the thing and simultaneously ran his hand along its smooth edge mumbling to himself , spook !
both nodded their heads in agreement with spooks assessment , their hands told them the thing was humming all right .
probably right spook , well one things for damn sure , this dish thing , covered with this camouflage netting , would never have been seen on any aerial photographs !
next thing i saw our captors starting herding everyone out of the building into that round polished gold / platinum looking thing .
that would make 42 , but hell you could put twice that many people in that thing easily .
captain scarburg spoke , so you are telling us you can transmit pictures over a distance using this collector thing ?
that sound this machine was making was exactly the same humming sound that big white disc thing out by the river makes .
i bet if this thing played longer abe would have been limping too ( walter limped in the tv series ) !
chapter thirty - three sarge packs his rucksack the things that tinker had shown amazed and mystified them , but it did one additional thing too .
` ` spook how about getting out to that white disc thing up above the power plant and get a reading on where that thing is aimed .
` ` spook how about getting out to that white disc thing up above the power plant and get a reading on where that thing is aimed .
put a couple of sticks on that generator and one on that big round white thing outside too .
he d stumbled over a floor that was not stone or packed dirt but a mixture of soil and grass and growing things - things of wonder .
he d stumbled over a floor that was not stone or packed dirt but a mixture of soil and grass and growing things - things of wonder .
there s nothing good about it no light can come from such a thing .
he demonstrated what he thought the prince should do , first making a few stitches along the inside of the cut - out flap , and then using extra pieces of the deerskin to make the whole thing more flexible .
the hood he d attached was easy to pull up or down , and , most importantly , the thing was warm and would nt fall off .
it was a simple thing , made of wood and rope that was coated in tar and resin to provide a steady footing for horses .
even guarded though , the weapon was still a formidable thing , and the prince realized this would be a much better example of actual combat between the two of them .
so you can stop waving that thing at me .
i seem to remember bertilak worked some sort of magic on the thing , invested it with special powers .
you still want that thing ?
he hates the thing , but he swore to my grandfather he would keep on using it to try offenders .
i think its time we honoured young brynns request and heaved that thing overboard .
good to hear , lets get this thing secured , out .
peter shouted , halt that , do nt touch a thing !
after a moment she said , how fast will this thing go ?
entering her office , she retrieved a voicemail message from general simmons asking to meet with him first thing in the morning .
the pilot timed things perfectly , killing the engine as the plane hit the trees .
do nt let him drink the whole thing at once .
we did nt need that thing anyway .
this is the only thing i have from my mother .
had to fund the damn thing , you know .
he wanted to meet with ltc colson first thing .
the only thing is a high school class picture that s more than sixteen years old .
you need to wash this thing .
the pilot came on again , once on the ground , crouch low , the blades on this thing are only slightly above head height .
let me put this phone with that probe thing coplawyer gave you , said duke manfist , scooping up an object from the floor .
just this television remote thing , said punchington .
because of you i hadda read the whole stupid thing .
i will allow you to stay here tonight , but unfortunately i 'll have to ask you to leave first thing in the morning . ''
she did n't feel it was important to be particularly neat about the process ; a journey like the one she was about to embark on called for packing light , so she was fairly sure that she 'd be leaving most of her things in the cave in the forest .
she looked around desperately for a weapon , but from her position on the floor the only thing she could reach was a length of iron chain .
so eleanor helped unpack the crates of fruit and vegetables , wheat and barley , leather and paper all things that an island this small and this rocky could n't produce in feasible quantities .
` ` i knew there had to be some good attacks with that thing . ''
it was the only thing she remembered the smugglers selling in taraska .
if you feel there is something there , buy the thing .
if a large animal like a cougar were to attack and you shoot it with that thing , all you ll do is make it mad .
the same thing colonel percy fawcett was looking for over seventy - five years ago .
i do nt believe this thing is actually moving .
* * * the first thing to catch their eye was four gargantuan pillars .
ill go see someone first thing in the morning .
he said he would call me first thing in the morning and he did nt .
i ve been phoning his mobile and he lives on that thing .
ill expect you back here first thing in the morning .
she was a pretty thing and ka was partial to the ladies .
that damn crystal thing .
this is important and its the only thing that survived .
he was too far away to identify what it was , so he climbed the steep slope to the rock outcropping that framed the dark thing .
if he was nt touching the black smoothness of the thing , he would have thought there was nothing there .
well , that s what i call the little computer chip thing attached under the back of my skull .
dad ... what s that sparkly thing moving in front of the moon ?
they , in turn , made some calls , and before long , professional astronomers were contacted , and finally , the media got wind of the sparkly thing orbiting the moon .
there is a sparkly thing orbiting our moon .
no emily , its a lot more than just a sparkly thing .
will you look at the size of this thing !
what s the diameter of this thing ?
i see something on the side of this tunnel thing , around the bottom half .
even dave had trouble making things out in the almost total blackness , until xins outer shell illuminated the immediate area with a moderately bright , white light .
he glared down at the broken thing , primed to hit it some more , but the only motion it made now was an occasional twitch of a leg or quiver of an antenna .
she just has to get those rush quotes on the boss desk first thing in the morning .
damn , will you look at that thing !
the large , swirling exit in the distance was the only thing visible to the taelrok fleet , and in this strange world , the laws of physics no longer applied .
( she was the same little girl that had seen the sparkly thing about a year ago orbiting the moon . )
some were only half the length of the longest , giving the thing a chaotic , disquieting look .
he blinked , closed his eyes , rubbed them , and stared at it again , but the thing did nt look any clearer .
a number of equally black , cone - shaped communication towers dotted its surface , making the thing look like the head of an ancient mace from earths middle ages .
starting with the natural moon , it had been twisted into this thing of destruction .
get rid of that , that thing .
what s wrong with this thing ?
it looked like the sort of thing a villain would drive .
i do nt even know how to fire this thing .
the thing basically disintegrated .
the day before keme and i went shopping for alita and bought her some sort of inflatable tube thing since alita did nt know how to swim .
midget mans tnt was fake two by fours painted to look like the real thing -- as if i d ever blow up a midget .
well then , tell your slave boy if he does nt quit eyeballing me , his sleeves wo nt be the only thing with cuts in them .
its freakin scary to see that thing when you first walk in .
and they just stopped filling the thing out half - way through ?
as he started rising , i realized i did nt have the time to catch him , so i caught the next best thing : the adjacent bookshelf .
we were all three on a small landing just outside the window , probably the kind of thing that was meant for a large flower box .
i lowered the mahogany plank and buried all five inches of the wood screw into the things forearm .
that someone is in possession of this ddraig goch thing and is doing all this ?
for a long time , no one was certain the thing even existed .
its a big friggin scrapbook thing , gil said .
just move the damned thing !
it was only a matter of time before the damn thing resurfaced .
a second white coat approached out of the corner of his eye and had a shiny silver thing around her neck .
i assume their logic was to send me one mole one guy who could actually fly this thing .
can you show me where i can load my stuff into this thing ?
show me what this thing can do .
the only thing i m personally going to miss is cheese .
i m going to feel sick on that thing for a whole month , said vin , once he had closed all compartments , cleaned up the cockpit and strapped himself down , fully suited .
was trying to get a hold of you , but your cell phone was off , and you never turn that thing off .
well for that price i thought it must be a little rough , but damn , this thing has been though hell .
yeah sure , said tim , but if anyone catches you with that thing , i do nt know anything ; ok ?
lets have a look at that antique thing of yours .
at first glance it looked like a thousand other old trinkets that people hang around their necks , but on closer inspection they could see it was no ordinary thing .
you re gon na get busted for that thing you ve got !
i suppose its not important that we know how the thing works but just how we can use it .
we could nt make the poor thing work when it feels bad , could we .
this thing can really go !
the bentley is nt the best thing to be seen in round here , said archie .
i do nt want the damned thing .
put talisman on and take the gold thing off .
take this andy , and i will take that thing from your neck .
what s that weird looking thing you ve got ?
damn thing 's rung more this morning than it has since new year claire thought as she pressed the intercom .
i ve boxed the darn thing up .
looking around helplessly she realised she had nt pushed the choke thing back in .
she climbed into the drivers seat , fighting back tears , and vowed to put the damn thing in the post to carl .
claire ordered the most palatable thing on offer , then loaded up her blog and tried to think of something interesting to write .
i m ringing carl first thing in the morning .
why do nt we eat first then ill drive us up to your observatory thing if its so important .
he wore only a long , nighty looking thing .
it should be ready first thing in the morning , then we can be on our way .
he reached over and tapped his coffee pot , faster then slower until he was gripping the whole thing .
that s what i am to begin working on first thing in the morning all the while keeping an eye on customers .
the compass he received as a birthday gift from ms . rougen was wrapped in the cloth and the original thing to go into the box .
i am going to get some things at my place and will be back soon .
i really do not know a legend with this thing .
lovin said polite , but the woman did nt trace that thing .
maybe because of a moment of inattention , something jumped on the car , sort of a red with white and blue thing , being smashed by the car with a deafening sound .
he was wearing large clothes and this thing made him look even skinnier .
after a couple of minutes from that conversation , mariuss stopped the car so suddenly , intentionally of course , that the girls from the back to hit their heads , and they exactly this thing did , heating their heads between them , cursing .
this thing contains a small fragment from the wish glass .
watch out for lights marking rocks , headlands , shallows , that sort of thing .
in the meantime you can draw up a list of your requirements , crew members that sort of thing * * * you got some of my best men here number one !
in that case you d better switch the thing off until we know what jerrys intentions are .
oh blast the sodding thing !
give over no one bothers with that sort of thing nowsides i always wear two pairs at sea ; as long as the holes is in different places it do nt show .
good lord no , called grant , not after all the trouble the royals had stealing the bloody thing , besides it might come in useful again , you never knowstow it below for now .
well never move this lot over that edge might avebut for the slope one of usll have to have a go at driving the bloody thing up on to this , he slapped the beam .
badges and medals for everything , medals for getting shot , medals for not getting shot , badges for coffee making , badges for making one of them there highball things .
the trap was a thing of beauty , a diorama worthy of any exhibition .
i saw you pulling on that thing earlier in the hall .
you ll need to sign some insurance papers so your mother ca nt sue me once you ve killed yourself on that thing .
just this newfangled thing stuck to it .
get in your feathery blanket thing , he said as calmly as possible , quickly losing the strength of his voice .
this thing feels as though its moving at about two meters per second .
take your electro - bike thing with you .
but i still do nt understand what this thing is that you ve built .
you re the one who built this thing .
ill have access to the hologram thing .
the hologram thing is right over here , by the way .
he even showed me how to work his dumb hologram thing .
you give me this speech about love and compassion , then you ask me to take that , that thing from you and leave you down here to rot ?
i never thought i d be happy to see this thing again , he said .
do nt forget to turn on the hologram thing .
then he started dancing around like an aging sword fighter with this tiny , pointy thing .
the things fell all around us like leaves falling from trees during an autumn wind storm .
there were no reinforcements , no beams , no structure except things that looked , in the gloom , like the roots of giant grasses and weeds .
the orb seemed to be in constant motion ; the blue stone , or whatever that thing was that floated on the inside of the orb , remained perfectly motionless .
the spider stared at the orb and its now red stone as if that spinning thing were a god .
those heaped themselves onto the stone - like thing , but their efforts were basically meaningless .
finally , some part of the thing broke the surface .
the fragile thing fractured into four pieces , not unlike the results of some catastrophic , but perfectly silent , plane wreck .
it took quite some time , so much that debbie wondered if the thing actually worked , but the sets fuzzy glow finally turned into a picture .
every single thing in this room is of him and by him .
you have a concussion , the wet thing on your forehead is nt a towel , its an ointment pad to help the concussion , and the reason i m not wearing any pants is because you puked all over them , tia informed me .
jason asked after taking one look at the thing .
there s a poster in the window for this corset looking thing called a merrywidow .
it took nearly a liter of blood to make this thing !
i open my eyes and see that that somebody is cheza , wearing the same thing that natasha had been a moment ago .
oh , okay what about that thing with the ping pong paddle ?
you know , that thing with the belgian waffle mix and the funnel !
what s this port thing ?
one took a swipe at dave , who dodged out of the way and chided , hey , watch it with that thing , dude !
you move us with that thing .
once they got back to their cabin they noticed that although their things had been very tidily folded they were not in the place where they had left them , nevertheless nothing seemed to have been tampered with .
a horizontal line appeared on its side , as if the thing would open like an elongated clamshell .
rolling the thing around softened it , mixed it with water residue and saliva .
he d thought at the time the thing looked like the door on a bank vault , and had taken an inexplicable dislike to it .
stirring his dinner , falconer said , i ve been thinking about the design of that thing .
everyone but falconer carried a pistol and four spherical grenades as well as a blunt , ugly thing that looked like a rifle welded to the top of a shotgun .
now , see , the flechettes this thing that looks like a little arrow .
falconer caught the feeling , and he gestured at the bird , saying , look at the pride of that thing , would you ?
if she wanted his best guess , though , he figured the thing was about out of fuel .
the stranger picked up the flat thing and shouted .
tate was sure shed seen almost exactly the same thing before , and suddenly the picture was clear in her mind .
if not for the broken chain on the gate and a few things out of place , it would be hard to tell that anyone had ever come and gone .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about these things ... ted swung the ax with all his might , catching the zombie just below the eyes .
i do n't know about how it works on trees , but you can chop the shit out of a zombie with this thing , ted said .
one thing i do n't have and i am going to need is a mirror , melody said .
i think we should leave first thing in the morning to give us plenty of time .
it looked as though the whole thing would blow away in the first stiff wind .
lastly , he reinstalled four little leather loops with snaps on the ends that seemed to hold the whole thing together .
the withered thing felt like it was made from paper mache .
i found this thing still parked in the showroom of the dealership .
this thing is n't super - fast , but i figure it will go about fifteen miles an hour or so .
but the thing that really grabbed her attention was perched on the edge of the pit , in amongst the bulldozers and dump trucks .
it sure would be hard to misplace that thing !
this thing says the destination is a hundred and thirty miles southwest of here .
he hurried around the house , heating water on the wood stove and gathering the things he would need to successfully execute his plan for the day .
i do n't really need this thing at all and i do n't need the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow either .
the narrow slope of slippery glass was now the only thing separating ted from a grisly death .
i knew i kept that old thing for a reason , ted finally managed to gasp out .
how could it be the wrong thing with all of these wonderful art things to investigate ?
matilda could only hope that she would make it to the top before the whole thing collapsed .
the positive thing was that she knew time stood still in the real world while she was away on her adventures so , if she left on her adventure first thing in the morning , peekee would not be missed before she returned .
now , show me how this thing works .
we 'll need to look around outside first thing in the morning to familiarise ourselves with the area , stated matilda .
things just fell into place .
the goddam thing had all the place names written in chinese characters !
hang onto that thing !
the thing looked bigger than the ambassador bridge between detroit and canada , but it kind of blended in with the water and sky .
the damn thing still showed the identical reflection , even though i had changed my position .
well , i was too drunk to know better and i said , put that thing away !
sure enough , the damn thing came apart in mid twirl , hitting the ground and scattering pieces of itself everywhere .
hopefully he d put the thing back together properly .
the damn fool had been playing with his gun again , and the thing had gone off .
i took a tentative swig of juice , then downed the whole thing greedily sweet , invigorating , like a magic elixir almost .
where d he get that horrible thing ?
the iranian driver handled the thing like an oversized ferrari , barreling down the straight ways and whipping through shiraz circle oblivious to the other traffic .
he is either wearing that middle eastern wrap around thing or a puffy green cap pulled low over his face .
the vehicle was a boxy , russian - made thing , not very comfortable .
take the goddam thing !
i d never seen such a thing before .
the motorcycle racket had ceased , so the mechanics must have either fixed the damn thing or put it out of its misery .
what is this fucking thing ?
if i were trapped in that ghastly thing i think i would just lose my mind .
that s bullshit , i always placed that thing at a safe distance .
did you see what that fucking thing did to waylands ship ?
the only thing that is breaking here is your back !
the barstool was the only thing that remained solid .
even if you stick my brain in that thing , i wo n't serve you .
you will never get that thing to work , maya says confidently .
that thing was not modified by a someone with military experience .
target that thing on the main spire and fire !
hey doc , this thing says there is a hole in the roof , hera declares pointing at her screen .
why is that thing still flying ?
we are all done at sanctuary , the last transport left and we blew the thing , jason reports sadly .
the whole thing was definitely functional in some way , but for what paul could nt imagine .
when they first told him he d be training , he pictured super - hero body suits with guns and rocket ships and things more action - ish .
although he could remember the general shape of the thing and he knew the exit to the maze was in the same direction as the exit out of the center , he had a hard time remembering anything more specific .
do nt touch a damn thing , he warned .
a frying pan would have been a handy thing to have had in the dark lane when she was mugged .
what s your ring thing ?
yes well , this thing is hidden in a temple full of traps and challenges , and before you get to it you will be faced with many fearsome monsters , even the ones that were once harmless are now bloodthirsty creatures .
the thing was huge , much like everything at the camp .
oh , i have the gooble watch , cameron has the flying shoes but he thinks they do something else as well , lochlan has this drain band thing that , when touching a plant , can absorb the energy and use it to cure himself .
when darkness engulfed them , jay let go of claire , and then extinguished the flames that were still burning around his feet , the only thing alight in the darkness .
the old man wore a cream toga with a bright gold , badge type thing on his shoulder .
lets get this thing on then .
some sort of changeable clothing thing , maybe you could coat yourself in some stronger metal , try focussing on a real strong metal like titanium or diamond , liam suggested .
the darned thing has quite the talons .
the poor thing , said aunt nanzy , about to lose her mortal soul !
that thing is haunted , stuttered the man , it brought ghosts to me tonight , as the predawn light began to finger its way across the sky fragmenting the darkness surrounding them .
even with that new - fangled thing that allows you to see the other person .
he grabbed the brocade blanket on his side and throw it to sofia who was taken by surprised on the thing that had landed over her head .
you re stupid enough if you try to eat up that thing , he murmured .
she seemed surprised by the flaming thing that was thrown at her .
what if it holds the thing that they were searching for ?
claw saw the peculiar thing and narrowed his eyes .
she never thought that jewel would be that cruel , or was it the one that had put that thing on her ?
do you think that thing could protect you ?
he turned the miserable thing open and stepped inside .
seven carried it with a makeshift rope of green duct tape that functioned just as well as the real thing -- more or less .
almost effortlessly , she pushed the heavy thing in front of the door , effectively barring it from the outside .
nancy 's photograph , the only thing he had managed to salvage from the fire that stole her from him , watched sadly as he nodded absently into the receiver .
we ve got to get rid of this thing .
if i had more holes in this thing for slugs , i would have got more yokuts .
the way your people used to live was fine , but if i ve learned one thing , its that things change .
you ll have to deal with personnel first thing in the morning , someone is loading the ranks with the evil and misguided as john would say .
not that it would have mattered ; neither thatch nor cobble could have probably even read the thing anyway .
you were to go there and recover every single thing and return to me with all of it .
` ` i doubt that thing is even used much anymore , and besides we 'll be awake and long gone before some old farmer finds us .
he raised his right hand , a big meaty and calloused thing almost the size of a mallet to threaten his helpless victim .
the only thing that stood between his tender flesh and cold steel was a simple leather band with a dull silver stud .
if it is by tending the wounded or repairing things a hero helps by doing what they can .
` ` are you sure this thing can hold our weight , '' she tried to ask as delicately as possible .
it was a beautiful thing to her sight ; it shined like pale moonlight in the dark .
` ` oh , quit toying with the thing , '' tonniel exclaimed as he moved forward to join the fray .
it was a far cry from the masterfully crafted thing it had once been , but given time trinity promised herself that she could perhaps repair it further .
closest thing resembling an inn were going to find here , i m afraid .
maybe if you d shut up for a minute , danforth , i could get this thing open there were a couple more moments of silence , and then a loud click .
but there s one thing i would like .
lets see your wrist , you poor thing .
while sitting i noticed we d left our shoe imprints on the carpet indicating the maid must ve literally been the last person to walk on the thing before us .
if you ever watch a movie where the hero , victim or heroine is blindfolded and the person does nt completely freak out you need to turn the thing off .
i ve got it , sweetie said vivian in the soothing manner of hers as she pulled the clammy thing from my grasp .
i indicated by placing the upper half of the thing against a gaping hole in the torso which previously was steve whats - his - name .
the thing must weigh well over philip ?
the next thing she did ruined any chance i might ve had at saving my futon ; you know , maybe reupholster the thing , bring it back to life in a way .
she tore bobs head off which left zombie goo all over so even if i could find a reupholsterer i do nt think i could ever sit on the thing again .
some nutcase burnt the thing down about hold on .
i knew i was nt supposed to and i would nt have if there were any way to shut the things down after i d discerned there was no fire and they were doing their screeching - beeping thing for no reason whatsoever .
the girls took my bedroom and i did nt even need to do the whole please take it , i insist thing which is a socially annoying nonsense developed for some reason or another , i guess to make the guest look magnanimous in declining what the host is offering only to relent after the host insists even though everyone knows its a charade and they were going to take the thing anyway .
the freedom is further dampened by the fact they did nt choose to put the stupid thing on , someone else mandated they do so .
the obvious reason was because trudy was doing the cute things girls do with a menu ; she was reading the entire thing , word for word , in order to see if something jumped off the page and struck her as the best culinary delight available .
chapter 33 the lights flickered briefly , shut off , flickered again and then completely went dark as the zombie in the closet attacked the only thing he could in order to follow the instructions of his master ; the electrical switches in the room he was confined in .
it was now only lucifer versus the two alphas of letorque and i could sense by the way his body reacted to the sudden change in circumstance he was going to do the one thing which might possibly give him some satisfaction so i reached behind me , grasped the only thing i could find to ward off what i knew was going to happen , and when lucifer made his last desperate move , a move so fast i could not see it coming , he ran face - first into the torch of letorque held out in front of me like a long - sword of past ages .
candace walked over to stryker , placed her arms around his neck , and said , just how special is this thing you have in mind ?
that thing is really something to drive !
just do nt get yourself killed in that thing before we can get married leo said with less enthusiasm than he should have shown .
hell , if she would nt write it , she damned sure was nt going to sign the fucking thing !
vuk indicated towards the shotgun , do nt fire that thing unless you need to .
well i had every little necessary thing in my hand bag always .
why had they brought that , that thing from the bottom of hell 's deepest abyss to their camp ?
it was as if this unholy thing was the epicentre of the snowstorm .
gripping the monstrous thing tarleton lifted it up as an offering to the ice - dmon .
but he would still not have that thing in his cabin .
each of the trade caravans kept a few copies and employed an expert who had the entire thing memorized , just in case one of the others ever breached it .
he also ignored the instructions of the apothecary as he tipped the packet to his lips and attempted to swallow the whole thing at once .
took the whole thing down .
my goodness look at this thing .
you re wearing the same thing you were yesterday .
he held it out to thorn , who snatched the vial and drank the whole thing in one swig .
it was the only thing that prevented his neck from breaking as the chain snapped taught .
she screamed as loud as she could and threw the first thing she grabbed -- some rope .
he found a cutlass thrust into his hand and wondered what he was supposed to do with this thing .
that s not the only thing carvalho brought from the junk .
elcanos men were so surprised that they gave the governor a suit of yellow damask , fifteen ells of linen and to his sons they gave a blue hat and a robe of green cloth and other things .
the accountant gave him a jacket of green silk , a length of red cloth , mirrors , scissors and other things and the rajah said that because they were friends of rajah almanzor they were also his friends and if they came to his land he would receive them as his sons .
i 'd prefer the real thing to a mock - up . ''
he hoped this was the last time he 'd ever have to wear such a thing .
how did you sneak that thing past gate security ?
take this thing from me and just leave me here ?
where were you taking this thing ?
with a rush of hope flooding through him , pumped by his accelerated heart just like blood , he snatched at the black thing , ripping it from the key ring .
things like the chauvet cave thing in france .
he had come across the perfect thing for stealth , a rover 280rib , a rigid inflatable boat .
the people who designed this thing were too professional to be off by such a distance .
then he noticed that the walls of the tomb were folded and soft , and patterned , and that the thing he sat on was also soft , with a pillow .
i was eager to see what happens with this disc thing .
you know , if we dropped that thing on its side , it d make a great wok .
the whole thing was just a lot of rope and some wooden steps and jacky did nt trust it .
that thing in there ?
can this thing get us the hell away from here ?
by my calculations , at least seventy - six inches of the thing were in pain .
about the only thing they can do is turn the damn thing off .
if you 'll point that thing somewhere else , i 'll back this around and we 'll leave . ''
the whole thing probably does n't weigh more than a hundred pounds . ''
you know a strand of hair , dna from a cigarette butt , that sort of thing .
sure , i d like a good old fashioned steaming hot cup of coffee please , not one of those double mocha choca woka latt things , that s what my friends want , i said pointing outside to the van .
as for me , well i preferred the xbox version to the real thing , but also seemed to be a pretty good shot and lets put that down to modern warfare 2 .
so if you are going to do this , ill see your idea through first thing in the morning .
how can you judge who the better company is when i m quite enjoying myself with this pretty little thing ?
i m not trying to be mean , but it is the best thing i ve ever tasted .
she remembered it well that morning two days before and imagined what such a thing can do for a woman , but then she thought more of it and thought something weird .
it does nt have to be very large , but maybe i can make my own shaving razor without the need to carry one hmm , i do need to shave and it would give me an idea on how just flexible this magic thing can be used cage focused on an image and the properties he wanted the object to have .
this thing feels like it weighs several hundred pounds .
some areas were tightly packed and he d have to do some parkour or free running since he doubted this world had invented such things if the worst occurred .
the only thing we found that to kill even a few is to fight close and get past their armor my women and children cage snapped his fingers close to the mans face to make him focus .
he cried , watching the lively thing twirl crazily amongst long drapes decorating the walls .
even now , whenever anyone mentions him the poor thing retreats to her room for the rest of the day .
globules of transparent partially congealed liquid dripped off the glistening thing when the inevitable happened .
now there was only one thing left to lose .
i need to get this thing home before it shits all over my passenger seat .
i was out stealing this thing .
she spied one thing she might be able to use in the soap dish of the shower .
i will have you know that this , sal patted her flamethrower fondly , is the thing that is finally going to take care of this problem once and for all .
but the dang thing was definitely a dish so it must have some purpose in the culinary arts .
well except this one time when johnny dropped the thing but we went right out and replaced it with another .
i mean , i ca nt even put a little bit of dressing on the dang thing .
heck , it looks like they re not even going to allow disney the opportunity to rebuild the dang thing .
besides , the dang thing was an obvious ploy to get whatever killers were stuffed in its gut inside the castles walls .
he thought of declining but re - evaluated and decided he might as well take the thing and remove the unimaginative ninja warriors from the kings payroll .
they think they ve got the original thing .
the only thing needed was a spark to ignite the crowd .
by the time they broke though the shell and dug the annoyingly small amount of sea - spider muscle from the thing he surmised the gross gain would be a net loss on the caloric expenditure scale .
if he d been a pest , a little too obnoxious , then johnny could ve yelled at the boy to keep quiet for a while and then snuck away so melissa could do the heavy lifting of answering people perplexity but he could nt because daemon was the last thing from a pest .
in the case of a drivers license most voting on the measure will already possess the thing and since the bill will state if they already have their license they need not take the literacy test then the thought is the thing will pass easily .
in the case of a drivers license most voting on the measure will already possess the thing and since the bill will state if they already have their license they need not take the literacy test then the thought is the thing will pass easily .
well , do you think you could tell us what s on the thing before we spend the time doing it ?
he wanted to throw the thing out the window !
just he overall design of how long it was to be funded , what its population was going to be , what kind of deal bobs mom got on the thing , stuff like that .
i would think the cruise ship owners could get together with the locals and have them offer something different for people traveling with children who get quite bored when they ve seen the same thing on three previous the top of the pyramid was the key and as long as they controlled the tip everything below would fall into place .
if it were to issue the current price they would need to station a man full - time underneath with a bunch of numbers to change the thing every time he d finished previously changing it .
smith was positive he had no such thing .
he selected then waited for the thing to set itself up and smiled with childish glee when all the bits came together and five golden bars of coverage appeared .
things began to fit in to place .
one wrong turn here and the whole thing collapses .
most people here use a thing called mixi and not facebook .
lets crank it up and see if we can get this thing singing , just the way you want before you start looking at pedals .
john would nt take a thing ; said the company had already paid for plane and fuel .
tom said , that s how the beatles worked and if its good enough for mccartney its certainly good enough for you lot ; like we d ever get that thing sounding decent .
if you re happy ill take these now and get started first thing tomorrow .
can someone get on the phone first thing tomorrow ?
and little spirit go easy on the booze you re in makeup first thing tomorrow .
true , ill get her on it first thing monday morning .
katherine felt so hungry she guessed shed pick the first thing on the menu .
his deep red coat had long tails and was adorned heavily with brass buttons and trim , but when mary heard him speak she was sure he was nothing but a barbarian , the furthest thing from a gentleman .
if a privateer is coming from the americas , think of the goods she might have , sugar , tobacco , things that will really fetch a price .
poor thing , mary whispered to herself .
there did not seem to be anybody in control of this thing or insisting that they go down .
maybe they learned to fly , saw things around this country and decided to stay voluntarily are they also kids ?
any plan how to get out of here without this stupid thing ?
he stared at the kids , as if prompting them to try to see the thing , when all of a sudden megan exclaimed , yes , right there !
what else did he have in that thing ?
damn thing was a beaut .
i could n't get the damn thing going again .
but if one trusted in ancient dragon magic , that thing in his pack was linked to a real wyrmweaver , just like in those legends .
of course , she could simply swathe herself in illusionary clothing of any type or style she wished , but she preferred the feel of the real thing whenever possible .
ryan suddenly imagined coalition magitechs tearing the thing apart to analyze it -- not a particularly grand end to his noble quest .
maybe he should at least try to read the thing ?
its a pretty thing , to be sure , '' she said , ` ` but , as i think upon it , it really is too heavy to wear and does not match any of my outfits .
she did nt have the firepower to kill the thing , even if she could break its defenses .
maybe a musical number is just the thing you need to shake off your case of the tuesday gwumpies .
i really wan na go check this thing out .
is that thing safe ?
okay , ladies , '' said mimi , ` ` lets take this thing outside and show it a little of our firepower .
its just the medicine you get from a song well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone and if its true you told somebody i knew you its probably for the best we call it quits and just give up ... this little flower ai nt be done in so long well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone tomika held the last note for a few seconds .
its just the medicine you get from a song well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone and if its true you told somebody i knew you its probably for the best we call it quits and just give up ... this little flower ai nt be done in so long well be a pretty little thing until the loves all gone tomika held the last note for a few seconds .
turn the needle thing on already .
i grabbed the first thing i had .
what ever do you want me to do with that thing ? !
you still got that paranoid feeling about this thing ?
i think i m gon na try one of those strawberry cooler things , said jayla , observing the restaurants overhead menu as she stood behind other waiting patrons in line .
we 're going through financial crap right now , so i m stuck with this thing that smells like fried leather and matrix essentials .
no offense , but you re a bit of a tiny thing , said the man with the bell .
tre , stop being stubborn , and just try the damn thing .
that thing was nt broken ? !
its a premium sandwich designed for refined palates such as mine , and i have craved this thing for way too long .
but where s your head thing ?
this thing must be broken .
i got ta recalibrate this thing .
we spent four months trying to make this thing , and then you come in here and do it in one morning .
should you be taking that thing anyway ?
so , i tried to take the book back to the book fair , but they had already closed up , and i just wanted to get rid of the thing but i did nt wan na throw it away , so i put it in the school library , but i still felt bad for stealing it , even though no one knew i stole it until i just said i did right now , 12 years later .
maybe we can just dig our way out of this thing , said a teenage girl .
exhaustion is when you put every single fuckin thing you have into an audition , and its still not fuckin enough for anyone !
i want a limited edition 25th anniversary red ryder carbine - action 200 - shot - range model air rifle with a compass in the stock and this thing which tells time , but i want it to have a laser sight and some real bullets cause this mexican family just moved in down the street and they look like kinda ... stealy .
the white people definitely wo nt hang this stealing thing over our heads for the next decade .
you re not stealing a thing , saint dick , said kayzi .
as the echo subsided the girls kept their eyes on the tree and found it to be left as a smoldering stick , but , to their joy , it was the only thing there .
' there 's at least half a dozen more pictures of her on that thing . '
' when i find this thing i ' m going to sort you out ! '
all i know is i would nt want to be holding that thing when that mad scot finds it .
i 'd like to hack the thing off !
there s people ' round ' ere that would love to get their hands on that thing .
' well when ye walk roond london in a kilt you tend get noticed you daft wee thing .
that red thing . '
' och she s a pretty wee thing .
what was this strange thing with flashing lights and a talking box inside ?
look , that one , with the big plastic thing in the window . '
said alan ' i 'll switch this thing off . '
leaning against a wall was a wooden staff , the sort of thing bo peep held in his old nursery rhyme book .
mum wanted me to have this awful old thing but i said no .
ill probably spend the night here and then go back to the hospital first thing in the morning .
i got the shiny thing from the edge of the lake , by the way .
i may have found just the thing for you , yesterday .
the thing that finally did the trick was accidental , as many discoveries are .
i saw so many things so many places , i half whispered .
` ` dang thing broke on us about two days back , had to junk it along the trail . ` `
` ` do nt righdy think you gents owe me a thing .
when he got to the top , he took a folded gunny sack and put it over the top of the pot , then covered the whole thing with a mound of dirt .
whole damn thing can collapse and you might take your last breath in a rush .
` ` damn good thing they do nt have any pictures on this thing . ` `
then i saw a piece of paper laying just inside the door that must have fallen to the ground , a pitiful trampled thing to be left with .
sure thing , hank .
he glanced over at the left wing and saw it , the thing that had destroyed the plane and sealed his fate .
she s spending time with chris at the weekends , so i ve had a chance to get some rest , catch up on reading and housework , that kind of thing .
then they had me build in a couple of secret lockers , just in case they wanted to bring a few extra fags back , its not illegal to build them for it , just to use them for it and neither of them smoked , and the only other biggish thing was the loo .
bearing in mind my paranoia i found a pencil and lightly rubbed the side of the point across the next page in the pad , just like they do in the movies and it revealed quite clearly the plus sign then the numbers 960 ( +960 ) , nothing dastardly , just the registration number of my first car sue 960 , i will never forget it , she rambled on , not realising that no one was listening to her , it was one of the early minis , the ones with the doors that had sliding windows , a cable that you had to pull down on to get out of the damn thing , a pocket in the door designed to take a bottle of gordons gin and i used to call it .
the reception person was the only thing slightly out of kilter since they had first seen him in the foyer , but any normal visitor would most likely assume that the company was just a very good equal opportunities employer .
oh , that old thing , how come you ve got it ?
yes , he took it apart a bit , just to get at the whole thing , you know .
the way we were going at the moment , we could be out here driving around for weeks and not find a thing .
okay , she said , but we go again first thing , before the sun comes up .
he just stood there , a wiry thing all bone and gristle .
did ya ever see th ' thing ? ''
` ` only i doubt th ' thing 'll fit . ''
` ` you know , '' the turkey god pulled the ju - ju hatchet from his belt , ` ` i plum forgot i had the thing . ''
` ` son , you 're not carrying a thing .
she 'd gotten into a brownish bib - overall outfit with a dark blue top ; still the most thump - your - foot - and - howl - at - the moon beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
the book is n't the only thing i have for you .
oh you poor thing , i said .
there s no hurry in shootin this thing , unless of course if someones about to shoot you first !
i ca nt believe you re walking around with this thing .
luis , is your life endangered by this thing ?
this thing looks like a piece of junk , johnny bear slayer said , how old is it ?
sometimes a little pain is just the thing to trigger the power , a little demonstration , you know what i mean ?
that thing does nt even bleed .
willie said , past that thing ?
that thing is smart .
i shouted , take the damn thing back !
it was just a normal garden shed , just big enough to fit their bikes , a lawnmower and the other things dad kept for the garden that he was nt allowed to play with .
the pig turned in a circle looking for somewhere to run , and the man moved again toward dylan , who could now see he had long thick hair and a beard to match with some kind of dirty green trousers on and a metal shirt under the big fur coat thing .
yes , it is the only thing that i know of that would contain instructions to close or open a portal .
bell had a place out into the forest , again too small for all of them , but they all agreed it was ok . bell and lucas went to their homes to pack what they thought they would need while connor , mattaeus and dylan put things in their rooms and then sat down in a corner of the inn .
they sat in an airy living room on padded chairs and sofas , they seemed to dylan like the ones at home , but he could see they were made from things in the forest .
its a small , er , thing that has , i dunno , i guess electricity in it and you put it in other things to make them work .
i really just wanted to walk through the place , get a feel of things as gaudreaux had suggested .
` ` not my thing but it 's sure popular here . ''
center left , center right , that sort of thing .
chapter 21- just the thing for a soft landing chapter 22- the creepiest thing i ve seen today chapter 23- who s still wearing a skirt ?
as it was torn , she had to do a bit of origami before she could read the whole thing .
bryony spied the very thing on a control panel next to madame voltaria .
it was a needle , as thick as a drainpipe , that came rushing towards him chapter 21- just the thing for a soft landing the conductor mast is fully extended .
just the thing for a soft landing .
lets hope this thing is still working .
` ` hey , what 's that shiny thing on the ground ? ''
how do we open this thing ? ''
the poor thing got stuck under a root .
` ` do n't touch a thing , or we 're doomed , '' said greybeard .
i know how to use this thing ! ''
the surface of the first tower had six bridges that joined underground entrances to a center platform ; the whole thing reminded me of one of the wheels of our covered wagon .
look at that thing !
were going to die if he starts that thing !
beside the dating of the artifacts we try find things about the wreck itself , construction , timber , that kind of thing .
same type of thing we found in the other pit , said the pastor .
we should try to find some time to chip some of that hardened clay off the thing .
you find a few soggy bags of wheat and we can all cover this thing up , chuckled jake .
his money could not buy one thing though .
he took her into a small room off his study where he had hung these framed photographs of ducks and butterflies , that kind of thing .
it is said , the rose was the only magical thing brought to the fletching kingdom .
the only thing on the entire structure that seemed to be in good repair was the oversized front door .
it was nt his fault , but i hate the thing because of what happened to georgey .
i told him to drop the damn thing and give me his hand , but he would nt do it .
i would throw the thing away if it would bring him back .
burn that thing tonight when were at my house .
but if this was truly the last trip to the kingdom then why not strap the thing on your arm and let the whole world see it ?
with that thing on my arm , ill be able to defend you like nobodys been defended in two thousand years .
` ` you 're going to have to go inside tomi so i can set this thing down .
i 'll get it first thing in the morning so by mid - morning you two can go shopping .
were descending to 10,000 before that thing decides to blow out .
will this thing hold ?
the only thing i had from my mother was a pair of moonstone ear rings .
a loud rush of noise caught her attention , forcing her to focus on the very pointy thing inches away from her nose .
squeaked sarah , her brain trying to make sense of what she saw , her eyes always returning to the pointy thing .
ulf frowned , thing ?
he sat with crossed legs on a reading table , a big old wooden thing , and a cold one at that .
sure the noise of the thing going off would attract more of them but if they stayed there they were dead .
find the key that works in that thing .
he handed her one of his desert eagles but she nearly dropped it by the sheer weight of the thing .
logan growled , take that thing out before more hear it !
then decided to get home early so there would nt be any problem with him leaving first thing tomorrow morning .
he s likely to eat the entire thing .
oraden , come on , we need to see how well you fit in this thing since you are the biggest , called kewtan .
did you see that flying thing ?
put that thing away , said gunner , speaking softly .
i added a few punctuating arguments with my shotgun , glad to get a chance to use the damn thing , and we headed up the stairs .
if frasers camera thing was good enough to follow her , i would just have to trust him and keep him nearby until i could find out what was going on .
the relationships may have ended , but through these tiny things i can connect instantly to my memory of that person , and when i do , folders open up inside my mind that transport me back to places i have been with or memories i have created with that person .
well , ai nt she a pretty little thing , homer smiled at angie , were gon na get on just fine , ai nt we ?
i did nt have to take that thing to you in the first place .
i m not going anywhere until you tell me what that thing is and why no one can know about it .
what does that thing i gave you have to do with any of this ?
if what he said was true , my father was killed because of this damn thing .
this thing looks a lot fancier than the one we have back home .
you should take your time with that thing .
that thing gave you a pretty good ass kicking .
look at the size of that thing , he said .
that thing hits hard .
i do nt think were ready to climb this thing .
someones going to end up with that damianos disk thing eventually , and if what lucas said is true , whoever gets this source of unstoppable power is going to be calling the shots from now on .
how far in is this thing , anyway ?
gim me that ... purse thing .
i just need to face the fact that i m stuck with this damn thing .
oh , aiden replied , ya mean this thing ?
it seems that you really want that thing .
i m callin dibs on the thing .
its going to take a few days to get there , even with the horses , so we should probably restock the backpack first thing before setting out .
somehow , the thing had slipped away in the night .
whatever it might be , matthew realized , the thing was very clever , keeping clear of the meager light from the hallway .
i ca nt read a darned thing without my spectacles .
matthew was thinking the exact same thing as he regarded the thing in the box .
` ` let 's get to higher ground and see how we 're going to get off this thing . ''
` ` watch where you 're pointing that thing ! ''
the thing had probably died while still in the air .
at first glance bax had thought the thing to be some sort of snake - albeit a grotesquely malformed snake - but he discarded that notion almost as quickly as it had occurred to him .
the thing looked to be as long as one of matthew 's arms , though it was hard to be certain given the way that it slithered about , coiling and uncoiling its gleaming bronze body .
` ` what 's wrong with that thing ? ''
cordelia 's lamp , vital as it was , hampered their flight ; the thing just was n't made to run with .
perhaps , but i doubt we could move the damn thing with just ten of us .
where was that damn thing .
ugly old thing stuck in between the apple trees .
where can that damn thing be .
the bag was the only colourful thing she had .
nevertheless , you did n't buy the thing with reading minds , so look at the guy over there with a movement of his eyes julian pointed at the dj he is thinking about what he will play in 5 minutes and ca nt decide whether it should be madonna or some polish music .
her hand was one bloody thing , her leg was bend in an unnatural way and her chest did n't move .
threeno fourvehicles sat on flat tires : an old ford sedan - looking thing ; a dodge car ; a pickup that looked like a tree fell across the bed ; and by the side of the house , a little cheap compact looking thing green .
i unlocked the pipe gate and headed to the house , a low wooden clapboard thing with peeling paint .
i do nt know where old bobby found this thing , but its a gold mine .
well find a hundred other ghosts in this thing .
we did start out with the idea of taking our time and savoring this thing .
serabi thought back to that day once again and then said , the only thing shed had with her had been a piece of scarlet cloth showing half of the fire emblem .
she got up and threw on her travelling robe ugh , the way the thing smelled it needed to be burned and stomped to the door .
dave burrows put five thousand quid on this thing . ''
` ` a thousand quid on that black thing , yeah , flaxmead . ''
` ` blimey , i got a hundred quid on this thing mate . ''
` ` wow big boy , this thing flies itself does n't it . ''
` ` bloody hell why do n't i think of these things before i go prancing around the place dressed like a bloody ... .oh shit . ''
it 's difficult for governing authority to achieve much where masses of the public are gathered , a massive crowd around a decoy or the real thing could prove an advantage in the right place .
they lastly seated the steel in an antler tine , something that struck the boy as odd , for he d never seen such a thing before .
then we can be on our way first thing at daybreak .
he was trying to knock the thing off him with an unfolded e - tool , probably the one he had been using to take a crap .
the restored us government was a fragile thing .
come out here you naughty thing .
i have just the thing for that .
they breathed great fleshy sighs of relief when the bulky thing was unloaded and peter was once again contained within a labthis time on a government - funded military base .
it d been three months ago and the darn thing still refused to heal .
she was however a tiny thing , making comparisons to another small dark - haired girl unavoidable .
you know , she pantomimed , that thing , like a guitar .
oh , dear , said rose , just look at the poor thing .
just put the thing away , okay ?
suddenly there was a noise , a sort of musical twangi told you to put that thing away !
i ca nt believe you can ride in the thing .
that thing must have cost a bundle !
he pulled out a book , lit the whole thing , and tossed it back into the glass .
i ve got just the thing !
he grabbed up the first portable thing that came to hand , a large crystal ashtray .
i was puzzled on seeing our bodies down there , and floating up here in this robe like thing , i said expecting chris to say something .
he tells cass , that s about the only thing in the food pantry of any use .
i have an errand to run first thing in the morning though .
he yells to unks , i sure hope this thing does nt break !
same thing would cost thirty next spring , i expect , he volunteered .
how long you think this thing is goin to last ?
you will not miss a thing , i assure you , hawk said condescendingly , adding , as soon as the first shots are fired , it ll be pandemonium around here .
damn thing still smells like a pile of bear farts , he mumbled , still getting used to this new existence .
that s strange , hank murmured , and recalling his encounter on the battlefield , added he was pointin the damn thing at me as he came at me !
silently i gazed at the small thing 's face .
` ` so stop moaning and get some guys to give us a hand here , this thing is bloody heavy . ''
we can probably hit the road first thing the day after tomorrow . ''
always managed to find some edible roots and berries and things .
` ` that bloody thing must weigh a ton and kick like a mule . ''
` ` we have to find this thing .
besides , aaron says this thing has perfect night vision .
i suppose you 'd be ok in your ratel , but what if the thing broke down ?
there 's no way this thing is going to become your buddy . ''
` ` let me tell you something , '' he said , weighing the piece of wood in his hands , ` ` if this thing had hit the chopper anywhere , it would have been as good as a hit with a cactus missile .
` ` we 'll try to move out first thing in the morning .
you built that thing ?
the thing rattled and shook as it stood in matchras outstretched hand , waiting for its next command .
this thing can fly , too , matchra said proudly .
sparks popped and fizzled as the thing wobbled in the air .
there were switches , wires , and lights all over the thing .
that much was obvious the minute spike had crashed through the door , pulled open a tatty carrier bag , and thrown the thing onto the table .
ed could ve got that bone thing from here , we do nt know .
there s not much life left in this thing .
there s a box here somewhere , a sort of large trunk thing .
watch it with that spike , its dangerous spike gazed at the thing in wonder , and then taking it in his hand , slipped his freezing fingers around the handle and felt the weight of it .
reaching in , spike grasped the new thing and handed it to her .
the strange thing looked like a squashed nose .
lets show them that ball thing .
here , terri , show them the other thing , that thing with the big jewel in it .
here , terri , show them the other thing , that thing with the big jewel in it .
i m under this thing , remember ?
you do nt have to stick this thing on your head .
but surely it ca nt be coincidence that gullivans bringing things back through the portal , and that we found the ball and headband in his trunk .
but it was in the trunk with all the stolen things , she reminded them .
what use was this flaming thing going to be against creatures that size ?
and have you seen that light thing ?
they probably do nt call it that , they probably call itoh , i dunno , but you ca nt tell me they can have something like that panel thing and this lot and not tv .
so , he thought , this wonderful thing belongs to the elder .
i d made a bit of noise getting out and any minute he could have come running up the stairs , so i grabbed the first heavy thing i could lay my hands on , stood behind the door and waited .
if we can get it out of this thing , it ll be easier to carry .
the object , the only thing remaining of the box they d carried into solomon , was a pyramid of deepest violet , translucent enough to reveal the precious cargo trapped inside .
i had to yank the thing off and wipe at my face just to be able to see , and that 's when i felt an arrow punch into my shoulder , tearing into the body armor .
knew i did n't have much time to take anything , so i nabbed the only really valuable thing i laid eyes on .
it was a miracle the thing held in one piece , yet whoever had brute - forced the retrofit had known what they were doing .
that means this thing is probably old .
we can nail that thing , said krieg .
let us see for ourselves , krieg walked up to the thing covered in a white sheet , his eyes beaming with excitement .
whatever , the thing you had inside your arm was pretty messed up !
just like some malfunctioning machine , then you get frustrated and hit the thing , then it works fine .
seriously , guan , this old rusty thing should retire , its older than us !
thinking about ditching that thing ?
this thing is broken , it ca nt be right , said ricky , tapping his watch and started turning the clock .
it was the first thing he built when they arrived in nazareth years before .
i hope you did nt burn the whole thing down , said soul with concern .
the whole thing exploded in a massive eruption .
the thing flew back out of the sheer power of the impact .
he could still remember that gut - squeezing feeling as the front of his car shot through the shadowy thing .
she could nt seem to undo her grasp on the manly - smelling thing , and so , becoming prideful , she ordered trevor to bring the carriage about and she would return the coat herself .
i think pat needs some things from the garden .
she was naked from the waist down , and the vestiges of her camisole were the only thing providing some small sense of privacy .
some sweet young thing .
well , maybe not this thing .
heres the thing , jules .
he put the thing back into park and hurried out to see to julies doors .
but how far did the thing stretch ?
` ` damn thing 's cold , '' he muttered to himself and felt embarrassed when amy took the mug and walked to the counter .
screaming , kylena staggered up and swung the only thing handy , a pillow , at werner 's head .
land the fucking thing , growled karl .
during the struggle , sharine let go of the rope as one of them jumped into the boat and swung the whole thing .
such a useful tool that polchinski uses , quite a dangerous thing , grinned one of the women , tapping the cloaking device which was attached on her shoulder .
chaiko himself was filled again with awe at both the simplicity and the complexity of the thing .
but how was he to point this new thing ?
go on , cosh prompted , aim the thing !
dawn hurried over and offered a few mushrooms to the visitor , the only thing she had at hand .
yes , a painting would be just the thing , as there was nothing more spiritual than a picture .
the cluster of white flowers had a delicate sweet taste and was just the thing to enjoy after a heavy meal of juicy meats .
called cosh again and pointed to the only thing that seemed to have been untouched , a mukalak of standing stones just outside the cave !
these were hardened warriors , ready to kill or be killed , but this new thing that flew made them very uncertain .
its owner jumped back casting the burning thing from him .
just the thing we need !
i do nt care what he calls me , find out what this thing has to do with all this , chaiko told ushi , showing him the bone flute .
on that thing , mason said back to her on his .
you ve got a backrest on that thing .
they could seeeverything : coit tower in san francisco , pier 39 , oakland bay bridge , boats making their way around the bay its the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen , simi said .
people , other companies , knowing that you like to take pictures of your dog or of things you choose to share in email or on social media , is one thing i think anything that passes through cloud - based smart phones can wind up in the cloud and get data mined and profiled , oceanna said .
you got any brad paisley on that thing ?
mason , you ought to look through that thing .
one of the women was a skinny , little bitty thing , all of about five feet high on a low harley eighty - eight dyna .
oceanna carefully squished the earplug into a smooth cylinder , not kinking it , which would let noise through , then pulled her ear back a half an inch and inserted the entire thing into her right ear canal .
even this one thing that looked like it used to be a meter - maid bike ?
even though many things were in place , people bustled around doing more .
she gave him the grand tour of all the things to be found on their farm ; pointing out the chicken house , the dog houses , and everything else a little girl was interested in .
he held it up , looked over to james and asked , what is this thing ?
james handed his things to miko and then searched the area near the door looking for the hidden mechanism that would allow them to reopen it from this side .
the only thing of interest in the room was the pedestal .
sure thing , girg replied .
he had never seen such a thing .
it definitely took some getting use to , the scabbard kept trying to trip him up and the whole thing weighed quite a bit more than he expected .
still one more chest , bart said as riyan gave him a hand up.as he turned and began using his pack tied to the rope to test for pits , he overheard chad asking riyan , why would they put such a thing here ?
that thing must have weighed five hundred pounds , he said .
the only thing that had survived was a few strips of dried beef .
the only thing in the room was a plain , four foot marble pedestal situated in the center of the room .
once in a while , a local might forage the fringe of the swamp under the watchful eyes of the guards atop the wall for firewood , herbs , and other things the swamp provided .
he felt kind of silly with the thing on him , but since everyone else seemed to believe in its effectiveness , he would trust in it .
and as our lady of the arcane arts has just said , it could take longer than that before this teleporter thing is ready .
not one thing has survived intact except one of those black , lumpy stones like what that golden naked - man statue had held in the palm of his hand .
only a man - made thing .
he knew that it was old because the furniture was antique looking , the entire place decorated with things he had come to associate with the past .
this thing had better hold , he thought as he hung precariously in mid - air above the depths of an unknown darkness .
they now rattled together inside his pocket and although he was reluctant about using the thing , he knew it would be an effective weapon if they were attacked again .
` ` did n't you have a map or some such thing ?
he watched as the thing exploded and disappeared with the vehicle acceleration .
even the smell this thing gave off was rotten .
the subject is familiar then storm - shadows eyes widened as things began falling in place .
can you imagine the applications this thing could have for the military ?
tony saw the bed first thing as he looked up from his crouched position .
well , the next station is about twenty miles north and you ll have to leave first thing in the morning .
she gathered some gear that he would need which included a compass , really the only thing he needed .
sarge packs his rucksack the things that tinker had shown amazed and mystified them , but it did one additional thing too .
put a couple of sticks on that generator and one on that big round white thing that spook is checking on too .
but little s i have nt had time to tell you and big s what i discovered when i checked the coordinates on that white dish thing .
farther down he continued , and god saw every thing that he had made , and , behold .
now he knew the purpose of the pilots wire thing , it was a rack for a bbq grill !
he turned to tinker , do nt touch this yellow capped thing here between us its an in flight oil additive inlet pipe .
tinker retorted , sarge i said i could fly this thing , but this is not going to be flying when we hit that devilish fiend its going to be one of the biggest rollercoaster rides any of us have ever been on .
yelling at the taxi driver , turn this damn thing around were going back !
about all i know about it is how to set the crazy thing .
go out the front door and turn left , you ca nt miss it , its the bright red thing .
how long do you think it will take us to finish cleaning the whole thing ?
that was really how i wanted to spend my saturday , out in the car feeling like shit , watching people throw away things they should nt have bought in the first place .
he d always had an air of mystery about his life when i was younger , going to this exciting place i d never been , to make things that most people could nt .
the only thing we had nt had the foresight to procure was beer .
as he wrenched the thing skyward as far as it would go , before ducking down behind it for cover .
i watched as he took another two painful drags on the thing and passed it to me .
i wondered why i d never done my bike test and used the thing properly .
what that place that makes all those electrical things ?
how in the world are you supposed to read this thing ?
really man , you ve got ta check that thing out .
charlie really liked to pig out on food first thing when he arrived back at home .
things were about to fall into place .
lets get this thing down and out into the river .
lets get this thing loaded before anyone else comes down the road .
she s a brusque thing .
looks like a plastic peg with a tiny thing on one end .
i said , are nt you the cutest thing i ve seen all day .
why these slow burning processes never actually erupted into consuming flames and char the book , and why on earth someone had to leave the damn thing in their attic in the first place !
those things are wood , you know .
this could be the last time he was going to hide that thing in his garment !
this is the one thing the sect could not wield effectively before they were almost completely destroyed by those demons from hell !
the computer that controlled this thing is two thousand metres below the earth surface , on the outskirts of the woomera rocket range .
moved , modified , this thing has been around and we ' ve been had .
` ` i would have to agree it 's possible , i remember reading of carbon deposits being the only thing left after an attack during the millennium wars by this adam weapon .
` ` god damdest thing i ' ve ever seen , took a man right out on the bridge of a carrier . ''
let me see this thing , we ve got to see what s in it at least , she said as she picked up the satchel .
but rego persisted , get this damn thing moving , cut him off , cut him off !
maybe you should take that thing off your shoulder , it will get in the way , doc said , giving a look to the satchel around regos shoulder .
point that thing down when you re done !
why do you carry that thing everywhere ?
how can that thing float ?
dunstan continued to hold the crown high while ethelred received the sword , a great heavy thing which sagged in his fingertips , sparkling with a gilt pommel.may all the strength of his enemies be broken by the virtue of the spiritual sword , and may thou combat with him , so they may be utterly destroyed , dunstan prayed .
his gloved fingers clutched the sword at his belt , a heavy thing that normally seemed presumptuous for a boy thirteen years of age , but now seemed the only thing capable of saving his life .
his gloved fingers clutched the sword at his belt , a heavy thing that normally seemed presumptuous for a boy thirteen years of age , but now seemed the only thing capable of saving his life .
they examined him afresh and their laughter burst anew and that young thing blushing the deepest of reds clean to her toes and mrs . driscoll that gossiping busybody of all people it was more than they could stand .
whatever it was , he bit it back and instead promised to return first thing in the morning .
i could - a grabbed us the wrong dang thing all by my onesy .
i did nt find the wrong thing , that s what i m trying to tell you .
if it had been himself holding the gun , the thing might have been harmlessly aimed at the sky or not even loaded .
gideon took it , shoving the whole thing into his mouth at once .
as he reported to chaiko , i am telling you she nearly ripped my thing off the way she thrashed about and carried on .
then it flashed through her mind that she knew just the thing .
startled , the women all screamed , for no one had seen him put the thing in his mouth .
dawn gave little things to each , the softest of skins , cured hide and leather , finely worked skin bags , scented items , rope , thongs , colored stones , small pouches full of aromatic herbs , and delicacies like dried fruit , nuts and honey .
he took it , uncertain how to hold such a thing , but his hands played along the smooth piece of wood , seduced by its sheen .
she and her sister then took this large thing and walked into the surrounding grassland .
his chances of hitting the thing were slim .
the talon went from hand to hand but there was still no comprehension of the thing .
chaiko motioned for them to bring the thing closer and had them set it up about a third of the distance .
the women could not understand how the thing worked even after dawn had explained it several times to them .
he remembered that about a year ago he had been given exclusive rights to trade this thing , and now wondered what had happened to those rights .
oh you poor thing , she said with exaggerated sweetness , let me fix it for you .
he frowned at the thing , thinking .
there had to be something to this thing , he thought , some power somewhere .
it had been such a forbidden thing in the past that even an occasional stolen contact with a mans weapon would give her shivers of delight .
she tried twirling it between her fingers as she had seen tara do but of course she was not practiced and the thing flew out of her hand , hitting , who else , rea .
she was more than grateful for the comfort the shelter offered as her bones ached so , but she had the greatest difficulty in getting kor to accept this newfangled thing , and actually go into the dark inside .
ile and lana ran to get fresh water , while nebu , suddenly drawn out of herself , brought a handful of soft skins , hairless and pliable , just the thing to wrap a new baby in .
emma held the little thing upside down , cleared the mouth and gave it a light slap on the back .
the most pretty thing i have seen in all my life .
yet each finger is a perfect , fat little thing .
and just how many people have gone lookin ' for this thing ?
mr . honkers , that little idiot , he better know how this thing works , as udgd really does not appreciate the thought of toppling into a giant ravine while inside a sketchy - looking tower like this .
you mean : go straight to the leader and kill them , then have the men drive us to the temple ruiny thing , udgd corrects , not finding sisys constant lust for blood all that practical to his goal .
so i guess we just need to bleed into this little pool - shaped thing ?
sure thing , dweeb .
the maid was a little thing , with her hair pulled back tight from her scalp .
of course , same thing .
he had spent most of the evening tinkering around with that robot thing from his cousins .
i sipped my scotch still not my thing - while she rummaged around in the hallway .
next to them were tightly wrapped packages of heroin , oxy , meth and even things i did n't recognize , the most drugs i had ever seen in one place at one time .
no one can find the thing since its buried under gallons of water probably fresh water coming directly from the feeder system of the jordan river .
the sediment bed will probably cover the thing with tons of mud and dirt .
ah , naw , i ai nt touching the thing .
i bet more people died from air poison then gazing at the thing , nods and laughs .
this is the prime reason that no one can find the thing .
brone ca nt touch this thing now .
now get off it and help me lift this thing , its heavy .
this thing looks big enough to be from eris first brood .
palmyra , do nt tell me you actually love this thing .
too much fire and the thing would blow up in landrics face .
you stuck him in that arena with that thing !
the man next to him nudged the soldier away and gently slid the thing down into his rucksack .
poor thing must be ill . eilwen decided she 'd have to use all of her forest skill to calm the beauty .
oh , so you call this thing with three wheels a tricycle ?
the thing they found was a lantern , with a plastic bag attached and two batteries inside .
yeah , i saw the same thing but in miniature format of tiny babies , some only weeks old from birth .
however he cares nothing for these precious things only one thing precious thing , your eternal soul .
okay , there was only one thing for it .
what about this thing ?
looking down , he noticed it was one of those weird sand things they had found earlier and then he noticed they were everywhere around him , but only in this small area where he stood .
i ve never seen so many of these things in one place , and look , joe picked up two of the fulgurites .
they could blow the whole thing apart .
this time annie automatically looked up as she went out the door and the thing had landed on her face .
sophie was the only one who could play with that thing .
well head out for st . augustine first thing in the morning .
they ll have trouble following us in that thing .
its the only thing they had .
but at least my butt has established some kind of relationship with this thing , so maybe i m not a total loss .
last night she had collected some of her things and taken them back to chases place where she had received an exuberant welcome from jake .
the guard was stainless steel and the whole thing was beadblasted to prevent glare .
this thing was like a chinese puzzle .
we could take all the firepower we needed for a full scale battle and no one would see it or hear it , and if we set off that weapon thing afterwards , there would be no evidence left that anything went on there other than a storm .
well , fire that thing up and tell me which photograph the skulls club house is on .
he had bought it in a city called belleragar , back in samehria , from a merchant he trusted , and it had been quite accurate so far , but the damned thing indicated a ridge of some sort , somewhere in their vicinity , although all he could see was pebbles and dying bushes .
it was altafs unwritten rule to pick the wallets and pockets and flee the area without even looking at the things they have taken .
so i jotted down all the particulars , signed it , and scanned the thing back onto my computer in order to email it to the hr office for the national park .
after i got out my things , the jammer drove off , beeping his horn twice as a sendoff , waving his hand in a flourish and the disappeared past the trees .
you are nt gon na play that thing after ten oclock at night i hope ... oh , do nt worry about that , there s not guitar in there its just full of drugs and booze i was hiding on the plane .
it was the only thing i had seen yet that was as i had imagined a rough , rugged simple chamber hard and unadorned .
sky told the rangers first thing .
first that thing around your neck , and now this thing on your wrist ?
first that thing around your neck , and now this thing on your wrist ?
it was the one thing that could at least give us something to go by there s no other information to work with .
i read over this thing 50 times , he said , holding up the pages of the report .
it was the same thing alia had worn .
i could nt begin to image how the thing worked to smoke through it .
greg , give me a call in the morning first thing .
but jake came to me here at the store one day and said he had already gotten things off the ground and had a truck coming in from calgary with two hundred pounds of weed that i was going to have to transport back to detroit , with one of jakes guys going with me to make sure it went smoothly .
i helped her pack the things into ronnies trunk .
the size of the thing took everyones breath away .
time and time again the shell disintegrated , but finally one survived which he showed to lana , who ohed and ahed over the perfect little thing .
finally he gave the falcon back to its owner and allowed that it was a fine , smart weapon and wanted to know who invented such a thing .
how can this fragile looking thing hold up the great eagle and carry him so high in the sky , above the clouds , beyond our view ?
we need some fresh meat , baer said ; my stomach rebels at one more bite of this dried out thing .
a man on the rope swore , someone should have pissed on the damn thing to make it heavier .
no one needed to ask if the thing had started yet for the sound of effort was resonating through the air .
chaiko , the creator of the thing , was still full of questions , still puzzled by the weapons mystery .
they gave me some herbs and things to eat and drink , but they have not helped .
yes , moose would be just the thing !
then it was suddenly over and ruba peered astonished at the thing he had created .
dawn could not remember seeing a single thing of interest after that , she was so worried about her children .
in moments ms . atwoods other ankle - length dress , a tartan thing of dark colors , was covered with mustard - colored hair .
it was a simple thing to rob and stuff in a pouch .
i suppose none of you shits saw a damn thing all night , is that right ?
it was the only thing open at that time .
the large metal door was bolted on , the only thing standing in my way .
to my disappointment , i found no such thing .
but why would he create such a thing ?
it is the only thing that can defeat a dragon of rainku caliber , he said and took out his mirror .
you help me get this thing over to my shop , discretely , he pauses to highlight the point , and ill make it worth your while .
that thing is as long as the child , '' tony cried .
` ` i want to leave first thing at 8 o'clock in the morning , '' jacques said .
` ` let 's burn the thing or dig a hole somewhere and bury it , '' emily suggested .
suddenly things began to fall into place .
she tried to cover up the accident with the goat , gave orders to dig a hole under a tree and bury claire 's things .
shove that thing someplace else !
do nt get near me with that thing !
see the tunnel , the brown thing on the plasma .
he wanted a tall tough female , not a small skinny sissy thing .
carefully he moved his fingers either side of the bullet , squeezing a good grip on the thing .
he was nt confident in his actions , yet bit by bit he started to pull the thing out , until he was done .
every night , the same thing .
he was a tiny thing , with messy light coloured hair and a huge smile on his face , the only one really looking in the direction of the camera .
now do nt ask me how i know this , but somehow , for some reason , i know that my arm , right here , he raised it slightly in the air , scrutinising the thing , is the key to turning off whatever it is i m standing in front of .
i collide into the base of the thing and immediately thrust my arm right into the middle of it .
charlie reached out to touch the thing , just to check he was nt imagining an hallucination .
he yanked it , until he snapped the thing off in his hands .
dammit , he barked , slamming a fist against the thing , and glaring up at the escaping chopper .
level this thing up , shouted charlie .
besides , who knows how long they ve been working on this thing .
its like a password that starts this thing in motion then shuts it down .
it may even initiate the self destruct routine that causes the whole thing to evaporate without a trace , at least not one we ' ve been able to identify yet .
any time you want to learn to fly this thing you just let me know .
i hope the thing 's broken for our sake .
and , the damn thing is fast .
to her regret she had too little time to thoroughly review the program while working at grosserkopf and then she had no reason to suspect the thing might not work again .
remembering an old professor shed admired she said , sasha , i believe you are smart enough to ask if a thing does nt work now why would you assume it worked before ?
this thing had the potential to be a weapon and nowadays weapons of that magnitude had become priceless to a growing list of unsavory characters .
maybe these rusikov brothers had a buyer for the thing .
it might even be a french thing , he thought , rolling the deodorant around his armpits .
what if he was wrong and the innocuous looking trinket in his pocket was the thing they were searching for ?
in fact , both elodie and her mother had thrust the damn thing on him as a last resort , when they thought they could nt escape .
i mean , did you see the size of that thing ?
you re not thinking of using that thing on them , are you , daniel ?
let me show you how to fly this thing .
how in the hell will that thing ever get through there ?
believe me , if i could think of anything else to coerce so much as another drop of speed out of this thing , i would do it .
well , sir , this thing is fried better than a hunrithian myops that flew too close to a magma geyser , he replied , throwing in one of his usually colorful metaphors .
while ryan worked on the electronic combination , daniel and anastasia searched the remainder of the house , using their nanocomputers to compare video captures of the various rooms to the schematics of the emperors palace , but not a single thing was found to be out of place .
you know , i ve been around a lot of years , admiral , but i have to admit i still have nt got the faintest clue how this thing really works .
her mother placed a plate of eggs , beans and tomatoes in front of her eat up , then you have to get your things ready for school .
and you d better apologise to mrs ramsbottom first thing in the morning .
my name is marante of chaslea , and this thing he pointed at kalin .
i do nt want this thing !
i thought this thing was set to disintegrate , she said , what happened ?
kalin let himself hang , his arms swinging above his head ; he had to conserve his energy and wait for the right time to bash the thing .
i wish i had time to study this thing .
i have to hot wire this thing .
ten minutes later the warhulk came back to station , dented , badly beaten , the glass dome splintered in several places , but this thing still ran .
jerry followed the sandals gold lacing that ran up the womans leg to the dress , the golden girdle thing that glowed even brighter now .
it took me three years to set up my own e - mail account , i would nt begin to speculate how that thing worked .
surely you have nt also given in to this rude age and given up politeness i can only imagine i just wanted to let you know they just left yes , with the book they were like little greedy children being presented with a chocolate cake oh i would imagine they d have the whole thing scanned by the end of the week , if not by the end of the day indeed by the way , thank you for letting them discover that scheme of yours , it led them right to me .
i really do nt think ill miss eating all that much now the wines and other whiskey are a different story true , it is best i never taste those again helena would be please to know i m not so , ill be getting a new model , not like that massive thing you have , right ?
the shuttle was an immense thing , archaic in design , yet with a grandeur and strength he found irresistible .
you think well get this thing to launch ?
you ve got that space thing , and i ve made a promise , father , one i intend to keep .
annie told them that this was the real prize and to play like we didnt do a thing .
the only thing that tasted good was the tall glass of coke that eliza drank a lot of !
first this jesus thing , then an arab terrorist , then randy mantooth !
and now shes into some strange oriental thing ,   said lena turning her greenish - blue striking orbs on him full force .
i got that damn thing !
are those straps going to hold this thing ?
you re riding this thing , right ?
this thing even looks like el chupacabra , muddy said .
damn thing nearly killed me .
if this thing breaks but he flushed the thought as he caught a dark , angry movement out of the corner of his eye .
it was the plushest thing he 'd ever come into contact with .
chancho added , this thing could be like a box of negatives .
you do nt think that i know my own father carved that accursed thing ?
suddenly , the disc rose up , spinning fast , and the entire thing glowed a golden yellow , filling the room around them with booming music .
especially this music player thing !
nope and point that thing somewhere else !
you promised bands to any synergy that passed this thing !
come on , power that thing up !
i got ta turn the stupid thing on !
that thing went right towards my head !
i want to try this thing out and then we can go get some food .
and what is that thing you just made ?
` ` so since it appears that were here to be a piece of expository pains in the ass , '' the generically named man said , ` ` i guess we should do something with this thing on the altar . ''
` ` yes , '' his odd friend agreed , ` ` why do nt we drag it through the village and brag about some nonexistent magic powers that we know this black fossilized piece of junk does nt have , but our dumb ass brethren will believe and send down the centuries as folklore that will somehow go unexplored until some idiot in the future gets it in his head to find this thing . ''
` ` i had to make up for your small penis somehow , '' the author said , ` ` now stop complaining and move that thing ! ''
` ` i do nt know , '' his odd friend said , rubbing his jaw , ` ` i do nt think that thing does a thing for sexual dysfunction , however '' ` ` you re just sore that i m waiting for later in the book to include the obligatory sex scene , '' the author said , ` ` now you need to put it someplace that it is plausible for something that big and black to be lost for centuries until i need it again . ''
now go hide that thing like good little mooks . ''
` ` can you keep this thing steady ? ''
alexandra looked closely at the little thing that was rather indistinct except for some writing on it that she had to look very closely to make out .
` ` at least you re showing good sense to know that , '' jim agreed , ` ` now we need to find out who the opposition is and why they want this thing . ''
he then started to play charades in an attempt to explain just what this thing was .
` ` subtlety is overrated , '' jim said , ` ` so what does this ridiculous thing tell us ? ''
` ` that does nt tell me what it does , '' jim said , ` ` i mean the only thing it ever did was cause an orgy '' ` ` it does more than that , '' reizvolle told them , the words rolling sexily off her tongue , ` ` it creates the urge for them , just bringing it through that town created that orgy '' ` ` oh my , '' jim said , ` ` d.c . is bad enough can you imagine if they brought that thing in '' ` ` it would be chaos , '' adam grinned , ` ` beautiful , sweet chaos .
` ` if were going to keep driving that thing i want the damned 8 - track player fixed , '' jack said as he got up , ` ` lets hope it is nt raining , shall we ? ''
` ` that s da vincis anatomical man drawing , '' jack said , ` ` what the hell is that other thing ? ''
i m going to try to find out why reizvolle and adam are trying to get this thing . ''
` ` then we d better get this damned thing back from that ledge , '' jim said , ` ` grab one end , ill get the other . ''
jim asked , ` ` man , look at the smoke coming from that ridiculous thing someone is gon na be annoyed we killed their snowmobile '' jack watched as a lift came over the edge of the hill , empty in this case except for a young kid sitting on one side and watching the whole thing from his seat .
` ` why would anyone build a thing like this ? ''
` ` i guess you should park this thing , '' jim said , ` ` lets go the last forty yards on foot , shall we ? ''
the oddest thing about the thing was the two figures sitting at the makeshift table at the edge of the edifice .
what the hell is this thing . ''
this thing is hundreds upon thousands of years old . ''
adam , not being completely stupid , managed to turn the thing over , strangling jim harder with his left hand while punching him with the right hand .
you give me that core thing and i can become a wizard ?
i m not sure what it was about that thing .
damn , that thing can jump high !
the damn thing made him cross - eyed when he needed to track enemies targeting him .
the dragonfly landed on his penis , which sunk on its own below water to get the damn thing off .
` ` every thing 's in a hidden password encrypted volume , so even if they got the laptop , they would n't be able to read them . ''
the poor thing will be frozen solid , '' says todd .
we 're supposed to go check out a lead first thing tomorrow .
the cold cuts , cheese and that sort of thing , once a week .
i think it 's time i went upstairs before you start shooting that thing at me . ''
` ` you 're not really gon na aim that thing at me , are you ? ''
` ` hey , i ' m scots , watch the limy thing , '' says jay as she wanders around surveying the apartment in detail .
david says , ` ` thanks , 20480 by 11520 and what 's with this wicked thing ? ''
` ` yeah , pete , no problem , every thing 's fine .
the whole thing is about 10 stories high .
` ` keep an eye on the displays for a while but i think every thing 's fine now .
and , here , do n't hog the thing .
you light the part of the towel sticking out and hurl the thing .
unfortunately , the only thing either of them can play is the radio but hope springs eternal .
this thing looks like a lot of fun , '' says bob .
` ` sure thing , come'on in .
that 's the only thing that fits .
i want this thing to respond in real time , not snail time , todd , '' says david as they drive across town .
` ` same thing , just a funny ring tone .
then we 'd pick things up and deliver them to other places around the state .
now give me that thing and i 'll show you how it 's done . ''
i still ca n't drive that thing . ''
that is if that pretty little thing kept him from offing himself back at the hotel .
the poor thing was now full stunned and seemingly cringing in on herself .
she s crying , poor thing !
ca nt you fix that thing ?
could this thing fire other stuff ?
you just put the damn thing on !
the thing was stifling .
would it rip his arm off if he fired the thing ?
it got even worse when jeremy could nt find the thing .
will you fuck off with that thing ?
he s got webslingers and super strength and his senses thing !
dr . sock was amazed that he d managed to hold on to the thing with one hand between his fevered grip and the sweat on his hand , the handle seemed stuck to his palm .
if you shoot the wrong thing you ll set the whole building on fire .
paul was wearing the same thing , only a white tank top .
the damn thing moved too slowly .
there were several which forced me to change a channel or switch the damn thing off , like the over - the - top car commercials , the extravagant perfume commercials , the late - night infomercials of promiscuous college girls , and the cavemen promoting car insurance .
so the mother says i ve got just the thing with a fake smile on her face .
the only thing i m looking for is a bathroom , he says .
he was wearing the same thing , only he wore a black short sleeved shirt , and a plain olive green hat .
damn , that thing is huge , paul wheezes .
if i get this thing open i m not going to let you have any , he said .
i grab the blade and slide it through my belti do nt go anywhere without this thing .
because when you look at the sun , the damn thing burns your eyes .
god , that thing is hideous .
gabriel said through the radio , now , is nt that the prettiest thing you ve ever seen ?
i did nt know how long the rusted thing would last .
we did nt know where in austin they were holding this thing .
last time i looked at that thing was a few years back .
frankie then dashed off to the highlands to steal things from her mother 's hotel : downies , coffee percolators , ashtrays , and towels .
i put a cheque for half the money in an envelope addressed to mairi and enclosed a letter : dear m : i ask you to give me something not much one thing only one thing a chance to complete this cycle with style with love not of the physical kind but the love that exists between two friends who ' ve got through that into another space where friendship counts a certain unity a shared dream you can be queen at the party and i the erstwhile king i ' m afraid to write this - like sound like a beggar but you see it seems to be very important to me how one does a thing - you are my lady and i your man of this cycle this epoch where we have reigned in our lives the idea of kingship comes in this way .
you call the thing were sitting at a table .
tick willed himself to move , but he could only stare in amazement at the impossible thing floating in front of him .
the first thought that popped into tick 's mind was the thing looked like a stainless steel accordion , ready to march away .
but ... his mind was blank , churning to come up with an explanation for the weird thing sitting in his closet .
the thing jumped .
whatever the thing was , it had just turned on or powered up .
he closed the door to his room and sat at his desk , wishing he could somehow transport sofia from italy so they could rip this thing open together .
forget about the atom - that thing 's huge .
he stood before the huge wooden door with its iron bindings and handle , barely able to breathe as he waited for the horrible thing to open .
in fact , take the thing out altogether and give it to me so i can sleep with it under my pillow .
jane took the odd - looking package through her open bedroom door , examining it as though she suspected it was n't the real thing .
after a quick breakfast of granola bars and apples , a unified hush settled on everyone as they helped mothball pack up her things and stuff them into the backpack .
she was n't close enough to use a sound slicer , and even if she were , she could n't use it ; the thing would turn annika 's brain to jelly .
` ` use the thing mothball gave us ! ''
paul wiped a big swath of sauce from his plate with a piece of garlic bread and shoved the whole thing in his mouth .
` ` where 'd that thing come from ?
dad lifted the thing until it was an inch from his eyeballs , then squinted again .
paul reached it first , holding the odd thing up for everyone to see .
i put the blasted thing right in the middle of their wall !
he stared down in horror at tick , who was lying on the ground , the weird metal spider thing on top of him .
` ` the only thing in here is that stupid chair , '' paul said .
the rickety thing sat in the corner , looking like a sad punishment place for a naughty child .
let 's go check out that glass thing . ''
i agree with sofia - we should see what that thing is . ''
` ` maybe , but it sure seemed to me like that thing was right next to the glass . ''
` ` master george built this entire gigantic tube thing just to test us to see if we could push a button ? ''
poof , nice and easy - just like the chair thing . ''
` ` then i 'll use the ... thing you gave me . ''
he closed it anyway then knelt on the floor and pushed up on the lever with his shoulder , screaming with the effort until the thing finally snapped into position .
` ` how long were we in that thing ? ''
tick could n't think of anything he 'd rather not do than get back on that thing .
this ... device , this thing , that controls those infected with the nanoplague will be well - protected .
the place had no windows , and its door was a simple slab of wood , the only thing on the shack that had ever been painted .
and the thing he put around your arm was a highly illegal device called a nanohijacker .
it was almost indistinguishable from the real thing , and tick felt the sudden urge to reach out and smack it .
at first nothing moved , but she let out a scream of effort , throwing every part of her into getting that stupid thing off- the metal box toppled over with a sound lost in the symphony of destruction filling the gigantic chamber .
chu 's palace collapsed toward the ground , the whole thing at once .
` ` yeah , what 's the deal with the chu thing ?
` ` the antidote hit the thing ?
it still made him uncomfortable to think people might be gawking at the ugly red thing on his neck .
she 'd been talking to an old man and his boy , just beginning to wonder if she dared try to step through and escape the nonex , when the whole thing collapsed into a spinning vortex of gray mist .
but it hurt to remove the thing , and even if she did , the result would be disappointing .
you could begin eating a piece of fresh fruit and have the thing turn rotten before you finished .
the scant drifts of sunlight that filtered through the leaves glinted and winked off the shiny golden surface as she maneuvered the thing until she held it directly in front of her folded legs , its bottom end sunk into the debris of the forest floor .
the thing was heavy and hard to hold steady with one hand , but the noise and chaos of the battle still raged , and there was no one to help him .
that creepy mechanical thing full of robotic gnats that had stung him and sent him to the hospital .
tick watched in awe , knowing the thing had almost doubled in size since he last looked at it from a safe distance .
in an apartment - an ordinary , drab , dusty old thing that had n't been lived in for years - located in the middle of new york city , reality prime .
why would they have done that with the whole thing about to come down ?
his body doubled over as he grabbed the ridged metal of the thing that had captured him - it felt like a wire on an old telephone pole .
he twisted and kicked with his feet and tried to pull the thing loose , to no avail .
testing some theory on the edge of his mind , he picked up the poor little thing and tossed it into the slice of pulsing light .
or did you forget your little jaunt through chu 's mountain building while the whole thing was falling down , saving tick , then pulling him out at the last second ?
the button at the top - the one that would initiate the chi'karda drive and wink them to somewhere that was hopefully a lot safer - looked so enticing to mothball that she almost reached out and pushed the ruddy thing herself .
he swore to understand what the thing was and how it worked some day .
he doubted if he 'd ever understand how the thing worked - if it was alive or a mindless pool of unchecked power .
the entire thing disappeared in an instant .
it is a thing of beauty , inspiring the people , and offering security ... ... against an enemy who has never existed , hamish said .
i turned the strange thing over and over in my claws and gave it an experimental sniff and nearly choked .
look , if no - kill wanted to smash us with the thing , she s had ample opportunity to do so .
i had taken the only real weapon we had , the only thing stronger than my spells and our steel , and used it to give a proper grave to his enemy .
how he had come by enough parchment and ink to create such a thing was a mystery to me , but dragons often had rare and valuable things in their hoards .
but i do think we should get rid of the thing .
she told me i was in a thing called a barn .
no idea how were going to get that thing out .
i tossed the evil thing away .
the damned thing was a reaperone of the mutant variants the frelsians had gotten so good at breedingspiker with wings .
the thing was neither nimble nor strong as a flier .
the damned thing was aiming to trap me .
the thing squealed and snagged , making me stumble repeatedly .
the thing was truly on its own now .
had to have surgery with plates and screws , the poor thing .
i shaved with some five - bladed pink monstrosity of a razor and it was a real challenge maneuvering that bulky thing around the tighter contours of my face .
i wondered why someone had even bothered to build this thing .
she was quite alert but frail , a withered - looking thing .
there are two waypoints entered into that thing .
poor thing can hardly stand .
she would stare at the thing and run her finger along its facets and curves , before shaving off of a stray whisker of wood or scooping out a dimple .
the damned thing was just another kind of humongous reaper .
i wondered whatever made urszulas crowd think that they could ever take such a monstrous thing down .
i did nt realize you can have the damn thing come to you .
get as big a cash advance off his credit card as we can , and then we just burn the damned thing .
you put that thing down !
and then that bright thing , no longer a speck but an object , a weird fluttery assemblage , like some kind of six - winged bug , hovered directly above me , about a hundred feet up , marking my exact location .
it was the kind of thing i would have been thrilled to find in one of those caches you find in florida near old seminole encampments .
so i m just supposed to walk around with this thing sticking out of me ?
up close , the thing looked solid , more a whirling mountain than some gathering of clouds and dust .
the thing was bulging , straining at the seams , looking like it was about to hatch or explode .
wear that sexy leather thing you had on the other night , ok ?
why had nt she taken the damn thing off while she was waiting ?
imagine , the most valuable thing in all of arria , in all of salarria , taus cup , right there in the palm of your hand , he said , holding out his hand like he was presenting the sacred chalice to basha .
the idea that i had lost this handkerchief , the one thing that you had from your mother .
sisila pulled away and explained , i went to the town hall first thing this morning , but its so packed .
oaka and basha do nt look a thing like each other .
this thing can cut like a knife , a sword , and yet it is full of whimsy and marvels .
he drank the whole thing before lying back down .
he drank the whole thing down in one gulp .
put that thing down , she croaked .
i ve been playing with this thing while you were sleeping .
how long will this thing last at full illumination ?
i think i understand this thing sufficiently to program it ... if that s the right term .
this thing is a lot hardier than it looks .
with much effort , he eventually found a hidden button , and the thing sprung forward .
the thing exploded .
i m telling you , she could kill us all with that thing .
i do nt see why they would implant those things in different places .
before she could wonder what that thing was .
she quickly but daintily ate the entire thing and pushed the plate away .
i do nt understand why you demanded to wear that thing , daughter .
look what we have here , a pretty play thing .
there were so many zombies around it that the thing was rocking back and forth as if it might tip at any moment .
the damn thing was huge .
i signed off on that stupid fucking thing , and it went for big bucks as i recall .
he 'd handled the situation extremely well , considering the only thing that bled profusely was a single , solitary tooth .
he could n't find a thing .
she could nt fathom how this thing of beauty that had been embedded in the side of a cliff for who knew how long could be hers .
and , strangely enough , fear is just the thing to spur courage .
the poor thing had gone through such a horror , she was ready to fly her back to thildin .
the thing was so beat up ; i d have to let it go soon .
another passed in front of me , a scrawny thing , more scraggly than intimidating .
i swear i turned this thing off .
bree hopped onto the bed to watch me get dressed , you 're a scrawny thing .
they picked me up - a leg in the hands of each underling guardian , vic carrying my upper body by the zip tie around my wrists like the damn thing was a handle .
the center had turned me into this thing , capable of making the decision to use violence in an instant .
the damn thing practically jumped out of my hands .
the unruly thing never would have been my first choice as a weapon in the confines of the corridor .
i think i need to experience more of the nightlife , see some shows , that sort of thing .
she had to borrow the damn thing from her roommate priscilla who was the complete and polar opposite of her .
i d hate to see you try to lift this thing when its soaking wet and slippery .
they got back to the church parking lot and made arrangements for a mcmillan crew to begin work first thing monday , and keenan promised to send updates of progress .
but then i was planning on opening a shop , but i worried how i 'd fill the damn thing up with my work .
i 'd made a point of cleaning it last night , because the darned thing had been littered with dirty dishes for almost half a week now .
cocaine was n't a weird thing ; it was just a very illegal thing .
he leaned back in his chair , the damn thing creaking in an effectively ominous way .
despite the fact you had very much wanted a nice , compact , new , affordable hatchback , you would be driving away in a 1970s low - slung thing with a dent in the back , rips in the front seat , and a ridiculous noise emanating from the engine .
i really did n't want to walk for several blocks in this dress ; i would have to be on constant guard duty lest the damn thing blow away .
you could take on a train with this thing .
and if it were desperate , i would find a way to clamber up into that car seat , and drive that huge thing .
maybe it was the mere thought that the only thing protecting me from the creature outside was a couple of centimeters of old , moth eaten green velvet .
i turned in my grandmother 's arms to see the thing buffet inwards .
the door banged again , and the whole thing jerked in against its hinges .
though i did n't have any keys , i just made the motion of doing it , and the thing roared into life .
i ' m no magic medic , but this thing feels dark , i frowned as i patted at it lightly .
well , a pretty little thing like you should nt have to sit all alone in the dark and wait for him , he said , ignoring the hint .
it was a flashy thing , impractical and very full of stuff .
the damn thing stuck .
each time rozzy touched the thing , it found a new hiding place .
why is that thing going off so early ?
kali got the coffee machine going , the only thing in the office mack had invested more than fifty bucks on , and took a seat at her cluttered desk .
a pretty city bred thing like you will never make it out in these parts .
then he fished out the only thing left inside the duffela medium - sized envelope containing passports , credit cards , drivers licenses , and birth certificates that made each identity unique and valid .
cals sweatshirt was the handiest thing , so she took that too .
was that thing even worth the gas you put in it ?
on the twentieth ring , she snatched the phone from its cradle and considering pitching the entire thing through the kitchen window .
that thing is not our daughter !
how did a leader of our kin become that ugly thing you saw in the desert ?
do you have a permit for that thing ?
instead of kali , the thing in the darkness showed cal someone else .
one can not help but be impressed at the size of the thing .
the thing was nearly eight feet tall , dark and knotty , with a texture so dry as to appear petrified .
in the end , he just threw the thing away , barely managing to get rid of it as , with a final wail , the independent power bass simply poofed out of existence .
` ` that 's okay in its place , but you ought to read things to improve the mind .
as i was struggling past all the obstacles and out his door , he has the stupid homemade thing out and is stabbing at me .
ill skip my classes tomorrow and come up first thing .
the paralysis broke and donny smacked the thing away .
i do nt know why that thing wo nt move , donny said .
they do nt have parking breaks this thing looks like it should move , but it just wo nt .
its the only thing i ve seen so far , chris said .
i ca nt imagine the only thing here would be a dead end .
knowing this was the thing he had came for , jake manipulated the center latch and opened the lid .
no idea , but this seems to be the only thing worth looking at in this whole room .
use that thing again , and ill grab it !
but when we saw this thing was built for two , it just hit me .
we read the weight specifications on this thing .
i m not sure how to steer this thing , but i think we have to turn this control bar and probably shift our weight .
i guess so i just wish we knew what we doing on this thing .
i thought this thing could hold three people , donny said .
we can use the fabric from this thing .
i doubt anyone will use this thing again anyway .
he and mike had gone in on some cheap furniture and things for there new place , but then it went south .
well its a good fuckin thing we took that thing to my house instead of yours .
do nt worry , we will take that thing and pawn it up in reno and you can buy a new tv with the money .
it was easily the largest thing in the village , higher and wider than everything else built around it .
when leo 's canoe landed on the beach things were definitely out of place .
this thing was clearly the source of air pollution .
i guess you ' ve traveled more than the rest of us and hunted around more places so you probably know things we do n't .
where does he hide that thing ?
` ` can you justget that thing out of here ?
` ` because , '' hailey shoos kai toward the end of the cot , away from serena , ` ` the thing was wrapped with wolfsbane and she had already managed to get some on herself . ''
` ` no need to scrub the tarnish right off the thing .
if i hold this tiny little thing , i wo n't be killed ? ''
it 'd be faster than plugging through that thing . ''
we 're never going to crack this thing .
then you can start the job first thing in the morning .
do nt go off like a frog in a sock with that thing !
it was incredible ; the speed was such it was almost as if the whole thing was engineered .
to tell the truth , its hard to hit a bull in a shithouse with this thing , but just holding it will triple anyones respect for you .
he would be delighted to examine such an esoteric thing , but his tongue would be wo nt to wag .
you re the sweetest thing ever i set eyes on , he said .
the thing was as different from a musical instrument as death was from birth .
i found my roommate , kendrick , sitting at our cheap wood dining room table , his books and papers spread out over the entire thing .
chapter 3 her house was a grand thing .
best thing for a bitch that bites is a beatin .
i have money to pay , but they d probably do it just to see me in that ridiculous thing .
it was already too hot to wear such a thing and would likely be sweltering inside the coach .
i also think i got a splinter in my lip from this thing they call a cup .
the size of a large coin , it was possibly the most extravagant thing she had ever seen , crafted in gold with a myriad of tiny jewels set to display ipid and , by implication , dasens crest .
even now , the thing felt heavy on her neck , like a loadstone rather than a sign of love and commitment .
though it was , in reality , an enormous beast of a thing large enough to serve as ipids mobile office the prospect of sharing that confined space with tethina for the next few hours was terrifying .
pine needles and leaves covered the thing to keep out the rain , and pieces of hide hung over the entrances on either side .
the whole thing was not more than six feet long and maybe four feet high .
well use it to carry this thing to the stream .
the robed figure gestured the thing up .
well , i had to clean the thing , and it was really hot .
silhouetted against the cloud was a large creature with the wings of a bat just like the thing she had seen by the stream only far larger .
he gestured toward the terrible thing .
he thought about leaving it but knew that teth would probably send him back for it , so he kept plodding along , wishing that the thing would get lighter rather than heavier as it seemed to be doing .
he did not know what he could do , but he grabbed the first thing he saw and turned to the bridge .
after five straight days of that horn marking the beginning of his days , he guessed that he would be used to it , but it still sounded like thorold was blowing the damned thing right into his ear .
` ` i was wondering why you were carrying that thing .
in any case , i eventually decided that if i was going to carry the thing around i should learn to shoot it .
he held the one - tined pitchfork tightly somewhat surprised that he had not impaled himself on the thing as he went down .
he stood and flailed , pulling at the things small legs , but it was clamped in place .
she spread moss over each of the cuts , covered them with a strip of blanket , then covered the whole thing with a large square .
the thing stood twice as high as ipid .
within the thing were a mlange of swirling images jumbled together like a tornado .
i was certain that we would be riding one of the stoche , but then you created that thing .
ipid wanted to tell him to put the damned thing away , but he knew that the warrior would just as likely shoot him as put the bow down , so he held his tongue and hoped for the best .
i did some time in the army in me youth , an i still member how ta use this thing .
dasen watched in horror as the thing he had created did exactly what he had designed it to do .
such a thing would be very valuable for someone of my station .
also , she may not be evil , but after centuries trapped in that thing , she might be insane .
hey , was n't it weird what that thing said about us returning ? ''
i go places , i see things , and i meet people .
` ` leah , we already looked at the thing , '' she said .
` ` well , i do n't think anyone broke in here and summoned this thing , '' maryann said after a few minutes .
` ` i do n't see any signs of forced entry and i have no idea how this thing got in and i have no idea how we 're going to get it back out again . ''
well , at least we did get rid of that thing , '' leah said .
the kanji was for a wind spell that she had hardly ever needed to use , but it was the only thing she could think of that might have an effect on the real world .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
we 'll leave first thing in the morning , okay ?
mom kept bugging me to join a sport , any sport , so i picked the only thing that did n't conflict with orchestra .
but i ' m a bad adventurer because i do n't have fifty feet of rope in this thing , leah said .
the overlarge black garment hid the thing 's shape , but they could see dozens of insect - like legs sticking out from the bottom .
why do you stay down here with that terrible thing ?
drop it and help me open this thing !
maryann , i ' m sorry , i know you 're worried , but odds are n't good we 'll find this thing and i do n't know how we 'll handle it if we do .
it clattered to the floor without damaging a thing .
the poor thing did not understand geramn was here to help .
the thing was barely drivable , and the only reason i drove it is because i m way too broke to be able to buy myself another car .
hey , i thought necromancy was the thing the bad guys did .
suddenly , the very same thing launched from my fingers .
i wo nt touch that thing , he says , meaning me .
without giving it too much thought , i shove myself into the first thing i can grab , an informal peasant dress trimmed in green , and hurry to the mirror .
i ca nt even touch the thing .
if there is one thing i can do is keep a secret and yours is safe , locked away in my heart , irene promised .
the poor thing had finally collapsed from exhaustion earlier in the day .
talon is good with herbs and things .
he knew the armor of god mentioned in the bible was not a physical thing that could be worn , but rather a spiritual source of strength .
when i mentioned this questionable advertisement , playfully twisting a few left - over bars of iron into decorative shapes , he threw in the use of a cart to get the thing to the quayside free of charge .
pretty thing ; i chucked her chin and won a smile .
finally , though i jarred loose several of my teeth , i put all my strength in such a violent kick that the thing flew off , ricocheting from one pillar to the next , bowling over some corpses and splattering two or three others into fragments .
he saw my glance and raised the thing up .
i could hardly focus on the thing i held between my thumb and fingers .
poor thing , i said .
did you ever see such a thing ?
i did nt have much choice ; he d practically shoved the thing up my nose .
as though he felt my scrutiny , he glanced at me and said , ` ` did she say ' gates ' or ' doors ' , this evil thing in the temple ? ''
a dozen sheer black tents descended from the ceiling , each flowing gracefully over some kind of bed - couch thing .
son of a did they cement this thing in ?
we ca nt very well steal the thing from him .
you poor thing , nora said .
send the tailor in first thing tomorrow morning .
those things too closely alluded to dark , shadowy realms ; to otherworld entities , which were very real and far more dangerous than any mythical monsters , more terrifying than the average person could even begin to conceive .
dad often let him help , showing him how to dig flower beds and fertilize plants , how to hammer nails , and even letting him paint things .
is the thing really gone ?
i d never seen such a thing .
he told me to call him if i had any questions , and i found his number in your flippy thing .
this thing is way too powerful .
do you know how to use that thing ?
it was a beautiful thing , but not something of particular interest .
he d never asked andre how he came to own such a thing and he wondered now at its provenance .
he d never gotten round to asking him how he came to own such a thing .
how came you to have such a thing ?
i 'd brewed it first thing , taking elaborate care to put out the sign that read ` ` kira 's stash . ''
i had conjured him out of the brass lamp by rubbing the damned thing .
` ` how did that thing get so clean ? ''
it would n't have surprised me if she could launch nuclear weapons from that thing .
she filled the thing every morningwhen i was a kid , i believed her when she said that fairies replenished it at night .
the house was a giant old thing , just off lake of the isles , in one of minneapolis 's oldest districts .
i 'd been strangely reluctant to leave it behind in the apartment ; it was almost as if i feared my position at the landmark would evaporate if i did n't keep the thing with me .
paying extra hands to move the damned thing . ''
that thing is too damned heavy . ''
` ` we might as well paint the whole damn thing fluorescent orange , '' john snarled .
` ` we wo n't start striking this thing until tomorrow .
we 'd likely get the lion 's share done in one night ; it was always easier to tear things down than it was to build them up in the first place .
thank god for jenny , shed known exactly what he d been thinking and loaded his bag with gravol and some special little thing you put behind your ear .
she had been referring to his hawaiian shirt , a thing he never vacationed without no matter where they went ; he even wore it on their last ski trip to banff .
the mp3 was the only thing he was actually grateful for on this voyage , so far it had been boring , just like he knew it would be , but his dad had made him come .
it was a thing o beauty , inlaid gold in the grip , anyhow , there was a wee bit o gold leftover from it and ma faither asked the noble if he could hae it fer himself , ta make a weddin ring fer his bride ta be .
huh , ohpeter , he should nt be in that thing while were sailing .
the only thing left now was the detonator .
i never should have worn this stupid thing , she buried her head into his chest .
if that s true i m busting this thing down .
it would take quite a maneuver to turn this long thing around .
alex took it from her , felt its weight and wondered how she could carry such a thing .
he d shot the thing directly into the wall itself .
he had thrown the thing with all his might with the hopes he would knock the beast off the wall onto the ground below .
ha , no , this is nt a candle he said indicating the thing which definitely did resemble the walking nightglow stick .
wort queried for he too thought the thing was for daylight making during darkness hours .
they would see something which caught their eye , place it in one of their pockets and completely forget they d took the thing .
please stop swinging that thing .
what kind of money does it take to fuel a thing like that ?
i say we get going first thing in the morning .
i used to love opening her cupboard and seeing all the things that my mom had banned in our place - like twinkies , ho - ho 's , and other sugary goodness .
put that nasty thing away , kelly said with a look of disgust .
saeunn simply ducked the lower half of her body , bending at the waist and then standing upright to flip the thing over her .
the thing was massive , easily reaching more than twenty feet in height , and surely weighing in excess of one thousand pounds .
he was a brutish hulk of a thing , with a bloated belly and stiffened muscles atop his back and arms like none orngoth had ever seen before .
the other was a toothless wretch of a thing that hunched over severely when he walked and who spat when he spoke or laughed .
ill steer the thing if you do nt mind , tiyarnon said , eyes facing forward but knowing full well the dwarf had a smile behind him that went ear to ear .
they ca nt keep this thing up forever , said the officer .
my name is alexander saintjohn and that thing you hold , it is very dangerous !
any of you see where that bloody thing went ?
fuckin thing wo nt open !
both sides came thronging to the thing , and snorri pushed forward the case .
307 sleeping 308 sleeping 309 sleeping almost time for a coffee and a cake , thought simon , you need these things to get through the night.he checked the last batch of prisoners .
that time we were almost caught before we incinerated the thing , and west doubted the advisability of repeating his daring misuse of the college laboratory .
he had to kill someone every day because of the damned thing what would happen if someone else used it ?
scary thing , he realized .
the thing was way too large for her , the shoulders ending halfway to her elbows and the hem well below her crotch .
a tiny slip of a thing like her probably took less than a six pack to get this drunk .
my back ca nt handle another night on that thing .
the boy was quite relieved and after a quick supper , went straight to bed that he might be away first thing in the morning .
put that thing back , he demanded , as the light shot across his unhealthy features .
such a quest demands strange materials , among them fresh human bodies ; and in order to keep supplied with these indispensable things one must live quietly and not far from a place of informal interment .
you do nt owe me a thing .
the cross was the only thing that resembled a religious icon inside the small chapel .
she seems a special little thing .
a special thing indeed , talis , a special thing indeed , he murmured .
a special thing indeed , talis , a special thing indeed , he murmured .
form some kind of druid magic link or some such thing ?
head on a pike sort of thing .
how d the thing go ?
the silly thing was practically falling apart and looked ridiculous .
the silly thing , dad had never got round to fixing it .
what s that blue stuff and the big warm bright thing ?
that thing is as big as a house .
plus , that thing fired half of that sh on its own .
you know - the thing the humans say works for godgods pets oh you mean an angel yeah , an angel thank you , veunic .
i found the , fin , thing in a cave .
watch where you re throwing that thing ... zybu mumbled as he ducked .
he told me to suffer and shit and be patient- the first contract comes his way , for some of the most devilish shit in the world , he signs the thing instantly ...
he said , which is somewhat funny because he was so self - assured when he swung the damn thing .
dude , all this thing does is warp bio - electricity around .
do n't be sad for the cow he just killed , it died from lookin ' at this ugly thing not from the huge bite marks on the ribs .
look at that damn thing ...
if such a thing could become fully ambulatory , it would be dangerous indeed .
such a thing would not work to reach the next part of the temple , but that was no longer an issue .
the thing was nearly sixty feet long with a massive wingspan .
every time he saw the damned thing , he always got the new world heebie - jeebies .
it was such an old thing at least five years is rather old for a nineteen year old .
the sword hung against the bedside , a rusty , tarnished old thing that looked better sheathed than drawn .
he approached his wreck of a car with trepidation , hoping every time he stuck in his key that the thing would start .
when was the last time he had seen such a thing ?
stealth was unnecessary , as his fate was already sealed , but as he looked ahead into the abyssal gate that was his garage door , he thought about how many times he had been at that exact place , staring at that exact thing , at that same exact time every day .
he could see the thing tumbling down from such a great height , smashing into the ground , the metal deforming with gravitational force , bits of memory and silicon erupting in a shower of sweet , sweet destruction .
the goblins cranked their gears and set the thing in motion .
the gideon story thing was the only thing he had , and it was stupid .
the thin creature with large bulbous eyes struggled against his bonds , a tattered loin cloth the only thing covering him .
he cursed and opened his door , searching for his little wiping thing he saved for just such an occasion .
he shrugged and kicked the door , but cursed as the solid thing stood unbudged .
they moved through the desert on the landspeeder with no name , and saw that there were plants and birds and rocks and things .
i mean , there were probably a hell of a lot of innocent people on that thing .
why had n't he burned the thing already ?
he 's just a thing .
the paint on the metal structure had long since faded , as he recalled that the elders had in the past called this metal thing a truck .
hadge started yelling , get inside that thing !
the pinnacle of that moment hadge cut the only thing that secured them to the troll , feeling the uncontrollable sense of falling .
hoax or not , the thing was animated into life , and he could think of only one way an inanimate object could come to life , the book from his nightmare , the edge of darkness .
he berated , who was the idiot that was moving that thing ?
the deteriorating wall was the only thing separating them from the monsters , as tiny fragments of dust and rocks chipped from the exterior .
hadge started to freak out , as his thoughts stammered , whatwhat is this thing ?
the only thing he could find in that general location besides all the cracks and crevasses was a small cancerous bush , as its branch still swung insecurely , and fresh blood dripped from its open wound .
it was a strange sight , sure enough , but yet it gave him pleasure to see such a clean thing as this encircling wall that gave protection to so many .
this place is great , but my home has things you ve never seen before .
it is the only thing i have left that belonged to my father .
poison dart frog venom is just the thing to keep her down for as long as i need .
canny thing , abington thought .
papa , i fail to see how this hat thing will stay on my head .
they all automatically looked over to where macconnach had flung the thing .
i d just gotten the last button undone , ready to rip the thing off and get in position quickly , when ohhhhhhhh god !
i clutched at it , scrabbling on the slippery thing , trying to fit it into place .
i was there a second later , poking and prodding the thing , dancing like a child that had to pee , trying to figure out if it opened or my secret box was screwing with me .
with the wholesecret room , thing ?
it was nt the only thing whipping back and forth why is everyone always naked here ?
the word was outwhatever strange kind of thing i possessed , it was exactly the kind those monsters were looking for .
a third slice had the thing cut in half , the pieces not able to slide apart before two more slashes carved it out of existence .
maybe human once , maybe all creation , this thing was so unnatural my stomach started to twist .
a sheath of clear hard plastic , as well as two more sturdy leather straps , all of it molded to and wrapped around his torso , held the whole thing together and in place .
strake supposed that was so no one could punch the thing out and hurt themselves with the glass .
did they have any idea what the thing cost ?
darrence woke up most days without it he could hardly sleep in bed with the thing on , could he ?
and this team of boys was the farthest thing from a group of knights that she could imagine .
in fact , the human version paled in comparison to the real thing .
it certainly was not the sort of thing we find in every town we sack and burn ; but just how well it fished , he 'd yet to learn .
the wasan warlocks summoned demons , and deployed the things to harass eden 's band -- the weirdest breed of birds we 'd ever seen , with batty wings , and glowing eyes of green , and snaky necks , and horny lizard scales , and deadly stings on scorpionic tails .
the silver clock shed inherited with the house gleamed like no other thing in the room , and its hands seemed to be dissolving from one hour into another .
it feels almost as though they ' ve trapped magic in that thing and are using it as a fuel , merlin thought .
it 's powered by the same thing that their radio was .
the only things back there are some fruit trees from the house that stood here before .
that thing is a spell that was placed on him .
merlin would n't dare try to touch the thing though .
before merlin left for the night , he reminded dieter to be ready first thing after breakfast tomorrow morning .
what 's the armament on this thing ?
their trail led to a cliff face where the entire thing showed signs of enchantment .
it was the only thing i had on hand , lad .
they both knew hunting down such a thing would mean exile from their tribe .
and one bright , beautiful thing .
a travelling corset , not so tight as the dreadful thing shed worn yesterday , and a clean underdress to go beneath it .
when no one else was looking , she pushed her bead into the thing and lit it .
the caretaker did not bless me with daughters , and i will be cursed by the black spirits before i let this beautiful thing go to waste , she said .
she wheeled her horse around to face him.you have no idea what its like having this this thing !
look at that dull thing , gennevan said , grabbing dardans right hand and inspecting the plain gold band .
tear the whole thing down if you have to !
mundane attackers would have a great deal of trouble getting to the keep , though a male magelike vincent or garencould tear the whole thing down in minutes .
shed feared he would leave at any moment , so shed given him the only thing she could trade .
ill send marcus to pick you up first thing in the morning .
the collar at his neck dug deep and he had to fight away the urge to snarl and tear at his own skin in a bid to get the damn thing off .
while he did nt seem like the most trustworthy character he was the only thing i had seen in those woods that could do as much as promise to help .
the great building gave one more heave and the whole thing went down in a heap .
i was a cute thing .
the things were all over the place in there .
that cliff thing sounds familiar .
the thing was engulfed in flames .
why should n't i find this thing and give it back ?
i unloaded each thing quietly while bridget told sean about our daring rescue .
jake , get out , ill bet this whole thing lifts up .
` ` if any of you even breath another word we will rip this thing off . ''
now if i can just get past feeling physically sick even opening the thing , maybe i can start to get to the bottom of what 's really going on around here .
but she still had to put the thing back .
` ` i look at pretty things , too , he quipped , but there is no man like the great sage of ramah .
this is the thing that ha - satan spends his time endlessly spinning and contriving with relentless and tireless efforts .
` ` i have seen this kind of thing made in pairs and they are often placed on necklaces .
but , because of the french name imbedded on the inside of the thing , which nobody even saw , it was a must have among many of the girls at our school .
i can come by tomorrow if you still have nt found the thing you wanted to show me .
where d they find the tent to make thing ?
i always wondered what happened to this old thing .
you have to be very careful with that thing , warned rebecca .
the only thing in the duffel bag was camping gear .
you do nt know how to use this thing .
throw that nasty thing away and follow me .
where d you find that thing ?
when the garage door opens , get this thing in quick .
i m running out of juice for this thing !
the framework of the whole thing was metal struts that held the glass in place .
the ice clinked in the bottom of my glass and i realized i had downed the whole thing without noticing .
for me , my sword is a friend , a gift , and for ponal it is the only thing remaining from his old master , who got killed not two days ago .
` ` now put those damned thing away under your cloaks . ''
the heat gets evenly spread out through the body via the arteries , which is made functional by this here squishy thing . ''
' listen to me , i ' m not even sure this thing is working but my name is wacchus .
' well if you do n't put me down i 'll pull the whole bleeding thing out ! '
give me a break and let me out of this thing , ' he shouted across to the keeper of abaddon .
now , how about getting this thing off me ? '
besides , this thing 's really uncomfortable .
he gave it a quick shake ' and why is n't this bloody thing working ? '
' is the damned thing ever up ? '
i need this thing to see just exactly where this bunch of clowns is heading for next . '
' can you get , ' he said slowly , ' the damned thing to work , or not ? '
' it 's that bloody great wooden thing over there ! '
well , seethats the thing , jackson said , shaking off the glare .
it was a small thing , only about the size of a penny , in the window of a store .
she needed to get off this subject and luckily she had the perfect thing to distract her friends line of thought .
the thing in the ground was long and pale , and as he pulled it upwards he felt something below move awkwardly .
zachery rushed back to the stable and grabbed the first thing he could use as a weapon .
when the animal came to the robots leg , it stopped in surprise , as though it had travelled through this spot often and had never noticed this odd thing in its way before .
altian had doubted that the thing had even existed .
so no , i will not wield this thing as my own .
seemed like they could walk the durn thing down themselves .
as soon as i stepped inside , i was assaulted by the best smelling thing i d encountered all day ; deep dish pepperoni pizza .
i grabbed kennans hand and jerked him out of the museum before he burnt the whole thing to the ground just to bury the man inside .
i said one movie , its not my fault you slept through the whole thing , homey , '' he said , taking something out of the oven .
look for things , things that do nt seem right , things that are out of place .
look for things , things that do nt seem right , things that are out of place .
my face started flaming as i stared at the lacy thing .
after all , i was nt even inside of the thing , so no harm done as far as i was concerned .
i had nt felt like digging through my clothes that night and had just put on the first thing i d found .
his tattoos were the only thing clothing his torso .
you re quite the feisty thing .
i want the real thing , '' molly said while wagging her eyebrows .
i ' m quite deadly with this thing . ''
what is te damn thing though ?
how re ye even just sprintin up this thing ?
how is this thing so smart ?
glancing down kakri saw the entire thing was coated by the glowing web .
looking up , kakri stopped as the light glinted off a giant thing hanging from the ceiling draped in the webbing like the rest of the room .
its the most amazing thing i ve ever owned , she said , before telling them how much she loved them .
they stared after it in shock , shaking their heads as if they had never seen such a thing .
instead she thanked the sky for his help , and then went to the task of setting things up for the return to the sky ; namely , she started growing the underwater plants into trees and the forest as she thought to herself that the trees would be necessary for helping them to breathe on the surface , making air for the sky .
it had taken him days to repair that thing , and it was all that he had left of his boys now , that and the balls they had once juggled .
moving it around , touching iti think you ve grown too attached to that thing .
i wanted to say before that i figured out the doomba part in the oracles prophecy with the black wolves chasing us , and this gruelmoff that tried to attack us when we were young , basha , tried to attack you , oaka insisted , the one that i told you to forget about then , but it was the one that we saw the old man fight off , with his bare hands and some kind of whip thing .
taus cup , was the most precious thing seen on earth yet , a beautiful gold goblet encrusted with black jewels and diamonds along its rim , touched by the cloud ruler tau himself with his mark still upon it .
every priest wore the gods pendantindeed , it was the very thing that made the gods markand a priest was charged at all times to guard it , so father brion almost never took it off .
the old priest knew that there was no such thing in the church , and he had no great certainly he would find one in the village , which was nt much given to idle trinkets , but he silently promised to the god that he would make one for her out of the petty coins in the offering bowl if he had to , in order to keep from being false .
where did you get such a thing ?
it was beautiful , and it made her love the god fiercelyto have created such a thing to link them all together .
why do you leave these things near my trees ?
kip saved her by saying , she s a bit of a thing we picked up on the road , a real country lass .
to his dismay , it was the only thing he d ever worn that did nt itch .
and he s that certain a pretty thing like you would never look his way twice .
but the movement was only a bird , a tiny thing with a brown - capped head and prickly little feet .
for a rotten piece of flesh , this thing sure can take a beating .
lot went to his sleeping area and gathered his things .
it had been years since the enslaving of the forest engeniums had ended , but thaddeus could still feel a sense of superiority in the way azonis had overturned rasmere 's decision to gather his own things in preparation for the journey ahead .
you act as if you know this thing is going to explode !
` ` you could have just caused me to set this thing off . ''
sandrena had heard that the only telltale of a boshail was a left arm severed just below the elbow , thus removing the only other thing that could betray them as facelesstheir clan mark .
it was strange that such a thing would look remarkable on these women that sandrena had come to know .
it was the first time sandrena had ever seen such a thing .
another man , putting off just as much power strode up to the sexy thing that was still watching us , and after a moment of me pretending i was nt keeping an eye on him through my lowered lashes , he moved along to the back of the bar with his buddy .
as i pulled away and started out for the bathroom , my towels battle to stay firmly planted around my body was lost , and the damn thing fell all the way to my abdomen before i caught it .
it was like the damn thing had been custom designed to highlight everything i needed it to .
she did , and rose up on two feet tucking the sheet in here and there , making a damn dress out of the thing .
she was beyond smart , but reading for fun was not her thing .
asi and ash had gone to her apartment to get a few things for our stay at ashleys familys house , so they had nt arrived with us .
you are a pretty thing , are nt you ?
the wall , however , meant stairs , and first thing in the morning .
my god , that thing belongs in quarantine !
ill start first thing tomorrow morning .
the tickertape thing at the bottom of the screen announced it was nearly nine a.m .
but the blasted thing is too hot .
or , i give you this thing and join the ranks of the fashion victim vampires .
he owned the whole thing , taking the top five floors for himself .
the blasted thing might not be hurting , but there was still damage there .
backed the work up and we were having big trouble getting the blasted thing fixed .
on top , she had on a bra , a pearly , lacy thing with half cups i d been certain had mistakenly ended up in mercys closet instead of an adult shop , and a very see - through , white blouse that ended somewhere around her belly button .
he s gone to all the trouble of setting it up , may as well spring the stupid thing .
about eighty kilos of enraged , supernaturally strong dog pulverised the thing .
should be an easy thing to find .
there were rusted nails ; scraps of newspaper ; a dried out spider husk that might have very well been the thing that killed the mouse ( either scaring it to death or by sitting on it ) ; a coiled length of barbed wire that seemed too new to have been lost before the laying down of the geological strata of floor coverings , and things i couldntor did nt want torecognise .
and then the bloody thing was pointed right in my eyes when it came on .
the only thing she wore was a pair of sunglasses .
my fingers sifted through the muck with diligence and care , until , at last , i found the thing i d hoped would be in there ; the sliver of a broken bone was more than i dared ask , and with a patient , tender touch , i bent down to the task .
my eyes adjusted quickly ; this is what i saw : a thing of utmost beauty : a gem - encrusted harp !
i see , the voice went on , a little manly thing !
that thing just came outta nowhere .
maybe you could explain exactly where i am , why you ve brought me here , what a simathe isthis thing that i m supposed to have , and who in the world this artan person is .
it was the most delicious thing i d tasted in nearly a week .
my lower lip curled as my vivid imagination conjured up a mental picture of that thing tearing into flesh , the strong arms of a simathe wielding it .
curse the thing .
` ` i 'll show you the problem , '' johnny said , ` ` see this thing ?
` ` this thing lights up when there 's juice present .
` ` here , take this fucking thing away from me . ''
` ` i took the damn thing away from her , sal ! ''
at a red light he suddenly realized he could not recall driving from the university out to the black forest to his father 's house , collecting his things , calling jake , and then driving back to the city .
right now we 're taking us a little joy ride through ... '' ` ` gim me that thing ! ''
several tubes connected to a tub - looking thing .
i was pretty sure the tub thing was the gas tank and one of the tubes led to it .
i shook my head at the destroyed thing , its beauty would n't be realized , it would n't be appreciated .
he smiled , good , i was wondering when you were going to give up that thing .
man , and this crib , a buddy of mine could take this thing apart and make it into a totally tricked out new one that could sell for buckets of money , and his voice faded out of my mind , the loud enthusiasm never faltered with him .
i adjusted my top and shifted straighter as i noticed four other girls wearing the same thing as me .
she fumbled with the gold locket around her neck , the only thing that she had left from blackbell .
unfortunately , i could nt read a thing .
the thing dwarfed the redwoods in california .
the thing seemed like it would tower over every other tree in the whole forest .
oh , turn that thing off .
it 's the only thing i have from aunt hilda .
sparky ate the whole thing , no , i think we might need to go shopping .
with a menacing glare , simon said , ` ` i got just the thing for both of you shit - heels .
do nt know how a dragon can satisfy a pretty thing like you , he said , but i would be happy to show you what happens between a man and woman .
it is , after all , the only thing that will not burn .
with the sudden jolt of pain , he nearly lost control of his halo of oneness the only thing keeping the dense atmosphere from turning his body into pulp .
you mean that thing ?
a thing for a thing .
i could cook you alive with this thing . ''
his sister must have emptied the whole thing on his face .
why did mary hold onto such a thing when they could hardly afford food ?
the thing flopped from her head to the ground , flapping wildly .
shawna blushed , then glanced down at the furry thing on her shoulder .
is this thing working ?
immediately repulsed by the tainted thing around her neck , she let it go as if it had burned her .
guess this thing works .
* * * can i get salmonella or something from this thing ?
his desk was a big , black thing , crammed into the middle of the little room .
stacy keenan could nt get the thing to make any noise whatsoever .
that is what we are calling this flute , though giving such a thing a name is almost silly .
every night since she could remember she had put that awful thing to her lips and failed to make it sing .
she caught the eyes of one of the panthers , lying now on its side and staring up at her , the only moving thing in the room .
yeah , robert chimed in , we went through all this for you to play the thing .
and so they did , traveling through the forest on the well - worn path , a thing crafted in some distant period of the world for purposes that none in the group could know .
this floating thing .
uh , a floating thing .
people went about gathering wood and others things and in a short time everyone had set up camp to protect themselves .
alexander and lena started to wander around trying to find some good dry wood while gaspar was unpacking things to build a temporary shelter for the group .
will you start you darn blasted thing !
` ` neste , the most wonderful thing ! ''
she gestured trying to demonstrate the bridge tilting , the whole thing dipped this way towards the water , and cables started snapping with pinging sounds .
the red suit collapses in a clanking heap as a surly - looking hammersmith gets himself together to angle back at me , that big meaty right of his sweeping away a faux antique - looking desk - counter - type thing as flimsy as a kids science project .
tell me about the other one , the thing .
turned her into this thing .
thanks to the titanium and ceramic armor plates , the thing weights around one hundred pounds .
her carpet was still smoking , and in another moment there was a worrying whooshing sound , and the damn thing caught fire .
get out , henrietta screamed again , this time clutching the first thing she could grab , which happened to be a heavy book on swedish verbs , and then twisted around to throw it right at the man 's head .
it was quite possibly the gaudiest thing henrietta had ever seen .
at one point there had been a sodding great singed black hole in her jacket , and then the thing had just fixed itself .
so after an age of experimenting , she had settled on the thick porcelain of the bath which was probably about the most fireproof thing she had in the house .
because , if hell froze over , and brick agreed to go with marcia to the masquerade , then there would be only one thing he would wear .
lycaon had seen things hector knew he never would , from the cypriot copper mines to the strange pyramids that rose out of the sand in egypt .
she crossed the meander river by a bridge made of bronze , a thing shed never even heard of before and wondered at , amazed by its beauty .
but while the sellers were there you could buy things at half their usual price ; saffron from the east , powdered ivory from egypt , lions teeth and tiny clay pots of pepper .
get this thing off me , she gasped .
his mind reeled with the possibilities ; he could control stirm through such a thing and the seer would no longer be required .
he wondered if the king had sent it , or whether the bird had an eye for a shiny thing and had just returned to its home , forgetting that it no longer existed .
sir your hand the thing you made .
we can make a thing to fit behind the plough , maybe , that will do the job all in one go .
they constructed a thing like a fishs tail , a closely - fitting silk sleeve that pulled over her legs and fastened at waist and knee , with fins made of slender metal rods and more greased silk .
so let me just check , palferran , by tomorrow we have to have found a thing never before seen by human eye by any eye at all .
you are not some stupid , pretty thing to be admired and ignored .
finally she turned back to her bundle , and now she pulled from the shawl in which it had been wrapped a pendant , a simple thing , made from a smoothed stone with a hole in it , through which was threaded a leather thong .
the pieces were cunningly fashioned and lodden showed him how they fit together to make a pendant , a beautiful thing with a tiny compass in it .
merran had nt packed a blessed thing .
the lump took the thing , probably the dagger , and plunged it through the middle of the biggest lump .
where the hell was the thing ?
the thing looked like it was built for the elements , built for the hunt , and the sight of it made her legs feel like liquid .
the thing was in the kitchen .
the thing was still in the house .
she prayed the thing had bullets , that it was ready to fire .
we can help you , but you have to put that thing away , the man said .
what did this thing look like ?
from everything shed seen , the thing was fastthe snow would nt have proved an issue .
if this thing would just the vehicle lurched .
it looked like the only thing left .
remarkable never in my life have i seen such a thing , he said and narrowed his eyes to inspect the artifact more closely .
i ve seen many fakes in my time and this thing looked brand new and real .
as an extra bonus , it can change to any thing you wish , such as a cane , pencil , or whatever .
what was that coin shaped thing you stepped on ?
still , i have to admit the annoying thing did wake me more quickly than other traditional types of alarms .
i m getting use to this thing .
i ' ve calibrated this thing a hundred times , taken it apart , hit it with a hammer , everything .
` ` bloody thing , it has run out of batteries , '' she said .
but i think i would have smashed the thing anyway .
that thing does not look so pretty .
what a sweet little thing you got there , lady .
you poor thing , blaire said , patting my back .
the necklace was the only thing i had not seen in the shadow reaper 's vision .
so i m a thing .
the thing was obviously too large for the goblin , but ripping it free from the corpse , gnak was able to pass his head through the piece with little difficulty .
it was a large thing in comparison to the other nearby shacks .
where his helm had before been a plain cylindrical thing with horns that curved up from either side , now the front had been reshaped into a wicked skull , the visor making a mouth that seemed to roar , filled with pointed teeth and two great tusks .
when all recovered i saw that he had a uniform on , and that there was several elf man wearing the same thing all around .
they yanked and pulled at me , lacing my bodice and pulling the pink thing over my head , which was quite snug .
in front of me was the arena everyone had been talking about , a huge stadium - like thing .
i quickly gave it to nanini , wanting the thing out of my hand .
he walked over and stopped at nanini , picking up a bronze cuff - like thing and again his face turned serious .
i was trying to get the thing off my back but it was like trying to move a freaking truck , and he was pressing my wings into the ground .
i watched as the redheaded woman transformed into a huge half lion , half eagle thing .
why on earth would i make up a dream where i wear such a stupid thing ?
go to hell , demon , i replied and turned around , ready to run in this stupid thing i was wearing .
i picked out a black leather thing and opened it to find a pair of leather pants .
i kept my distance while looking at the thing .
fight , you worthless thing !
i opened up the case slowly , just in case something was about to pop out of the thing , and found the two most beautiful swords i had ever seen , rivaling even chaxs .
we would hit new orleans first thing in the morning .
master ogima was not on the floor yet , leading aleria to conclude that he was spending only the bare minimum of time with them , probably because the whole thing was worthless .
he was goin out to butcher a pig first thing this mornin .
be careful with that thing , lady .
will you please watch what you re doing with that thing , agnar , grundi the windy screamed .
watch where you re going with that thing , you almost had me tail off !
that old thing , oh , yes , it was a present from my cousin angus mcsvensson a few years back .
yes , thanks , roisin , the queen said , they can make a start first thing in the morning .
will you be starting first thing in the morning ?
they ve taken charles home now , but they said they d come back first thing in the morning , mara said .
enlisting a child spirit i sent him the message : i want a light in the night that sheds without heat , winged and strong , tame to me and fierce to all else , and when you have brought me this thing i will consent to be your wife .
confectionaries are probably the only thing made from scratch in our shop .
that thing has a name ?
just drink this bloody thing and move out .
i have the same thing that miguel had , she said gently .
she s even worse because she came back from the dead- and ca nt you see that thing in her hand ?
the statue of dave brown can be the first thing .
you poor thing , said paul coldly .
walking over to the thing and smiling down at her son , she asked better now , sweetie ?
its an emergency , i promise i wo nt ask for a thing for my birthday !
darla , just get him the blasted thing , said ben , amused as mum pouted .
fine , keep the thing .
i- for goodness sake eric , do nt put the whole thing in your mouth !
you poor thing , matthew- why did nt you tell me ? !
i d make sure they did nt leave with a thing of mine .
eric watched as i put some ice cubes on the flannel then wrapped them up , placing the thing on my right hand .
when you see that- the weird look thing , then you re safe .
when you see that- the weird look thing , then you re safe- you can touch her hair i lifted my hand but my nerves got the better of me , and i made out i was putting it in my pocket .
i tell of your firssst life only , not your second get lost- i wo nt do a thing to her !
did the thing really have two heads ?
but this time she had outdone herself in dietary weirdness , for the object on the table , once cleaned from the white stuff , was the strangest thing gallan and raddia had ever seen .
gallan and raddia considered the tale in silence , and then raddia said , and you believe that this thing is one of those circles ?
dropping the thing on the table , he hurried to put his glove back on , fumbling because his hands shook badly .
he was such an odd little thing , the guards were at a loss as whether to arrest him or literally kick him outside like a ragball .
and yonfi could neither take the sugar back home , nor did he like the thought of breaking it ; this was still a strange house and it was nt right to break other peoples things even if they were dead like master gaddel .
and besides , it was as likely that he would ever fly in this unwieldy thing as if he merely flapped his arms .
to begin with , and even though by then they had all seen things that defied the firmness of their previous convictions , it was hard for them to fathom that creation ( a word puzzling by itself , since it implied the existence of one or more creators ) was nt limited to lurien and feerien , but included countless other realms , strange and faraway and all comprising the offspring of the inconceivable thing that was norien .
and though she still wore the same drab , shapeless thing which had nt begun life as a garment beneath it now there swelled the plumpness of a body on the verge of womanhood .
but just as they were shifting and settling and aching to sleep , raddia felt something sharp poke her back and sitting up she saw a white thing protruding from the ash , and extracting it she realized with horror that it was a long flat bone , not unlike the ones in her own forearm .
it was gallan who first spotted an unfamiliar spear - like thing protruding from the ashes and pulling it out he unearthed a kind of goat with great sharp horns , which turned out to be just one of a flock that had been buried under the ash and thus remained perfectly intact .
she prayed , but as it approached she became aware of another peculiar thing : the speck of white did nt grow bigger as it should , but remained a tiny thing tossed this way and that .
the stupid thing wo nt shine !
at first yonfi was groggily reluctant to try his luck again on the thing that had brought him only frustration and ridicule , but when raddia calmly explained gallans plan , the idea of digging a huge hole in the ground proved very tempting to his playful , boyish side , and soon they were on their way to where the stone had been left .
she did nt ask for drugs first thing when she walked in his door .
may i ask why you wear that thing upon your back ?
but the moment was short - lived , for the fuse was lit and the entire thing went up in an explosion of wood and fire , sending splinters and limbs here and there across the battlefield .
you are a small thing , daenard said , the lids of his eyes growing heavy , as if he were to fall into another swoon of slumber .
you re a crusty thing for a man yet to meet thirty .
the dapper cowboy ignored the postman and held out a key , a beautiful old - fashioned thing with ornate scrolls worked into the aged metal .
what did that thing need with heads anyway ?
sabina dangled the watch - like thing from the end of her finger .
sabina made me try on the watch - like thing .
the forest ranger , moses , held a modified tape recorder thing .
i ve just the thing for dislodging jewels from ghosts .
your new colleagues do nt like me because i m a thing from the rift .
` ` hey sweet cheeks , what 's a pretty little thing like you doing out here all alone ?
` ` quit being stupid , '' she hissed at herself and grabbed the damn thing , opening up the text screen but only looking at it with one eye .
unless he was counting that forehead thing as her prize .
i actually gasped aloud when i saw the size of the thing .
it surprised me so much that she had n't been either kicked out or had numerous complaints against all the noise she must ' ve made when she turned the monstrous thing on .
right between a honeysuckle and some reddish flowery vine thing i did n't know the name of i saw bobbi reclined in a hammock .
i had nt even seen the damn thing in his hands !
and are you seriously going to talk to me that way first thing in the morning ?
it was a short , squat thing made almost entirely of glass .
feeling dizzy and slightly nauseated , i took a seat in the only chair available , a stiff - backed uncomfortable thing .
` ` my goodness , newbie , what did you pack in this thing ! ''
` ` told you i did n't know how to play this thing . ''
` ` but what about computers , tv 's , and cars , that kind of thing ?
commander : she joined the guard to knock that thing down .
yeah , i ve got the same thing , but at eleven .
alice takes off her coat , a woollen thing with a fake fur collar , and puts it on top of my duvet .
i do nt have much time to dwell on them however , as no sooner than victorias left me alone , a nurse pops in and starts checking my vitals , asking how i m feeling , that kind of thing .
i may wish to subdue you again , perhaps take you back to eldenizar to be my play thing ?
he d thrown his lot into the gambit ; the sword seemed the best thing to peak her curiosity , he hoped it was sufficient ; there seemed little more he could do .
where does he keep that thing ?
that thing on your face , it felt like it was on fire , miles said .
the idea of ever being bored enough to go through the thing appalled her , but she stopped by the reception desk and stuck it in all the same .
geez , you whack that thing once and i do nt think well have to worry about it anymore .
like that thing they found over by the farm ?
casting a look around , he grabbed the nearest thing and ran to the front .
sorry , got to put this thing down before i throw it , he said and dropped a large cage in the center of the room .
people kept disappearing in the area , and it turned out someone had a thing for luring in strangers and turning them into animals once she was tired of them .
neither of them trusted the thing , as its pendulum tended to stick halfway through the swing , and the big hand would occasionally do a quick spin around the face when they were nt looking directly at it .
the communicator on his wrist started to beep shrilly and miles swore , slapping at the thing .
one look at that mark , and i knew i should keep an eye on this thing .
by the sound of it , no one in town is even looking for the thing !
she must have heard he was looking for this thing from one of the mer or the other people he asked for help , and sent you here for it !
you re going to turn in your key and leave , first thing in the morning .
yeah , this could take a while , and that s just to calibrate the blasted thing .
he nodded at terra , and the hunter moved closer so that he could whisper , okay , i m going to go ahead and get a look at this thing , and , no offense , but you re going to get in that tree there and wait for me .
that thing ?
and that thing had to be magic .
no , i am not about to get on that thing .
terra looked over his shoulder and grabbed the nearest thing to hand , a broom left by the terrified shopkeeper now hiding behind his counter , and swung it at the griffins head .
what looked like a black cup holder thing came out of the wall .
star stood up on her back legs and pressed her neck against the holder thing .
i pulled that whole thing .
i hauled this thing up three flights of stairs .
charlie had a lot of things : jars , lovely bowls , mugs balanced on all the hooks and nails coming out of the wall he d never had a purpose for , a big brick of wood with a shit - ton of knives inside .
it still had the foot when i got it , but i met this fucking gorgeous girl a few days later down at murphys and we went at it so hard , the damn thing broke right off .
behold , he snarled and tried to throw it , but his fingers dissolved and the bloody thing dropped .
even by his standards , the thing was rank , smelling of sweat and dirt and murphys .
she stood in front of the bathroom mirror , putting a new face on , wearing a slinky thing that a year ago he d have said he d die happy to see her without .
and what the fuckd you pull that stunt with the salt for , you face gray , every line in her body a new threat , charlie crossed the flat in three great strides , picked up the first thing that came to hand and swung .
like the kind of thing he d expect a girl to have in her apartment , a yarn afghan folded on the back , a pillow at the far end with some kind of flower on it .
a twisted up in politics , even more powerful now that he s dead , thing .
his shoulders hit the wall , hit a wall hook with some kind of tasteful little tapestry thing hanging beside the door , and he was trapped , falling , pinned , dissected , lost in black eyes , and loki was grinning .
he was nt exactly hercules here , but you d think he d be able to budge the thing .
the thing had wide wings like the eagle that had flown by and there were glass domes where the eyes should be .
the ancient ramaean artefact thomas had discovered was akin to a thing that your historical records call the antikythera mechanism ; a device that was first discovered in the early nineteen hundreds off of the greek island of antikythera .
you actually conceived and help build that wretched thing ?
i have concealed the wretched thing in the floor of my workshop for the past few years .
i can swing that thing with my thoughts ...
i ca n't remember much about it ; but they tried to find out if we knew where this thing was .
what was that thing , anyway ?
this time , the bolt hit the clock right in the face and the whole thing exploded , leaving a pile of smoldering debris on the floor of the cave .
` ` we 're getting there lov , and you remember that thing is n't a toy . ''
` ` damn stupid thing ! ''
i remember that cute little thing who almost gouged your eyes out .
` ` like the semester she ended up not having to clean a thing because of debts owed to her for simple favors .
a bow 's a good weapon , and i know you love that thing .
` ` do you really have to smoke that thing while we wait for sanche to quit pouting ? ''
and secondly , yes , i do have to smoke this thing . ''
but no matter , i ' m sending missy and tinkle here to search for him first thing in the morning . ''
light sped up it and within seconds the whole thing glowed .
as she looked at different things they would change or flowers would bloom from the formerly barren vases and pots .
when her mother had moved to rayan , tanes before she was born , this cabinet was the only thing she had brought with her .
wily thing like him , probably sipping vensa in some city somewhere , hal replied , hitting murray lightly on the chest , with a knowing grin .
and this cloak will keep you warmer than that thing you wear .
it was an unfortunate looking thing , old , made well enough but nothing spectacular .
removing it from the scabbard the two warriors were greeted with a thing of such beauty adris objection to having his sword taken vanished .
perhaps there is something among his things that could prove useful when we find a place to build our home .
get that thing out of her .
it was the only thing she had left after the accident , and she was certain it would unlock the chains that held her memories lost .
scar slammed his fist down on the wiggly thing and it cracked and made mister creep show draw in his breath real fast .
this thing would make him invincible , he knew it .
some black thing shot out off its fingers like a magic trick and hit scar in the screwed eye and it felt goodern the pink and it was gone .
he took off that damn thing they always put on there to keep idiots from burning their hands and threw it at the dude .
i m not about to sign a thing .
somebody oughtta explode that thing at itself .
they shoulda nailed that thing down a little better .
he loved it cause it was like solving a puzzle just to drink the damn thing .
the wrist thing buzzed .
i hate that thing .
it was the coolest thing he d seen in a long time .
you sure are a lezzie little thing .
the shots had that thing and they were all in the dark meat of the third world .
she borrowed one of those damn scooter things from someone and managed to strap the crutches in place .
he carried that son of a bitch around for two weeks , hoping somebody would steal it so he would nt have to finish it , but those fools were smarter n he was and nobody swiped the damn thing .
the real thing , tough - cock .
take your dumb thing back .
can we read this thing ?
they broke all to shit and so did the futon thing and scar was happy enough to break more stuff .
he picked up a cheap little thing for a tv to rest on and got close on a camera .
he smashed a few things made of wood , then dragged all of it into a pile .
you do nt feed people that computer web thing .
how much am i talking to your little botnet thing right now ?
the fish dude did a cool trick where he cut a orange peel and skinned a bit off and damned if it was nt a little dude with a hard - on made out of that white thing at the top of the orange .
scar pointed at a couple of crossed gook swords on the wall and he thought that was about the coolest thing he d ever seen and he decided then and there they was gon na have a helluva swordfight .
everybody laughed again and the dude took off the ski thing .
he took off his leather necklace , looped his new ring in , and rolled that thing three times around one of his wrists .
damn this thing .
he threw the thing down .
his real eye was on the screen door , dreading the awful moment when johnny tidwell would burst through , his giant frame nearly knocking the flimsy thing off the hinge , to take th 's slight hand in that tear - inducing manshake .
in this place of howler monkeys and black wasps i have plastered white the walls of my hut , and here i will write of my life in the village and in the temples of our fathers , and the things i discovered there .
most families would cut their own wood for their needs , but some families have no boys or only small boys , and these were the families who paid my father with obsidian carving blades or other things .
in truth it was wood carving that my father did most , since selling these things brought a little money to our family and our lineage .
for me he sent a strange thing , a tiny feather - bundle that smelled of old moss and dead frogs .
when the traders left our village , we sent things with them for atlatla : good valley tobacco and darts from my father , warm clothing from my mother , and from me a small sandal i made , to show him i was seeking a strong path .
after that day i was more watchful of my mother , and when i could see that her spirit was trying to leave , i gave her flowers or tiny hummingbird feathers i found , or other such things , to ease her burdens and keep her spirit close to our village .
these are valuable to trade to young women , for flowers and other things , and so i said thanks to lady insect for the skins of her children , and returned to my home .
atlatla sent one other thing for me , a tiny pebble of jade which was darkest green and gleaming .
it must have taken generations , moving and packing and plastering over the earth , to raise up such a thing .
i went to the river and collected some wild flowers and put them in an urn for my mother , then i took all my things to the storytellers hut .
i fished around until my fingers found a small , smooth thing that i drew out .
i did not want things this way between kaakik and myself , and i looked down and opened my charm - pouch and slid this new thing into it .
that was what i was looking for , from the northern city or the valley , from any place where such a thing could be found .
in that place i stood waiting for the crackles of yellow lightning that flickered across the sky , and during each burst i looked over the piled stones and shrubs for the tip of a war - spear , or any useful thing .
this worthless thing i did not even pick up , i was not going to beat tzak balam to death with an old sea shell , no matter how well - carved it was .
she made a spider of these things and stuck coconut hairs onto its legs and body with sweet tree sap .
i went and seized that thing as well , there was a cry from several men when i claimed it , but i raised it against them , and they did not try to retrieve it .
that night i slept in the tomb with my brother , i lay in that reeking place with the spear and the priests things , and though it was cold , there was comfort from atlatlas presence in that place .
it was a strong thing not easily broken , great were the aches in my muscles , afterwards .
though i wanted to keep this thing , it might have held him in this world , and so it went onto his pyre .
while rayhold and cenobia had sat mostly near the horse post , leaving for a while to show rayhold around the village and grab a bite to eat and fresh water , vandor and kayla had slowly passed through looking at every little thing each booth had to offer .
the fire pit was more like a fireplace ; there was a chimney like thing that stuck out of the top of the gazebo so that the flames could nt harm the wood .
i decide to swing too so i put the folded blanket in my jacket and then i sat down on the thing and began to mimic her movements .
i then walked over to her and watched as she looked at the unstable play thing .
logically , i knew this was stupid ; the only thing that separated us from the ground was fifteen feet and a ladder .
i quickly turned around and began to look for the next best thing : a weapon .
what s a pretty thing like you doing in a place like this the man said .
there , looming over me stood an enormous creature , its misshapen torso sat on thick , squat legs , huge stone wings protruded from its massive back , powerful arms ended in rocky , clawed hands , a thing out of legenda gargoyle .
the only thing that would be left would be the hangmans platform , a constant reminder to everyone at market that they were just one crime away from public execution .
she s dreaming again , poor thing .
the thing cracked and moaned under our weight , which solicited a whole ream of fat jokes from my brother .
he glanced derisively at his sword , can you actually use that thing ?
whoever made the cumbersome thing must not have had the best of tools , or materials for that matter .
at that point , though , he was starting to think that maybe just bashing his head against the damn thing would be the best course of action .
it showed off and it looked comfy , kind of like a cottage - in - the - woods type thing .
well , obviously it was a knife , but kira handled the thing like it was a special kind of knife .
although it surprised me that it was the laugh and not the burning tree that caught their attention ... whether they were oblivious to burning things or something like that , it sure came across as strange to me .
he asked , ` ` i guess i need to take a bath in this thing as soon as possible ... '' i nodded .
called myself ' sable rose ' and did tarot readings and things like that . ''
i found out the thing was a spirit , but i had already guessed that .
` ` i ' m wearing another leotard thing , are n't i ? ''
` ` i ca n't help but notice , '' isabella said with an annoyed expression , ` ` that the neckline on this black one - piece thing is so low you ' ve added clear shoulder straps to hold it up .
` ` okay , yes , but i ' m not going to take any of it , i promise , not a thing . ''
` ` but you have your own style always wearing those orange and yellow things and those ' 60s - era red glasses . ''
` ` isabella , are you sure you want to keep that thing ? ''
they had seen several variations of ` ` world 's biggest thing '' and some of the uncredited but clearly odder museums .
giant floor mirrors with wrought - iron frames seem like the sort of thing some rich person might commission during the gilded age , but i ca n't place it specifically .
` ` this thing has some very strong magic .
` ` um , we 'd better go before the curator gets here and asks what the hell happened to this thing , '' leah said .
` ` and leah 's if she had gotten to that thing instead of me ? ''
` ` well , we did n't see that thing set any kind of alarm , but you know more about magic than we do , '' nora replied .
anyway , better hurry since i do n't know how long that thing will be busy . ''
` ` this thing keeps losing the satellites though .
isabella , i hope you 're right , and you can find this thing , '' nora said .
` ` you sure it 's safe to leave that thing in the rv ? ''
ran back out and got my things out of the trunk , locked my door and then i went to my bedroom .
three days she awaited re - union with her lord , and on the fourth she brought forth a son ; and taking him in her arms she said : little son , i have longed a while to see you , and now i see you the fairest thing ever a woman bore .
i have never seen such a thing in all my years .
there was no way i could go through that thing without being chopped in half by the rope !
things like padlocks , jail bars , handcuffs , bug spray , saran wrap , and dozens of other oddities that were usually used to protect one thing or another .
i reached out and took the grimy thing .
a small little thing like a pocket watch could be overlooked maybe , but a great big thing like a backpack ?
he bent the thing and it glowed orange - red .
a small , shallow thing -- dr . burdock had aptly described it as a pond .
you ll do some unskilled construction work until this thing is built , but you ll also have a little time to study .
the only thing she strapped to her frame was her dark - skinned elk quiver that belted around her shoulder , full of finely sharpened , metal - tipped arrows .
he knew princess robyn as a little angry girl whose look of uncertainty and mute terror betrayed her training in nobility ; as the pretty thing on her brothers arm , shown off at parties , and forced to dance with the lordling boys of noble houses ; as the articulate child with eyes too old for her age and a charm that bent the highest nobles .
he put the blades edge against the side of his wrist , prepared to cut the damned thing off , starting with his hand .
i ai nt never seen such a thing in all my life , the mage whispered as he worked .
she had never seen such a thing , and her respect for him grew .
she had been pouring through the thing for days , and one finger now marked a page .
it was such a handsome thing ; it would be terrible to ruin .
most herb shops do not carry such things , but start drinking spearmint by the barrel .
the battle of the red moon took place in malinster castle , which is a little thing on a hill and was never designed to hold back anything but unruly river pirates .
what part of hell did that thing come from ?
a pretty little thing he thought .
well you see we have this little thing to help us , balzimar held up his hand and in his palm there was a flat round stone , half the size of his palm .
but when seymour asks her to lend him one of the keys , number 147 , she turns her back on him , snatches up her pail and cleaning things and quickly leaves the room she s only half cleaned .
the frailest thing i have yet beheld , and it is the world 's great hope ? '
he tried to add a tie to the ensemble as well , he had seen his captors wear them , but be damned if he could figure out how to use the damned thing .
this thing was not constructed from the soft curves of muscle and flesh .
no , this thing was formed of the hard straight lines of metal .
this thing was forged by the hands of men .
check the gauges , crank up a heavy blues beat , and drop that thing into gear .
make that thing scream .
9 january she gathered all the things she thought might be necessary : an assortment of spices , a candle and matches , dried rose petals , wine , a bottle of ink and the right pen , a small silver mirror , a tiny bell , two russian thimbles , and a photograph of her grandfather .
i thought in kaldia they had all sorts of things we do nt have : fireworks , wind - up clocks , wood prints no , this is something far beyond fireworks . ''
` ` by the way , what is that ridiculous thing perched upon your head ?
a pretty thing . ''
you know - this thing - this contraptible - this submarine - this technology , leaving the suggestion hanging .
then suddenly the thing slipped to the side and out of view .
she showed him a small device that would let him know if the boat had moved - it correlated the magnetic field of the earth against the ther , or somesuch thing .
there s also the risks of personal property damage , like if your house gets flooded from a plumbing problem or if a tree falls on your roof or if your car gets hit by someone who ca nt afford to fix it lots of things .
i would have shaved it myself while up in the mountains , but it would nt be wise wasting energy on a minor annoyance when your life was at stake , still though if i could concentrate long enough i would shave this thing off .
a white at the back of the stables was the closest thing .
this thing was once a human being ?
and the shadow stone , the thing the ulnath seek , is that part of yadis inheritance too ?
to anyone else it would ve been a simple thing to behold , but to the 8 of them it looked like the gods themselves had created it .
the only thing in his ascended vision was the large platform where viadi fought against the otherworld heroes .
the shadow stone , the thing that had made morzu feel like a god was within his grasp again , all he had to do was reach out and the power would be his .
whatever this thing is ... its generating heat .
the only thing we have of his .
not according to that crystal thing you got , joe replied .
you both have no idea what will happen if you fire that thing in here .
you sure you know how to work this thing ?
oh my , it reminds me of a thing i read of in the penny dreadfuls referred to as a voodoo doll .
then the damn thing opens .
all i would have to do is sit for a few hours , pumping the little power i can conjure into the channels over the fan , then use the thing to blow the door up .
soon enough i hear a knock on my door , and i wait for the thing to swing open .
it 's not a particularly challenging move , and i honestly do n't think she 's going to thrust forward and plunge the thing through my chest .
currently the drawbridge was down ; the drawbridge was a battered and sturdy old thing anchored with large chains that managed to gleam even in spite of the moonless night .
tell me , said lenchen when it became clear that the demonstration was about to begin , is it safe to sit directly in front of that thing ?
but , replied cat , the only thing you 'll find is the short end of a noose if vletch 's guards catches you at it .
he must be after the thing , nothing else should grab his attention now !
the damn thing was n't there , okay ?
there were gorgeous carved wood shelves of different sizes and shapes attached to the walls to put things on .
oh , that thing ?
fearhe paused , looked up at the ceilingfear locks things in place .
the blotter on the desk , same thing .
the very thing every weaver needed .
the thought of such a magical thing excited him .
the vibration startled him for a moment as he gaped at the thing .
he drew out the fork , felt it and wondered , once again , what this thing was .
if stefan do nt want it ill just toss it and be done with the blasted thing .
he seriously thought of just tossing the cursed thing away .
for all he knew the tinkers had stolen the blasted thing from someone else , which made this riskier than he wanted to think about .
unless i miss my guess , no prince , king or priory peer would give that thing up without a fight .
if we can find a voice to wield this thing , then well know for sure .
did she use that fork thing ?
then , like the weave had stretched too tight , it snapped and the whole thing kind of melted , like wax in a fire .
she knows a lot of things , but she does nt know a damn thing about thunderbirds .
this poor thing did not even know what pleasure was until i took the time to teach her .
careful with that thing , please .
where did that blasted thing come from ?
good lord , are the humans still after that thing ?
he seemed glad to be rid of the thing .
brown - sugar grilled salmon , marinated tilapia , even some odd - looking octopus / squid type thing , along with copious amounts of steaming shellfish fried clams , scallops , buttered crab legs and lobster .
she drew the thing from her belt and twirled in in the air , and indeed , it did look like a very large pen .
a circular rim with a pentagonal crisscrossing pattern woven onto it , with a smaller identical circle and a slew of feathers of some sort tied onto it , the thing had a loop of string at the top .
without stopping to think about what it was , sky slipped the thing out of its box and around her neck , standing immediately , the odd woven necklace erupted with an electric blue light , splaying radiance all around her .
seth was nt sure how , but iri had been saying she made the thing herself .
sky took the dreamcatcher from her friend , looping it over her finger , and explained further , the reason this is important , you see , is because as soon as i touched the thing , it glowed this weird electric blue and actually tore a hole if that makes any sense in the dark sky above .
i mean , we could ve kept searching the north forever , and not found the thing .
as lyght read over the phrase a few times , sky pulled another thing out of her coat pocket .
the thing did nt look too remarkable , although lyght definitely had nt seen anything like it before .
and odd sort of cube , the thing moved and jumped weirdly , like a heart itself .
it does nt matter whether its a candle or a campfire , all the flickering orange things hurt if you stick your hand in them .
as she played with the large cup , suddenly the door to the back room behind her slammed , causing cassie to nearly drop the thing .
now i do n't have the strength left to brute - force that thing back to stability .
it was like there was this other thing in cassies body , and she was nt even there .
so not only do i have to wear this stupid thing , but its pink ?
showing up in any old thing is a sign you do nt respect them .
since serenus had driven her here , there was nt much point in arguing with him ; he would probably refuse to drive her home until she tried on the stupid thing .
there was silence as they all began eating their second course , which was perhaps the most divine tasting thing cassie had ever eaten .
somehow though , she knew it was there ; she was pretty sure she could nt take the thing off if she wanted to .
she could nt count on her mental link with sam , the amulet blocked that and after spending half an hour trying to take the thing off , she was done playing with it .
i wo nt hurt you , but you have to understand , i have a reputation to consider ; one does not get summoned by an innocent virgin '' whose blood runs with liquid magic , you said this part already '' whose blood runs with liquid magic , wearing a very sexy little thing , in the dark of a moonless night , and then just go home with nothing .
she touched the diamond - studded amulet ; she had to get this thing off , otherwise sam was in danger .
who knows where that damn thing is .
cassie looked at the thing quizzically ; well , it figured that some demons would be in powerful positions at computer hardware firms .
sincerely , donatello arrigio , president , greater american society of dental professionals it was all cassie could do to keep from throwing the thing across the room , and she probably would have were it not for the fact that mike would have probably refused to speak to her ever again .
a bit late now to take it to the duke , but i suggest we go first thing tomorrow and then begin asking around about fero .
if we find the whereabouts , or sufficient clues as to where the thing is , we will reconsider going on this quest of yours .
they decided to play the whole thing by ear .
he s never been happy with that thing on his head .
we thank you for your hospitality , sandron , carthinal said after the meal , but we must leave first thing tomorrow morning .
she sat at the edge of the light , a tiny thing , with her hands bound before her , and as the music railed on and the warmth of the fire grew more heated , the conjuror rose and stood before the flames .
once the sun comes up well be a lot easier to spot and i ca nt fight with this thing in my claws , draig admitted .
some kind of solar - powered animatronic robot thing , donated by a gamer who retired from disney .
did he think it actually mattered if this thing was destroyed ?
seriously , this thing had to be bigger than me .
ca n't this thing go any higher ?
lets see if we can push this thing back over .
its a glass orb ... strange , uncanny thing ... it came into my possession over a year ago ... i got rid of it as soon as i could , but i would nt tell them where or how ... they made it look like bandits , he had twenty such to help him ... they fled with the wagons .
she sighed , i shall just have to get used to it , i suppose , but shall i recall baye and adan from their attempt to find this thing if you know where it is ?
she frowned in consternation for a long moment and then said in wonder , that thing ?
ella returned with the sphere , safely contained within a satin pouch , said she as she gave it into his keeping , the thing always caused me some unease whenever i handled it so it has remained tucked away amongst my things , i nearly forgot about it .
they chose swords , this time the real thing , and faced off .
i did not even know what a dreadlord was until i saw that thing , if that is indeed what it is called ?
inside , there was the same portrait , perhaps the only thing left of her old life , the person she used to be .
they searched everywhere , until the thing in front of their eyes turned out to be just an impenetrable stone wall .
how in bloody hell does this thing work ?
i had set the dumb thing on fire .
he was sure to take every precious thing that the mercenary had .
this thing is going to get us to the main library ?
this thing would take me up to higher floors .
she grabbed a chip and popped the whole thing in her mouth .
an mri is that big tube thing that doctors or rather technicians slide patients into they strap the patient down and tell the patient not to move for like twenty minutes then they take images of the brain .
because , you wear the same thing day after day after day after day .
why would you wear such a thing in this humidity ?
just yesterday you were a meek little thing .
its the most remarkable and eye - catching thing i ve ever put on .
a partial wall is the only thing preventing them from seeing me .
did you take the same thing ?
my shoes were the first thing to go .
` ` until when do i have to keep taking that bothersome thing ? ''
it was a pale pearl - coloured thing and shone dimly through the darkened window .
it was a muddy looking thing that was served in a raggedly cut half of a coconut .
it was the first thing you saw you went you went to visit a friend or family member after you walked through the airlock door rows of breathers hung on pegs .
he had heard rumours that people from the trunk liked bright , garish things , supposedly as a way to distance themselves from people like him ; people that lived underneath .
being an illusionist came in handy sometimes , and glancing over his shoulder , martin was confident no one had seen him take the thing that glittered at him like it was calling him .
he fumbled for the dial on the gas lamp on the small table in the foyer to examine the thing that filled his palm .
he shrugged and tossed the paper to the table , his attention drawn by the silver thing that glittered with a cold light .
i m sorry , i was just curious , could i take a look at yourum , pass , uh , thing ?
he cracked one open and downed nearly the whole thing .
the white wispy thing landed in his opened palm .
he barely rose his head , like the thing weighed a ton .
as she was trying to fix it , the thing buzzed in her palm .
come on , lets see about you flying this thing .
listen , how big is this thing ?
then you ll have squished that thing .
you ll be lavishly gifted and everything , with things like the heirlooms in your trunk .
in that pursuit , every thing that was ever discovered under the influence of ancient shamanic culture was declared blasphemous , and destroyed .
what an honour , what an absolute honour you wo nt pay for a single thing in my shop i knew you would come soon , and i ve got my best kits ready for you !
i ve seen smaller ones how does this thing work ?
coz its an expensive bloody thing , is nt it ?
that s the ugliest thing i ve seen in my whole life there s so much gold , its hurting my eyes .
you only have a few things here , and i ' m pretty sure you do n't want to wear smelly farm clothes to the office .
she knew greg worked until noon , so she planned to get her things out of their house and back to the farm before heading to the office .
` ` i thought in kaldia they had all sorts of things we do n't have : fireworks , wind - up clocks , wood prints- '' ` ` no , this is something far beyond fireworks . ''
well , said kor , relieved to be off the hook for the moment , a man has a thing , sort of like a sausage , but softer , and more wrinkly .
but who in the world would have need of such a thing , except perhaps some military units ?
a huge and magnificent temple may catch the eye , but it is a tiny thing compared to such a road .
the only thing in this cavern was a quite realistic statue of a dragon , thirty feet tall and seventy feet long .
and she remembered charging the enemy in a rage , and feeling intense satisfaction as blood spat out around his sword and she remembered , holding up his shield , and looking to the left and the right , and seeing a long line of similar shields , and another line behind that , and another , and feeling strong , invincible and she remembered , despising civilians who lived off the fruits of war , but never fought , and she remembered , sitting around the campfire , singing songs and laughing and she remembered , forcing himself to torture the prisoner , and she remembered , the endless march , thinking of nothing but making himself to take one more step and she remembered , feeling guilty , because he had survived , and his comrades had not and she remembered , feeling everything go right as if in a dance , or a dream , meeting one opponent after another and overcoming them one by one , effortlessly and she remembered , being ashamed to be taken prisoner , but being exhausted , and in pain , and wanting to live , or at least to stop forcing himself to be ever brave and honorable , and she remembered , falling in love with one of the enemy and she remembered , the insane joy of looting , breaking open cabinets and vaults , tossing things to his comrades , whooping and laughing , pouring fine wine over his head , just touching one thing after another , and sharing in the mass , repeated rape of enemy women and she remembered , patriotic celebrations , songs , and speeches , and she remembered , laughing at the way civilians complained about trivial things and she remembered , helplessly watching the vulture , until it plucked out both his eyes and she remembered , feeling kindly towards the new recruit and she remembered , the promised reinforcements never showing up and she remembered , hiding his son under the floor , while the army recruiters searched the village and she remembered , holding up his shield , and looking to the left and the right , and seeing a long line of shields , and another line behind that , and another , and feeling very vulnerable , anyway and she remembered , glowing with pride , because he had not run away and she remembered , hesitating outside the recruitment office and she remembered , sitting in the tent with maps , needing to make decisions , but lacking information and she remembered , fraternizing with the enemy , and she remembered , being under siege , the twentieth day without food and she remembered , being willing to die for general tsikigliash and she remembered , the pain going on and on and on and on , and wanting to die , but too weak to do anything at all and she remembered , deserting , and realizing it was a mistake , and that it was too late to go back and she remembered , being honored as a hero and she remembered , the long line of prisoners , hundreds of them , leading to the temple where they would be offered as human sacrifices and she remembered , the victory parade , with people on both sides of the street cheering them and she remembered , the wall beginning to crumble under the blows of the ram and she remembered , accepting the suicide mission and she remembered , watching his own son , at two years old , playing with a stick sword by all the gods , she exclaimed to ixuan , what a strange and terrible life !
that s what makes this thing so bloody intangible !
i remember thinking , that might be just the thing for olindor !
in all of kondrastibar , only the hidden one had had the power to create such a thing .
years ago , one of my children began to grow things out of the desert , simple things like flowers and saplings .
he was relieved that he would finally be learning things of use , but he felt that most important thing to discover was why he was the one to kill the dark one .
with the amount of dark potential wafting off this thing with every flicker of the flame , she could fry her eyebrows .
she had no idea why shed picked this thing up and why she was now pushing her mind into the softly swaying flame , trying to connect to the magic that sustained it .
she did nt have a weapon , but her hands instinctively grabbed the only thing they could find the book and she threw it at him .
you had that thing in the bed the whole night !
move that thing away from me , will you ?
do you know how to use this thing ?
she 'll have to wear that thing every day !
praying for chaos jinn demolish a state and a woman laughs a lot ili piskale praying for chaos published by ili piskale copyright 2015 , ili piskale all rights reserved demolish a beautiful thing ; i demolished a beautiful thing freedom , what you say , was a gossip of large plains .
this damned thing broke down on the road .
anyway elma slides over , and empties things that she bought in grocery , outing of the pochette , she also takes out a cabbage .
in the middle of the kolo crowd , there is a veiled thing .
i was doing something , unlike you who was flirting away with that thing .
this thing i held in my hand was made from siren blood ?
and i used that thing , without knowing , i m just as bad as the person who made it .
then he began to squint , and move his head from side to side , trying to spot the invisible thing on the wall .
hey , does this thing get am radio ?
keep that thing away from me , she said looking just a little bit freaked out .
this thing could look like anyone .
do you have any idea what that thing is ?
lil did nt get a good look at the thing underneath .
i know what this thing does .
well , this angel has his soul trapped in the soulstone , which should be a crystal thing the killer uses to draw those summoning circles .
you stab it into your enemy , then hit the switch , and the whole thing opens like a flower , slicing apart your insides .
shaking this thing would be like drilling a hole in a thermonuclear warhead .
that thing was the soulstone .
i knew as soon as i saw it that this thing was more than just a pretty bauble .
can you imagine what that thing could do down here ?
my bladder is doing the hula just holding this thing .
look at this ... keep that thing away from me ... and he still has his watch on .
i do nt suppose you remember who sold you this thing ?
hmm darn thing !
yes , but before we start brenden wants to drink your potion thing .
when a person does n't have a single mismatched thing in a room , down to the last light on the christmas tree , then it 's not real .
i think she 'd somehow convinced herself i did n't look like this shining thing .
he was a tiny , misshapen thing .
` ` we 're going to need antitank weapons to blow that thing up . ''
the armored cops who had come in with the other guards lay scattered about the thing like discarded toys .
the swimming pool lay just behind the thing , and its trail of destruction had taken out the pool house .
the blood began to rain down the sides of the thing .
i could not imagine living totally encased in this thing .
he started to open the bottle , and i sat up , taking his hands in mine , keeping the lid on the damn thing .
he wanted the real thing , not a pale imitation .
the power , too , was back , like a solid hum of energy against my body , and where i touched him , the energy thrummed ; inside my mouth it was as if he vibrated , and i had a sudden vision of what it might feel like to have this warm , power - filled thing between my legs .
i started crawling for the door , watching that pulsing , moving thing that i had made .
i 'd hacked the thing into pieces , unrecognizable pieces .
the only thing i could n't borrow from the man was shoes .
strangest thing they 'd ever seen .
the horses never returned , but i ' ve seen what passes for an engine under the hood of this thing .
the ring was a thing of great power , which is what had allowed the cord 's magic to work without touching either of our skins or being invoked .
i held the thing up so he could see it .
the thing weighed nearly a pound .
i was going to have to pass right under the thing .
the brown thing wrapped around my wrist , and the thorns set in my skin like hooks in a fish 's mouth .
the wound he offered in front of my face was deeper than it had looked , a red gaping thing like a third mouth .
the only thing that remained of the court was the knee - high boots of soft , soft hide , dyed a deep forest green .
high heels had been the only thing the twins had asked me to wear .
it was a thing of great artifice , amazing artistic achievement , but such things were for mortals .
` ` that someone could lay such a thing on her while she wore this much metal ... '' he shook his head .
the other men crowded round , and it was galen who asked , ` ` it 's not the same thing we have , is it ? ''
it was almost as good as the real thing .
he grabbed the refrigerator , pulled , got it rocking with a strength that was surprising in his skinny , twisted little body , and pulled the thing over with a satisfying bang on the cracked linoleum .
still , the damn thing was so ugly .
then he and the others left china , and naturally the whole thing collapsed . ''
she looked at the thing in her hand without comprehension .
he tried to throw the crumpled thing anyway , and it came apart as it left his hand .
he slammed the thing into its cradle , then looked at jack .
with sturdy hands and a strong cord , she sewed them together into a quilt , a thing of beauty and power and culture .
spector could n't manage to be afraid of this pathetic little thing .
it was a joker face , the kind calculated to keep even the hardest - core ex - special forces jock in a secret service monkey suit from peeking beneath the mask to make sure the real thing matched the photo .
ellen was the one thing gregg could salvage from this wreckage .
her gleaming eyes in great surprise looked up to the eyes of mee : a marvellous thing , head - down to swing above a starry sea !
' besides , no amount of screaming is going to smash that thing loose . '
' so long as that thing is there , they can just come over and visit whenever the fancy takes them ! '
' even if we get that thing off , we wo n't get far . '
he muttered to himself , not being able to imagine what else the wheeled thing might be .
' move , you stupid thing ! '
perhaps , he speculated , some sassy young thing slinking down the hall had run afoul of one of the creatures and now cowered in a corner as the intruder menaced her .
' the thing 's almost nak*d ; it does n't have anything you can take . '
he was n't exactly sure what he thought the thing should be .
' nobody knows what that thing was . '
lenk and gariath could n't even scratch that thing !
' now , you might have noticed that thing is far too small to take us back to toha , where civilisation and our pay await when and if we retrieve the tome and assuming at least one of us is still alive to deliver it . '
' we have to find the stupid thing first .
i should run , he thought , the abysmyth is likely right behind this thing .
like the damn thing 's on a holiday , he thought .
you remember what happened when mossud harpooned the thing , right ? '
' the damn thing did n't even flinch . '
because you ' ve had that damn thing drawn and pointed at me for the past half - hour . '
' consider it a warning , ' she replied , unhurried , ' passed through all children of the sea mother of what shall come to pass if that foul thing of red and black remains in the possession of the demons .
even ensconced on the far side of the island from where they had crashed , the thing was imposing enough to command attention from miles around .
' i woke up in a barn , a burned - out thing .
' it 's too cramped in here to draw the damn thing , let alone hit anything . '
he smiled at that ; he had forgotten what such a thing looked like .
' a switch ... a lever ... something that moves this thing , i do n't know .
the thought of holding such a thing had occasionally crossed her mind , in her darkest anger against the dragonman .
and you , little creature , have such a thing . '
the only thing that shared the glade , that could possibly satiate the urge , was the impassive elder stone looming over him .
' what ... did he just throw whatever he could spare into this thing ? '
does any one man have the right to carry such a thing ?
' well , then why do we even have this gaudy thing ? '
we had to drag this poor thing here to relive this ?
there 's not enough flesh around for this thing to get that big . '
' this thing is hardly heavier than a piece of metal .
' think , think ... you do n't need that thing .
the female , some scarred , black - haired thing with a weakling 's bow grunted at xhai before stalking to the corpses .
i nearly lost all my companions , and did lose at least one , searching for the stupid thing .
it had been a tiny thing , one that he had built hastily when the girl who lay in it grew too big for her crib .
this thing you use , your loud thoughts .
' can you get us that sort of thing or not ? '
our needs sated , we could take things we wanted : brandy , tobacco ... ' and yet no one thought to trade for pants , lenk thought sourly .
he had to retrieve it ; he had to return to the sea , search the wreckage , find the damn thing and return to normal .
' you require this ... pink thing ? '
' shtehz , ' one of them gasped , ' the damn thing just turned grey ag- ' the ensuing cracking sound would have drowned out the remark , even if the netherling 's mouth was n't reduced to a bloody mess as a red claw seized her by the back of her head and smashed her skull against her companion 's .
the arrow was up and in the bow , drawn back as far as she could force the rigid thing to go , and launched a moment later .
it did n't even need to be poured - he could just hurl the whole thing in and the objective would be achieved .
' then whatever you do , ' the man said , grimacing , ' whatever makes you need that cursed thing ... you will die . '
' but the grey one that grins says this thing will kill them , right ?
it 's like they say : smash the biggest thing in the room and you 'll find your answer . '
' well , well ... what 's this thing do ? '
' there 's some kind of ... stick thing .
` ` i should remind you this thing has to go into a snake the size of a tree . ''
he 's burning the whole damn thing down , denaos thought .
that thing that breaks down your body and magic and blends them together ?
such a flimsy thing , so weightless .
in the next blink , his fingers had curled around the thing .
` ` but this thing ... it was made fragile .
` ` what use is there for such a thing ... '' he whispered .
` ` it 's the only thing i ' ve ever owned .
` ` no , i have no idea how and i have no idea why you think following this thing will lead us anywhere , anyway . ''
a chance at escape , the only thing left in the darkness .
such an ugly thing , so typical of a netherling .
the other was a ruined , twisted thing , a pale imitation of the powerful purple fist it had been before .
a short , ugly little thing , thin and curved like a cleaver instead of a proper sword .
` ` thrust that thing into their neck , like so , it 's near instant . ''
` ` because throughout this whole damn episode , i have n't gotten a single pretty thing .
she took a single arrow from the quiver , a long , black - shafted thing with a nasty - looking barbed head .
and it was a broken thing she tossed aside to land beside asper .
the pale thing .
the thing in my arm ? ''
` ` can you tell me why it was a cursed , evil thing ?
a meager thing , cobbled together out of whatever he thought might burn .
` ` you managed to find this thing in all that mess ? ''
` ` my share was going to go toward research , fees for the venarium , that sort of thing .
instead she says , ` ` honey , while you 're giving it to me , while you 're pushing that big hard thing inside of me , will you worship me ? ''
several years passed , and essie was no longer a thin little thing : now she curved and billowed like the swell of the green sea , and her brown eyes laughed , and her chestnut hair tossed and curled .
and then she found herself remembering , as she had not remembered for a long time , a life well lost : how she had twitched purses and filched silks with her clever fingers ; and now she remembers the warden of newgate telling her that it will be a good twelve weeks before her case would be heard , and that she could escape the gallows if she could plead her belly , and what a pretty thing she was - and how she had turned to the wall and bravely lifted her skirts , hating herself and hating him , but knowing he was right ; and the feel of the life quickening inside her that meant that she could cheat death for a little longer ... ` ` essie tregowan ? ''
it would be hard to be nak*der than this open thing .
you can write your name with your tongue on the side of his thing .
` ` they 're a yoopie thing , '' she told him .
` ` not a darn thing , pal .
` ` i ca n't take this thing off - road .
` ` well , you know that it was my idea to paint this thing purple , thus forcing paul gunther to become such an object of scorn and derision for several counties around that he was forced to leave town entirely .
in this sorry world , she thought , the symbol is the thing .
` ` it 's made of ground willow bark , things like that . ''
when , eventually , the thing falls apart from age , you place its fragile bones in a box , and you worship the box ; until one day the bones are scattered and forgotten , and the tribes who worshipped the child - god of the box are long gone ; and the child - god , the luck of the village , will be barely remembered , save as a ghost or a brownie : a kobold .
` ` that purple thing you got at your sister 's ? ''
the whole thing was southern gothic picturesque decay personified .
i 'd only seen such a thing one other time , in my childhood , but i still remembered the trees down across the road in our trailer park , the bitter cold , and the lack of electricity .
` ` oh , poor thing .
who had trained this thing ?
` ` do n't get near that thing , '' isak snapped at the brunette , who ignored him with a wave of her hand that caused silver bracelets to jangle .
for the three years that he 'd been part of her guard , he always had a positive word for her when he checked in on her first thing in the mornin ' and again at the end of each day .
` ` you 're in no shape to ride that thing .
the dwarf on the spot sometimes sees things missed by the travelling giant ranging many countries .
alas for the lost lore , the annals and old poets that virgil knew , and only used in the making of a new thing !
laurence narrowly watched them wrap it back up : he did not mean to lose the thing now , after it had come through vandalism and fire and three thousand miles intact ; he thought it his best chance for conciliating lord allendale , a notable collector , to the adoption , which would certainly inflame a proud temper already none too pleased with laurence 's having become an aviator .
` ` they said there was no such thing .
it 's going to be so boring wearing the same thing every day . ''
` ` this is just the thing to cure it . ''
` ` now , i could really use a research assistant to help me track down certain information , run errands for me , that sort of thing .
as soon as i was free of adrian 's tie , i reached for the first thing i could : kelly 's junior yearbook .
the only thing i had to slow adrian 's death .
not the easiest thing to find in london today .
the poor thing was starting to look ragged , like it had been through a war zone or three .
he 'd rigged the thing to run on tap water - great publicity , not using any of the local fuel supplies during a global oil crisis .
suddenly the whole thing disintegrated .
the thing makes it harder to throw . ''
` ` yeah , but it 's a little teeny thing , just for the local feedlot , '' says the geezer .
` ` something that 'll tell me how to debone that thing . ''
drake sat down across the table from justice and gobbled his ice cream down so fast he got the cold thing in his forehead .
the corner of her mouth turned up in a smirk , and the thing stuck to her back wiggled over her shoulder , like it was waving at him .
at least she 's a well - behaved thing , hei - lian thought .
` ` that 's one thing i was able to get at the un gift shop . ''
granted , gaius had n't expected tavi to wind up in command of the bloody thing , but the first lord - his grandfather - could n't have been terribly displeased with the results .
then he said , ` ` still playing that old thing , eh ? ''
almost hardly seemed a comforting word , given that her watercraft was the only thing standing between them and a number of extremely violent , unpleasant forms of death .
` ` can i fly this thing ? ''
this thing was as slick and slippery as glass .
from every note in the file , everybody knew there was something weird out here , but the prior three auditors sent to investigate had n't found a thing .
things started to fall into place .
i screamed and tried to grab for it again , but it was too much , too big ; it would take a vast power sourced in djinn to handle this thing .
the wind wall inside the thing had to be upward of 150 miles per hour , maybe higher .
i wanted to throw something at him , but the only thing available was a pretty new shoe , and i did n't have the heart .
he fumbled in his pants pocket and found a little plastic thing .
` ` you ca n't bring that thing in here . ''
the kid hoisted the thing up over his head .
plunging her hand inside , she drew out the plastic thing she 'd taken from jace .
he slid the thing clary had thought was a knife back into his belt .
she stopped in front of the box hedges , and raised her eyes slowly , expecting to see yellow police tape cordoning off the front door , smashed glass littering the lawn , the whole thing reduced to rubble .
` ` i always think cucumber sandwiches are just the thing for tea , do n't you ? ''
he grows medicinal plants , things we can use .
and the only thing that stands between them and the destruction of all this '' -he pointed outside the window of the carriage , waving his hand as if he meant to indicate everything in the city from the skyscrapers uptown to the clog of traffic on houston street- '' is the nephilim . ''
` ` he showed up first thing this morning .
do you even know how to drive that thing ?
` ` this thing is powerful , right ?
isabelle looked as if the sight of the thing had hit her like a punch to the stomach .
` ` so , '' he spat , ` ` like your mother , you prefer this creature , this half - breed demon thing , to your own blood , your own family ? ''
when i recognized the artisan 's mark , i knew they 'd fetch two thousand pesos in an antiques auction , not that they 'd ever see such a thing .
` ` no , i 'll cut his thing off .
chance hated this thing , woven of nubbly yarn in uneven hues .
each time a semi went by , the whole thing shook alarmingly .
the thing in his hand squeaked when he squeezed it .
i assumed we could survive for a good long while on this kind of thing .
poor pretty thing .
` ` oh my god , that is the coolest thing ever .
i grabbed the first thing that came to hand , a heavy poker from the fireplace .
the rest of us stood stock - still , distrusting the give - and - take between shannon and the thing on the radio .
the crazy reporter seemed to like the farmhouse , where he wandered around describing every little thing as ` ` cool '' and ` ` groovy . ''
do you want this thing bad enough ? ''
this would be the classic rock - versus - hard - place dilemma , and i get to be the squishy thing in the middle .
earlier , i saw a help wanted sign in a clothing store that sells really cool merchandise : funky graphic tees , studded wristlets and belts , earrings , skinny jeans , that kind of thing .
demons had definitely had a hand in creating this thing , maybe even possessing the person who delivered it .
in the old days , i 'd have called him first thing instead of packing a bag on my own , ready to handle whatever came my way without asking for help .
its face looked so hideous that i wondered if this thing might have inspired the harpy legends , thousands of years ago , but its skull did n't seem shaped for sonar .
the collision stunned it , and the thing dropped .
the thing shuddered to life , fed on demonic energies .
unfortunately , i did n't see a damn thing that could get us out of a magus trap .
which meant this thing had no floor .
this thing was easily twice the height of a hazo and half again as wide .
this was the only thing i 'd taken from the saremon stronghold .
i cleaned out the bloody athame and things from the demon world that had no place in this one .
on schedule , the package from her arrived first thing in the morning .
he did n't owe me a damn thing .
the thing could be hiding anywhere ... and it was clearly smarter than its predecessors .
isaac rothe shoved the advertising flyer across the car hood , ready to slam the damn thing down again if he had to .
the miniature horse was done with surprising competence , considering it had been the first and only thing matthias had carved .
jim did as he was told ... and was amazed to see a blue glow coalesce on the far side of his bic , like the thing had magically turned into a blowtorch .
but , god , she 'd had to rip her collections out of their rightful places in a matter of hours , scrambling , throwing things into boxes .
then she 'd killed him , stuffed his body into a hazardous - waste drum , and sealed the thing up good .
like first thing this morning .
and when she came up to the plexiglas partition in front of him , he was glad he 'd already slid the thing back , because he got to smell her perfume .
damn thing was a relic and had dust on the seat .
` ` i ' m looking for a guy , '' jim said as he took out the flyer with isaac 's pic on it and spread the thing flat on the chipped formica counter .
without thinking twice about it , she 'd reached over and silenced the thing ... only to realize she was awake and he was still very much with her .
grier went back through living room , the kitchen and the bathroom , and found the same thing on every single window .
she was wearing some kind of little - black - dress thing ... as well as a pair of sheer black panty hose that made him swallow hard to keep from groaning .
instead , he took a white undershirt and held the thing out of the window , knowing that jim would see it and hopefully not think it was the enemy .
the latter ... well , she 'd pay the five - hundred - dollar fine , assuming she ever had to use the thing .
` ` the quarter panels were dinged and the thing was dirty as shit , but the tires were brand - new and there were electronics in the trunk . ''
as his cell phone rang , he picked up the thing and looked at its little screen .
when she waved the words away , he went and got her bag , putting everything into it before holding the thing out to her .
when the lights came back on , there was a faint touch of red in her cheeks -- the sort of thing he might not have noticed if he had n't made it his business to stare at her as much as he could .
rising up , he went over to the sink , pulled a paper towel free , and got the thing damp .
there was no response that he could give her so he shook his head and went back to wiping the mud off her bag ... even though she was probably just going to throw the damn thing out in the morning .
shaking the cheese from the grater , she put the thing aside and diced up some canadian bacon .
isaac went over and leaned in -- and the whiff of her perfume was precisely the kind of thing he did n't need right now .
the damn thing was as big as some people 's living rooms , with wall - to - wall creamy carpeting and legions of clothes lined up and hanging by category .
but what do you know , the thing slid back and revealed a crawl space .
as he turned the thing over in his hand , she said , ` ` good enough ? ''
that was the last conscious thought he had before he was all about the orgasm : the head of his sex was so sensitive each swipe over the thing was a sweet sting that shot through his erection and dove into his balls .
if anything , that pole thing made him look twice the size he was -- which , considering he was hung to begin with , was not the direction he wanted to go in .
damn thing should be burned , not cleaned .
he slapped a band - aid on the thing , and did n't bother with the antibiotic stuff .
she rose up to help him and had to shamble around to dismount him and get the things down ... because his mouth was still at work , sticking with her , moving to her other breast , nipping and then sucking again .
without much hope , she went for the knob , but the thing turned easily -- to her relief , he had n't locked himself in .
that was the kind of thing that , if your buddy was joking with you and busting you for something , he could throw it out and the shit was funny .
casing the joint did n't take long , and similar to grier 's setup , the back of the house opened to a courtyardy thing that was gated -- and there were no chalky footprints on the red brick there .
unwinding the scrap of fabric , she shoved the thing in her coat pocket so as not to litter and went over to her audi .
opening the thing wide , he stood to the side and approved of the way she measured both him and the stairs that were revealed .
approaching the car , she stood beside it , every muscle in her body braced as if at any moment the thing was going to go sopranos on her and blow sky - high .
as the thing took off , all kinds of smart ideas went through her head , including the ever - present 911 call or doing a dial to her friends at the boston police department or getting her father to come over .
she got a tissue out of her bag and picked the thing up for closer inspection ; then she went around , got behind the wheel , and laid it out on the seat next to her .
no nosing around and looking for a parking spot for that bad boy ; the thing stopped at the curb and stayed there , the only concession to the illegality being its flashers .
jim took the thing out , made a show of cracking the lid , and grabbed a healthy swig .
damn thing was made of glass ... ?
flipping her omelet in the pan , she centered the thing and then stared at the cell phone she 'd just tossed across the island .
as matthias stared through the windshield at the funeral home , he found it ironic that the pair of them were talking in front of the thing -- given that he 'd put the man 's son in one .
he nodded down at the thing .
after he gave the thing to her , he settled with his back against the cupboards and put his knees up , arms balanced on the tops of them , hands hanging loose .
although she handled it with the tissue , isaac took the thing with his bare hands .
we ' ve got this thing on the slab -- '' ` ` isaac wants out .
he reached across , picked it up , and laid the thing right down the center of the man 's chest .
she tried to bat it away , but her arms just flopped uselessly and she was forced to breathe into the thing .
she pointed her forefinger at him like the thing was a gun .
adrian flexed the thing .
his mother was a good one , but devina would n't be able to get ahold of the real thing , and he might just be smart enough to figure out she was faking it .
no longer able to hold his head up , he let the thing rest on the stone and just breathed , dimly noting that the air was saturated with both the copper scent of fresh kill and the acrid pinch of still - smoking candlewicks .
the thing looked like one of those police - type jobbies .
` ` surprised that i know about the damn thing ?
` ` is that thing working ? ''
across the way , grier hit the on button , and as the machine started hissing it out , she stayed where she was , staring at the thing .
the damn thing was hanging off his hips like it had lost the will to live .
and did n't she know how the damn thing felt .
there was a shift , click , shift , click as the thing was locked to the wall , and then through the slats , she watched him leave at a jog , quiet as a passing shadow .
as he was pulling the thing out of its cabinet and wondering how many arms and legs would fit in it , he heard footsteps behind him .
a cell phone was in the corpse 's hand and the thing was sending a message ; the little screen on the phone was glowing with a picture of an envelope going into a mailbox over and over again .
as he accepted the thing , he was relieved .
` ` not that black thing -- the picture . ''
grier grabbed the suitcase 's handle and hefted the thing off her bed .
it was hard to imagine what the thing could do for her , but it did fit on her forefinger , and when isaac took a deep , relieved breath , she was a little surprised .
after her father got her suitcase out and shut her trunk , she locked the car -- and tried not to think about the fact that the man with the eye patch had been inside the damn thing .
between one blink and the next the thing disappeared .
grier clearly tweaked to what he 'd focused on , because she stopped laughing and tried to tuck the thing behind herself .
` ` we will want more of this sort of thing than we can get , i expect , before they come back , '' forthing added , to temeraire 's censorious look .
hualpa had been generous enough to make them free of the countryside , hunting , but while there were enough llamas running wild and untended to feed the dragons to their satisfaction , there was no such easy source of leather : they had not even a single leatherworker left , of their ground crews , and the nearest thing was one old round - bellied sailor who vaguely remembered a childhood 's apprenticeship to a tanner , of a few months ' duration .
` ` oh , very well ; if you will come back to this one , after , and tell them in french to strike ; i do not think they can understand me , '' she said , flying over to him : he shook the caltrop - sacks open , and she blazed away at them mid - air , so the iron tips of the things were half - melted as they fell down upon the deck of the frigate , and all the gun - boats , and so became stuck on to the wood .
my uncle would have trouble bending that thing back , and he 's a strong earthcrafter . ''
disguise , false identity , that kind of thing . ''
` ` i never heard of such a thing being used . ''
isana stared at the entire thing , fascinated by fade 's memories .
` ` can you get at them through this thing ? ''
a poker buddy , a drinking companion , the best man at his weddings , that kind of thing ?
jay had n't turned up a damn thing pointing at the shadow fists , and the m.o .
how stupid could he get , the damn thing was right there in front of him all the time .
` ` dutton destroyed the damned thing before i could get to it , '' he said wearily .
golden boy was the nearest thing there was to an invincible ace , but a fall from that height ... ` ` is he dead ? ''
he 'd been up half the night finding the damn thing .
gray plastic , brand new , i just bought the damn thing .
` ` oh , the poor thing , '' the woman said .
her baby in her arms was a round red thing , like a bowling ball made of flesh .
` ` i ' m not touching a thing , not till the photographer 's been here . ''
` ` weird , because that 's the same thing i have in my basement . ''
that book was the only thing that had information about grim angels and now it 's gone , right when i was getting to something that could perhaps explain how to free pure souls .
` ` you want to talk to me , get rid of the thing .
` ` do you know how much this thing cost ? ''
tiny little thing .
not the aggressively biker - wannabe thing he 'd worn the first time jazz had seen him ; this one was cut straight , hung down to mid - thigh , and had lapels .
and open that thing , if you 're going to do it . ''
an electric blue car was turning the corner - a big thing , probably dating back to the seventies , square and solid and shining with chrome .
she knew that there would be a big - ass boardroom behind the reception - desk half wall directly in front of her , and that the table in there would be a long black lacquer thing , and she could see someone sitting there , looking up at her .
jazz grabbed it and slammed the lateral filing cabinet shut , then used a corner of her assistant 's desk to support the folder as she flipped the massive thing open .
the tape was evidence tape , and he 'd practically hermetically sealed the thing .
she looked up at lucia , who handed her one more thing .
manny probably had some kind of stunning electrical field on the damn thing , too .
lucia took in a deep breath to catch the scent of damp earth and green growing things .
okay , so this thing .
` ` look , take the damn thing , shred it , use it for a coaster ... i do n't want it anywhere near me , believe me . ''
` ` this thing 's broken , '' jazz said mutinously , staring at the high - tech coffeemaker .
` ` that thing have a sensor so you can take the pot out and it wo n't pee all over the burner ? ''
lucia was just as happy to let her ; she could n't imagine piloting the thing around without scraping off a few bumpers from the tiny - looking cars around them .
once again , manny had given up his hummer to the cause ; lucia was starting to like the damn thing .
lucia felt sweat trickling down the sides of her face and itched to rip the thing away , but she did n't dare .
she led the way back to the vehicle , climbed in and piloted the thing to her apartment .
she handed him the package and grabbed the first thing she could find in the closet - a black canvas backpack , sturdy enough .
she had to get this thing off main streets fast , before air surveillance could get to them .
` ` well , let 's face it , we do n't love the damn thing for its ability to blend in ... '' they both fell silent as lucia made the last turn , and jazz silently checked addresses .
of course , everyone knew the whole thing was bunk and it was just for show , but his opinions made him annoying .
or maybe it was the fact that the thing was now hot boxed .
the shorts were the most scandalous thing i owned , and i felt like showing them that i was n't as uptight and prudish as they seemed to think .
the motel was one level and l - shaped and i was at the more isolated end , surrounded by dark trees and a path to the small pool , the only thing that was really lit up .
instead of a glorious stage , it was a rather rickety old thing made out of rough wood .
the whole thing may have been going for some backwoods , redneck kind of charm but it just came across as cheap and dirty .
she was the most gorgeous thing i 'd ever seen and at that point i 'd been looking at a lot of robbie 's nudie mags .
and that thing will have to go in the stable . ''
the carving was uncertain , as if the craftsman 's hands were shaking in horror of the thing taking shape under his reluctant fingers .
and that box thing .
` ` please give me the bomb , sir , '' said the man with the metallic thing .
the thing looked like an ordinary wooden sea chest .
he tried not to think about it again , but he found himself wondering what would happen when the damned thing realized that its owner was n't on board any longer ... ` ` raft 's ready , lord , '' said the first mate .
` ` i suppose one could contrive some sort of , i do n't know , some sort of a thing that could preserve one against the cold , '' said the little man thoughtfully .
` ` would he leave that sort of thing around if it could hurt him ? ''
` ` look , '' he said , ` ` we 'll threaten to damage the thing if they do n't let us go , right ?
wooden thing .
' well , ' said peavie , uncomfortably , ' what you do is , you take some corn , and you put it in , say , a number 3 crucible , with some cooking oil , you see , and then you put a plate or something on top of it , and when you heat it up it goes bang , i mean , not seriously bang , and when it 's stopped banging you take the plate off and it 's metamorphosed into these , er , things ... ' he looked at their uncomprehending faces .
and that last thing of yours , what was it called now- ? '
' they 'll want us to hold up cards with things on like ` ` harga 's is n't the best place in town , actually , ours is '' . '
it was n't the sort of thing you expected to find on a beach , in a driftwood hut , clutched in the hand of a dead man .
you 're supposed to be bloody amazed i can bloody well get a squeak out of the bloody thing . '
' we 're shooting first thing in the morning , ' said dibbler .
why 's he so interested in the damn thing , anyway ?
it 's a good thing they found them because if the things had gone off it would have ruined the shot and we 'd never be able to do it again .
that thing was attached to nothing .
' it 's the thing from the book ! '
' that thing on the slab , ' he said .
' i mean , take this blown away thing , ' said silverfish .
' the whole thing 's goin ' to go up in a minute .
the thing was almost level with the tower of art , and would soon turn to head for the library .
the thing was flickering more slowly now , spending less time looking like a giant version of ginger and more looking like the contents of a taxidermist 's sink trap .
an assortment of mismatched eyes extended from various bits of the thing .
the lightning bolt outlined the thing in blue - and - white light .
they looked back down at the thing , which had nearly dissolved . '
a thing like that wants to be used .
silence , and then : ' eh , what 's this round thing for , then ? '
what 'd you say this thing 's called ? '
' terrible thing , a big eggo . '
' what , you get him to hit himself , sort of thing ? '
what d'you call it when , you know , you want to put more money in , sort of thing ? '
' if you ai n't got respect , you ai n't got a thing , ' said granny distantly .
' bananas would be just the thing , ' said nanny happily .
around its sides , hanging from bushes or tied to trees , were things .
' what 's this thing like an extra bu ...
if i was her , i 'd have had a couple of big nails right through that thing by now . '
told me how to make banananana dakry and gave me a thing call a banjo you ll be amazed and all in all is a decent soul i reckon if you keeps her where you can see her .
` ` i checked you first thing this morning , '' said brutha .
some young women will be along in a moment with grapes and things .
` ` damn thing just lost me eighty obols , '' said didactylos .
just a little thing i knocked off . ''
i could hide , and he 'd walk into one of the pits or a deadfall or some ? thing , and then i could sneak back to my room and who would ever know ?
the thing to do was avoid looking at things .
` ` this thing goes faster than anything with sails or oars . ''
` ` when i felt us leave the water and the sphere exploded i distinctly felt my- ` ` that bloody thing nearly killed us ! ''
` ` this thing is twenty feet long !
` ` you ' ve built this ... this thing ... to fight ephebians ? ''
` ` what comes out of the big long spout thing at the front ? ''
the elf galloped over the frozen moat , steam billowing from its black horse and from the thing it carried over its neck .
look of the thing .
` ` he does wear the old green robe thing , '' said the dean .
do i have to wear this sort of thing every day ? ''
` ` daylight robbery , '' he said , in the authoritative tones of the experienced , ` ` is when someone steps out into the road with an arrow pointing at us and then all his friends swings down from the rocks and trees and take away all our money and things .
not , and i think i should make this clear , any other kind of manshaped thing with hair on . ''
beside them were half a dozen towels , the loofah , the pumice stone , the soap , the soap for when the first soap got lost , the ladle for fishing spiders out , the waterlogged rubber duck with the prolapsed squeaker , the bunion chisel , the big scrubbing brush , the small scrubbing brush , the scrubbing brush on a stick for difficult crevices , the banjo , the thing with the pipes and spigots that no one ever really knew the purpose of , and a bottle of klatchian nights bath essence , one drop of which could crinkle paint .
` ` yes , that 's another thing they used to have round here , '' said ridcully .
there should have been weeks of choosing the material , and fittings , and changing her mind , and changing the material , and changing the pattern , and more fittings ... ... although of course she was her own woman and did n't need that kind of thing at all ... ... but she should have had the choice .
and what 's that thing ? ''
` ` damn the thing .
and it all started all right and then , and then , and then ... suddenly they were there , hundreds of 'em , and everyone was runnin ' , and someone bashed into me , and i rolled into the stream , and then there was all this noise , and i saw jason ogg hitting four elves with the first thing he could get hold of- '' ` ` another elf ? ''
the librarian says they made people get fallen trees and things and push those , you know , those stones down ?
` ` will you look at the size of the horn on that thing ? ''
' i have expended three dollars on an iconograph box which , is a thing with a brownei inside that paints pictures of thing 's , this is all the rage these days .
' guild memorabilia , that sort of thing ? '
hammerhock looked at the thing clamped in the vice , and picked up a screwdriver .
he turned it , and then nearly dropped the thing when the figure 's legs started to move .
any old thing . '
' the ... thing went an inch into an oak floor . '
vimes sat down with his coffee and looked at the thing he 'd picked up from the rooftop .
there was a strip of serrated metal along one side , like a flattened - out cogwheel , and the whole thing reeked of fireworks .
the damn thing was made of metal , was n't it ?
' i suppose i should have dismantled it , but ... it was so clearly a made thing .
oh , them ethnic , them do n't know how to behave in big city , go around waving clubs at the drop of a thing you wear on head . '
' a night watchman in crappy armour is about your metier , ' said colon , who looked around proudly to see if anyone had noticed the slanty thing over the e. ' nah , catch me being respectful to some bloke because he just pulled a sword out of a stone .
' sold the bolts for this thing ? '
' you would n't dare fire that thing in here !
' now , look- ' ' i hope you keep that thing maintained , ' said nobby .
' last i heard , this thing had been banned in eight countries and three religions said they 'd excommunicate any soldiers found using it !
very valuable thing , a clown 's face .
it was clearly a thing of metal .
i smelled it because someone there had fired the thing .
you never cocked the damn thing ! '
vimes stared at the thing in his hands .
' like a fish needs a ... er ... a thing that does n't work underwater , sir . '
i made him a little desk ornament thing and he gave me a brick . '
what was put together again was just a thing , a mere assemblage of wood and wire .
the old woman looked at the thing .
imp looked at the thing again .
he snatched the thing from lias 's unprotesting fingers and examined it carefully .
she reached out and picked up a glass , bit her lip thoughtfully , and started to turn the thing upside down ... squeak !
come back tomorrow , sort of thing ? '
things did n't fall off the edge , there were a number of handy pockets to keep sweets and things in , and when he was bored he could shovel the paperwork off and set up trick shots .
things did n't fall off the edge , there were a number of handy pockets to keep sweets and things in , and when he was bored he could shovel the paperwork off and set up trick shots .
i ca n't sit in my ... thing , you sit in it , there 's papers and things ... ' office .
i ca n't sit in my ... thing , you sit in it , there 's papers and things ... ' office .
a strange old thing found in a dusty old shop one stormy night- ' ' it was n't stormy , ' said cliff .
' was n't the only thing that 's snapped , ' said ridcully , still shuddering .
ponder looked down at the thing they had hammered together .
' the fing is , i go on dat stage , i sits down not knowing even what we 're goin ' to do , next minute buddy plays something on his ... on that thing , next i ' m goin ' bam - bam - chcha - chcha - bam - bam .
' and i 'd have you lot up in front of the university authorities first thing in the morning , if it was n't for the fact that you are the university authorities ... ' foul ole ron , professional maniac and one of ankh - morpork 's most industrious beggars , blinked in the gloom .
' yeah , but the thing that buddy ...
having to go around with this silly scythe thing ... that 's not what i wanted out of life- ' ' it 's certainly not something you get careers leaflets about , ' said ridcully .
what 's this thing ? '
you know how it is ... head like ... thing , you know ... with holes in ... you drain lettuce in it ... er ... ' there was the sound of bolts being pulled back , and a wicket door opened in the gateway .
beau ... ca n't quite remember his name ... ' ' i know that when he walked out of the ... ' the sergeant began , and began to snap his fingers irritably , ' ... thing you open and shut .
she sat and stared at the thing .
' well ... there was mr hong ... that business with the thing in the bursar 's wardrobe ... that dragon , you remember ... ' ridcully 's lips moved silently as he counted on his fingers .
' the creatures from the dungeon dimensions have legs and things all over the place . '
the draught from his studded leather robe made the candle- flames waver and the shadows of the thing danced on the wall .
' throw that thing out ! '
buddy gripped the guitar and stood up , moving his arm back to hurl the thing into the gorge .
' i dropped the thing into the gorge , ' said buddy .
he moved suddenly , and smashed the thing against a rock .
besides , ' he added in slightly less foreboding tones , ' last time you did a big problem on it the wretched thing broke and we had ants all over the place . '
' so what you 're tellin ' me , ' said ridcully , eventually , ' is that this rincewind fella has been chased by just about every army in the world , has been bounced around life like a pea on a drum , and probably is the one wizard who knows anything about the agatean empire on account of once being friends with , ' he glanced at his notes , ' ` ` a strange little man in glasses '' who came from there and gave him this funny thing with the legs you all keep alluding to .
a mouse had built a nest in the middle of it all and had been allowed to become a fixture , since the thing stopped working when they took it out .
it was shortly afterwards that the thing like a broken umbrella with herrings on it appeared just behind the thing like a beachball that went ' parp ' every fourteen minutes .
it was shortly afterwards that the thing like a broken umbrella with herrings on it appeared just behind the thing like a beachball that went ' parp ' every fourteen minutes .
to a thing that looked like it had been made by a glassblower with hiccups .
' there 's a thing ... it 's very blurry .
' come on , you fellows , tip the thing up a bit ... ' ponder took a few more steps back .
' i 'll get the bloody lid off that thing one day , mark my words .
surely no - one would be so gullible as to write this sort of thing ?
i suppose you tie them up , that sort of thing . '
' it 's this thing we have here , ' he said , speaking slowly .
' hey , this wheel thing turns ... ' ' what 's a lovemaking pipe ? '
they look at something like the great wall and say , that 's such a marvellous thing it must have been built by magic ... and the red army ... what it probably was was just a well - organized body of trained fighting men .
a cause is just a thing ! '
and then we can send them back their bloody tube thing .
' ca n't see that thing in the sea , ' said ridcully , glancing up at the recently laminated corpse .
' you got to take another swig last thing at night , ' granny went on .
a man in the corner indicated that he might have such a thing .
anyone know if there 's a privy on this thing ? '
' and what 's the first thing you 'd take out of a burning house , mr salzella ? '
that was the sort of thing a murderer would use .
nanny ambled over to the thing .
' funny ole thing , ' said granny , hacking around a particularly troublesome tree root .
he was quite sure of this , because he had a model of it in his study and it was generally agreed to be far more impressive than the real thing .
' i thought wizards knew all about trees and wild food and things , ' said twoflower reproachfully .
the thing he was trying unsuccessfully to light was , well , you could have coated roads with it .
' ca n't they just use flowers and berries and things ? '
' i ' m sure real wizards do n't really need that sort of thing , now if i may draw your attention to the business of the day- ' ' what 's this paper ? '
' in your language it 's called a thing you put across a river , for example , ' he concluded , ' i think . '
rincewind , who normally hated and distrusted it , suddenly felt it was the most refreshingly normal thing he had ever seen .
' he knows all about herbs and roots and things . '
anyway , he reasoned , i know what an onion looks like , it 's a sort of saggy white thing with a green bit sticking out of the top , should be fairly conspicuous .
' i do n't own the bloody thing . '
' one fell down near my home once - big white thing , size of a house , glowed for weeks before it went out . '
' the strangest thing i have ever made , ' he said , ' but practical , i can see that .
' yes , and we 're not happy about that thing in the ceiling . '
' i ' m going to get rid of this thing , ' he said thickly .
' give me the bloody thing ! '
then twoflower said , ' you see , last night it occurred to me , i thought , well , the thing is , all this travelling and seeing things is fine but there 's also a lot of fun to be had from having been .
no matter what cunning you 'd used to get into a place , or overcome a small army , or find the secret treasure room , sooner or later you sent for mr brown , who 'd turn up with his leather bag and his little springy things and his little bottles of strange alchemy and his neat little boots .
in character , sort of thing . '
' look at that thing they use down in the kitchens for peelin ' the potatoes , for example . '
' ah , you mean the thing with the brass plate on it saying ` ` improved manicure device '' , archchancellor ? '
it all gave ridcully the willies , and an additional willy was engendered right now when he saw the bursar sitting in front of the thing .
' this thing 's a kind of big artificial brain , then ? '
maybe someone said , hey , how 'd you like to hunt this evil bastard of an eagle with his big sharp beak and great ripping talons , sort of thing , or how about instead you hunt this wren , which is basically about the size of a pea and goes ` ` twit '' ?
susan leaned back in her chair - and knew that a tiny part of her brain was saying , yes , there is a chair here , it 's a real thing , you can sit on it .
for three days there was nothing but twangs and broken strings , and then he 'd never touched the thing again .
' the thing like a lot of blades clicking together ? '
' and then ... that thing , you know , that thing ... all light and bright ... lightning you could carry , hot , little sunshine , and then there was no more dark , just shadows , and then you made axes , axes in the forest , and then ... and then ... ' susan sat down on the bed .
' and then ... that thing , you know , that thing ... all light and bright ... lightning you could carry , hot , little sunshine , and then there was no more dark , just shadows , and then you made axes , axes in the forest , and then ... and then ... ' susan sat down on the bed .
' all right , put the wretched thing back . '
les tried to disentangle an oar from the thing rising slowly out of the fizzing sea .
the thing was quite high now , standing on some kind of tower ... ' what is it , dad !
cave me this damn thing .
it 's not even a weapon , it 's just a thing .
' and a thing you do exercises with- ' ' oh gods ... ' ' sorry , miss ? '
he kept his eyes fixed on the damn thing as he walked out of the university 's main gate .
the downside was that he had to keep staring at the thing .
but that had fallen on stony cars ... damn silly thing anyway , he 'd thought , a short length of wood with a lump of silver on the end ... even a constable got a decent sword , what was he supposed to do , wave it at people ? ...
they looked at the stricken thing .
it 's the sort of thing an amateur buys because he thinks it 'll magically improve his shot .
' you got to be a bit odd to sit around all day reading this kind of thing , ' he said .
' anyone finishing readin ' dat thing yet ? '
and when i said , mr insert name here , that this would invalidate my warranty , you said that i could take my warranty and- ' ' i thought you 'd lost that thing , ' said carrot .
affairs of the heart , sort of thing . '
one day , he knew , he really would have to try to understand the manual for the damn thing .
it was n't the sort of thing you came up with on the spur of the moment , was it ?
the whole thing was mounted on a crude trolley , which was in turn riding on a pair of iron rails that disappeared into the black water at the far end of the boathouse .
' you ca n't ask us to go in that thing , sir !
' i think that , in all probability , going into that thing would be a valiant and possibly rewarding deed .
the big auger in front of the thing started to squeak round .
' now ... how do you make this thing go fast ? '
' of course , any minute this thing is going to fall apart . '
' like ... a big , heavy thing which would ' ve slowed us down ...
' kinda heavy thing ? '
he 'd stitched the thing in conditions of great secrecy half an hour before .
and yet the damn thing had sounded so ... accurate ... lord vetinari dropped the arrow fastidiously , like a society lady who has had to handle something sticky .
what kind of a thing are you ?
the thing was oblong , although the bottom edge was a confusion of twisted opal and dirt .
and ' i thought i sent a memo out about people bringing in potted plants , ' and ' what d'you call that thing with the keyboard ? '
' all right , but why not go and get the thing yerself ? '
they had n't eaten this sort of thing .
' now ai ca n't seem to quate find where the silly thing is supposed to go . '
it looked as though the artist had n't just wanted to draw a kangaroo from the outside but had wanted to show the inside as well , and then had wanted to show the kangaroo last year and today and next week and also what it was thinking , all at the same time , and had set out to do the whole thing with some ochre and a stick of charcoal .
i ' m quite sure primitive people have no difficulties surviving in a place like this , and think of all the things we have that our rude forefathers lacked . '
said the dean , waving the thing wildly .
the plant 's instructions had been put together from bits and pieces lying around , things he knew would work .
' a long beard and a nightshirt seem to be the thing , although the facial hair is a little puzzling . '
' very hard thing to steer , lightning .
the thing that the senior wrangler insisted on calling the ' melon boat ' was , even the dean admitted , very impressive .
' er ... well , how do you get flowers and things at the moment ? '
you know ... ` ` head for dark places , '' that sort of thing .
he 'd lost almost two dollars before he gave up and threw the thing away ... his fingers touched what might have been a lid , and he pushed upwards .
let 's vote on it : now , all those who think a duck has webbed feet , raise your hands ... ' the librarian swung the thing a few more times .
what 's that thing you 're playing with , man ? '
... whumm ... ' oh , do stop playing with that thing , rincewind , ' said ridcully .
... whumm ... ' look , lad , take that thing outside , will you ? '
he gripped the end of the string and whirled the thing experimentally a few more times .
the best bloody thing was that , with all the corks on their hats , they were able to find the bloody things later on .
of course , it 'd come back light , because it was hard to think of any bloody thing it could bloody import that was better than any bloody thing in ecksecksecksecks .
' at least someone thinks i did n't steal the damn thing . '
now his point of view dived into the thing , the crystalline thing , plunging down through the layers of glass and quartz .
now his point of view dived into the thing , the crystalline thing , plunging down through the layers of glass and quartz .
figures with more eyes than legs , more tails than teeth , monstrous amalgamations of fish and squid and tiger and parsnip , things put together as if the creator of the universe had tipped out his box of spare parts and stuck them together , things painted pink and orange and purple and gold , looked down over the valley .
no one touch a thing ! '
then his master had conceived the idea of making the thing live , so that it could punch its own tapes and wind its own spring .
it was n't the squat , blocky thing that igor 's grandfather had told him about .
you do n't have to do this and you can put this thing down and you can go back to the classroom and you can be normal again and you just know that you wo n't , and so does he- squeak ?
she could feel the power in the thing .
' why ca n't we slice when we 're on this thing ? '
jeremy had built the thing as if he 'd built a dozen like it before .
' i ' m going to have to land this thing while i can ! '
' what is this thing on your back ? '
her expression suggested that she considered it to be a perfectly normal kind of thing to find , and had seen far more interesting things .
' with a wind - up thing on his back , and down on his luck .
' that thing on your back .
a cottage in the country , that sort of thing ? '
` ` the trouble is , because the blasted thing can see everywhere , it 's practically impossible to get it to see anywhere .
i thought you said you could find him with this thing ? ''
boy willie walked over to the colourful thing .
just this sort of little wooden pot thing .
` ` well , the ... thing can not operate by magic .
` ` but the biggest problem , is going to be getting this damn thing through all that without hamish waking up and making trouble . ''
` ` a few fireballs would blow the thing apart . ''
` ` and what 's this thing hanging in the ceiling in front of me ? ''
do you actually know how to fly this thing , leonard ? ''
` ` it 's so beautiful ... so beautiful ... '' ` ` sir , we need you to fly this thing , sir !
just the thing no coward should be without .
the kite was still passing under the elephants , and the thing showed mostly a kind of magical snow .
` ` you 'll be bright , too , if you 're in this thing when it hits the sun , '' said rincewind .
` ` how did you get that damn thing to work ? ''
` ` you cut the thing in half ?
i ' ve got a sword and it 's a good one , but all the bleedin ' thing can do is keep someone alive , listen .
just anyone could float around the place in one of these things . ''
... with a handle , and ... mmm ... beads on one side , and a sort of ... thing , with hooks on ... '' he paused .
he wore a hat , too , a battered , home - made thing out of straw .
darktan swished the thing backwards and forwards .
a voice behind him said , what kind of thing are you ?
other , smaller tunnels branched off on either side but the thin red streak led straight on and there , under another grating , the thing lay in the water , the red leaking gently from it .
' once we were just another squeaking thing in the forest , ' said dangerous beans .
you are just another bad thing humans made .
it was a cat and there was a twitching squeaky thing and what cats do to twitching squeaking things is this : they leap ...
the instrument squeaked and wheezed , because corporal knopf had occasionally used the thing as a hammer , but there was a tune , quite fast , almost jaunty .
' it 's a copper thing .
if he hits carcer with that thing we wo n't even find a corpse . '
the thing had a carved parrot head on it .
' oh , er , that thing ?
needles , thread , scissors , wool ... that kind of thing , ' said mossy lawn .
said vimes , for the look of the thing .
' it 's a wooden thing to make it easier to darn socks , ' said sandra .
vimes stared at the thing in his hand .
he grabbed the boy , swung him round , and twisted the thing out of his hand before murder was done .
said the major , staring at the thing .
if the damn thing is there in the morning , i ' ve got no career and nor have you .
we ca n't even set fire to the damn thing , it 'll take the city up with it ! '
' let 's get the bloody thing out- ' wiglet said , grabbing the hook .
' does this thing swivel ? '
she barely heard cern start to cry : she remembered lien father , strangely enough , making the quilt two winters before when the snow was almost as bad and there was n't much to do in the forge , and how he 'd used all kinds of rags that had found their way to bad ass from every part of the world , like silk , dilemma leather , water cotton and tharga wool and , of course , since he was n't much good at sewing either , the result was a rather strange lumpy thing more like a flat tortoise than a quilt , and her mother had generously decided to give it to granny last hogswatchnight , and ... . ` ` is she dead ? ''
her eyes protruded , her tongue stuck out , small beads of sweat formed on her forehead , but the pen scratched its way across the page to the accompaniment of the occasional quiet ` ` drat '' or ` ` bugger the thing '' .
a crystal was a tricky thing to use at the best of times , and usually staring into it meant that the one thing the future could be guaranteed to hold was a severe migraine .
granny distrusted them , considering them to smack of wizardry ; for two pins , it always seemed to her , the wretched thing would suck your mind out like a whelk from a shell .
` ` damn thing 's all sparkly , '' she said , huffing on it and wiping it with her sleeve .
and it was while granny weatherwax , sweating and cursing , was running along a forest path holding the damn thing at shoulder height for the tenth time that she had found the bear trap .
` ` damn thing , '' she said .
the whole thing had a selfassembled look , as if the owner had heard about anatomy but could n't quite get to grips with the idea .
there was no mouth , just a dark hole , as if the thing was itself an opening to an even worse dimension , a place by comparison with which freezing sand and moonless moonlight would be a jolly afternoon at the seaside .
he ran the wretched thing across his tongue , and barely moistened it .
` ` there 's a sort of jetty thing down here somewhere , unless i ' m lost . ''
` ` for the look of the thing , you see , '' said cutangle apologetically .
for a moment she saw a thin face with long sharp teeth , huge round eyes , and dripping green hair like waterweed , and then the thing plunged back into the depths .
it was a lovely thing but it was a joke of a shepherdess , made by someone who 'd probably never seen a sheep up close .
his mouth was a big red tunnel with the wobbly thing that no one knows the name of bouncing up and down in the back of his throat .
as she watched , he turned desperately and raised the heavy thing over his head , knocking over the elf behind him .
and then , because the thing was so weak and babylike , she added : ` ` but i hope there 's someone who 'll cry for you .
things hung from the apple trees or were tied to posts all around the place .
did she really want to spend all day scrubbing slabs and washing pails and plates and ... and ... and that weird wire thing just there , that- ... cheese - cutter ... - that cheese - cutter ?
you 'd have thought that a witch would n't need such a thing , but tiffany supposed they used them as decoration .
he was looking at the thing that went gloop , gloop .
' well , thank goodness you ' ve got rid of the thing , at least , ' she quavered .
get your mind right , miss level , and the world is your the old witch leaned down to tiffany and whispered : ' what 's that thing , lives in the sea , very small , folks eat it ? '
this was a mark of respect , but it did mean that a two - foot , sharp , pointy thing was being aimed at them .
ignore the noise , ignore the hiver rolling towards her over the trodden grass ... she 'd use the things she 'd had , so that was right .
what was true was that one of the older witches generally opened the thing with some competent but not surprising trick which everyone had seen before but still appreciated .
the old witch walked across the room and tugged the cloth off the thing in the corner .
' well - made thing .
' what , paperwork , that sort of thing ? '
the men running the teams out ... they had this thing , sir , this device , you could get a coach in and out of the yard in one minute , sir , one minute !
' do n't really carry that kind of thing , hugo , but if you 'd care to look out of your window you 'll see my personal assistant , mr pump .
' most of the postmasters i served under hated wearing that thing , ' said the worshipful master , as everyone relaxed .
flaw , you might say , was part of the whole thing .
this thing , sir , did indeed begin life as an organ , but it ended up as a machine for sorting letters .
' i held on tight , but they belted me over the bonce with a big thing ! '
there was no point in looking for the cheapest thing on the menu .
moist felt a claw slash into his arm as he hurled the thing on to the sorting engine , and flung himself to the floor .
the desperate mad rattling and cries of ' how can it close on the damn thing but not open with it ?
the post was an old thing , of course , but it was so old that it had magically become new again .
' tomorrow night - that 's the day after today - you are going to send a coach -that 's a thing on wheels , pulled by horses , which might reach fourteen miles an hour on a good road - to race against the grand trunk -that 's all those semaphore towers , which can send messages at hundreds of miles an hour - all the way to genua - that 's the town which is a very long way away indeed ? '
' oh , yes , that thing .
oh , it might take a day or two to get the thing to genua , but they had weeks to work with .
oh , it 'd be no great shame to admit that a coach and horses could n't travel at a thousand miles an hour , but gilt would strut about it and the post office would remain just a little , old - fashioned thing , behind the times , small , unable to compete .
an omniscope was a rare , treasured and delicate thing .
archchancellor ridcully thumped the side of the thing with his hand , causing it to rock .
not a blessed thing ... what 's this thing with fingers on ... who am i ... ' lord vetinari stared at the board for five seconds longer than was comfortable , while tapping his chin gently with the knob of his cane .
but the clacks was a big , cumbersome monster of a thing , too many towers , too many people , too much effort .
' there was n't a nice thing that would work , ' said moist .
they were a witch 's equivalent of those knives with fifteen blades and three screwdrivers and a tiny magnifying glass and a thing for extracting earwax from chickens .
` ` ah , that is only when ye canna find the real thing , mistress , '' said rob anybody carefully .
but it 's a small thing , and while you have it , it will be dangerous . ''
` ` well , the poor thing has n't quite got it right yet .
she stood with her cigarette arm cupped at the elbow by her other hand , holding the flaming , sparking thing close to her face .
dirt and stalks covered the thing , but she could make out something rounded .
she let herself slide farther into the hole , right down amid the mud and steam and the mysterious thing .
the witches stared at the thing .
and you 'd add things like : ` ` as you know , granny weatherwax says that practically anything works instead of placebo root , but it 's best to use the real thing if you can get it .
` ` but he ... the poor thing thinks that ... '' ` ` yes , yes , i ' m sure it 's all very important , '' said annagramma , dragging her toward the cottage wall , where her broomstick leaned .
who 'd make up a thing like this ?
it was heavy and not at all like the flying , darting silver thing that he 'd imagined in front of the mirror .
death gently caught the glittering thing and stowed it away somewhere under his robe .
' that 's the sort of thing robbers are supposed to demand .
' i 'll try the ching thing . '
death gave the thing a final admiring glance and stuck it into the hood of his robe .
mort could n't help agreeing with the statement , though - the thing was a sort of blue - green lump with rubbery tubes dangling from it .
the thing followed another brief arc through the air and flopped apologetically into the vizier 's bowl .
the vizier prodded the thing uncertainly , and looked into the emperor 's smile .
' take this thing away and dispose of it . '
' now , let 's have a look at this thing . '
in fact , spelter had to admit , it looked a lot better than the real thing .
he pointed the octiron staff at the half - sunken thing .
' it 's all down to dimensions , i heard , like what we see is only the tip of the whatever , you know , the thing that is mostly underwater- ' ' hippopotamus ? '
the temple of offler the crocodile god , patron deity of the city , was now a rather ugly sugary thing constructed in five dimensions .
a large boot on the end of a complicated series of metal joints gave a half - hearted wobble and then the whole thing snapped at the knee .
' are you steering this thing ? '
no , the real lamp was a battered old thing , and one day this wicked pedlar came round offering new lamps for old and my greatgrandmother gave it to him for this one .
' oh , this old thing , ' he said .
the genie flashed her a smile and spoke hastily into the thing he was cradling between his chin and his shoulder .
it 's a matter of the look of the thing .
he held the glistening thing in one hand .
a little while later a squat figure swung itself across the courtyard on its knuckles , scrabbled in the snow , and hauled the thing out .
the particular thing nearest rincewind was at least twenty feet high .
rincewind crept closer to the thing .
' it 's about time you learned how to get sound on this thing , ' granny muttered .
paper trees , and all kinds of costumes , and- ' she waved her hands - ' there was this great big picture of forn parts , with all temples and things all rolled up .
what 's that big wardrobe thing with the spikes ? '
' what 's that big bed thing over there ? '
once you ' ve lost your respect , you ai n't got a thing .
it was a well - made thing , built to last , apart from the occasional starting problem .
he 's tossing and turning a bit '' , and the other one said , ` ` you know i ' ve never been able to get sound on this thing , esme '' , and then they bickered some more , and it went cloudy , and then ...
but years of wielding a pen instead of a hammer had relieved hwel 's punches of some of their stopping power , and it could have been the end of him when the big man yelled and drew his sword if a pair of delicate , leathery hands had n't instantly jerked the thing from his grip and , with only a small amount of effort , bent it double .
it was , he had to admit , terribly tasteless , but it was the sort of thing she liked , all silver and skulls .
' what 's that thing in your hand ? '
back home , back at the guild , pillars were gracefull fluted things with little bunches of stone grapes and things around the top .
this thing could put an edge on a rolling pin . '
i must order a proper bed and a feather pillow from ankh , first thing in the morning .
the thing was wrinkled .
the pyramid was a made thing , and much bigger than a made thing ought to be .
the pyramid was a made thing , and much bigger than a made thing ought to be .
anyway , this wooden pig , damn clever idea , they made it out of thing .
honestly , dad , why did you have to go and buy a thing like that ? '
like : do n't eat lobster last thing at night .
' do n't blame me , at home a necklace or something is usually the thing . '
apparently pipes are the thing . '
' in reverse , sort of thing , ' said iib .
she wasa ... thing , you know , lady dog .
and then you hated her and , and just when you thought you 'd got her , it , out of your , your , whatever , then she opened her great booming rotten heart to you , caught you off bal , bal , bal , thing .
so put an unpleasant gargoyle thing over the archway , give it a slam like the footfall of a giant and make it clear to everyone , in fact , that this is n't the kind of door that goes ' ding - dong ' when you press the bell .
` ` when we found the ... carts , this was the only thing left .
no fire left now , poor soppy old thing .
great big flapping leaping thing .
great big huge blowing flapping thing . ''
great big hot blowing flapping thing ... '' the librarian rolled his eyes .
there had to be a better way of finding the thing than waiting until your fingers were burned off .
he stared and stared at the malformed little thing , and the idea that had been knocking for attention for the last few minutes finally gained entrance .
damn thing nearly took his leg off . ''
then , with extreme delicacy , it extended one metre - long claw and hooked the thing out of the priest 's trembling fingers .
` ` the temperature of the thing ! ''
from where he was sitting he had a good view of the big hanging thing .
a black thing with a handle and spout .
he called it up , and then found it was n't just some sort of tool but a real thing with a mind of its own .
he 'd thought of a dozen ways that the thing could go , but the only one that was really suitable was killing wonse .
but apparently men liked that kind of thing .
` ` fire the bloody thing ! ''
` ` captain vimes , '' she said sharply , ` ` you will oblige me by not waving that thing about and you will start putting it to its proper use ! ''
` ` mine 's more like a crown thing , '' said carrot .
once they had n't been a tattoo , but the real thing .
he smiled , and his eyes flashed to life , gold , amber , and yellow glowing above me , and suddenly his body was a glowing , vibrating thing .
i 'd had him as a lover , both when the tattoo was the only thing he had and he 'd never had real wings , and after the new wild magic of faerie made the wings real so that they rose above me shining with magic .
you do n't contribute a damned thing to the upkeep of the fey here in l.a . , so before you go all high and mighty on us , i 'd think about this .
she 's this little thing and you think she 's harmless and cute .
` ` they look human , noses , mouths , the whole thing .
` ` choke me again , old hag , and i will beat you to death with this thing ! ''
` ` poor thing , '' another one tossed in as the ten or so lightnings laughed .
` ` stop hitting me with that bloody thing . ''
a six - inch thing that cut across her collarbone .
knowing how precious the thing was to him , she knew he would n't risk breaking it .
` ` i just wanted to see the pretty thing , '' the dragon announced to the room .
which meant no one handed bercelak a damn thing .
` ` and leave such a sweet young thing to the tender mercies of those harsh streets ?
` ` you heard me just fine and stop threatening me with that thing ! ''
` ` just trying to help you out , you poor old thing .
` ` would you watch that thing .
who gave her that thing anyway ?
make sure that thing does n't show .
when he thought about it , most things in the north seemed made of wood and sturdy .
` ` stop molesting me with that thing ! ''
she was a wee , plain thing and , like yrjan and his order , most likely spent the majority of her time in the safety of books .
so i ' ve been stumbling all over the place looking for that bloody thing !
` ` i am teaching you how to use that damn thing , '' a voice said behind her .
fearghus made a strangled noise of panic and gwenvael went to dive for the weapon , especially when he saw his newborn niece reach for the bloody thing .
poor thing squealed until strong arms outside that window caught her .
short of ripping his scales off - something he was loath to do - this was the only way to really scratch the damn thing properly .
` ` what , '' vigholf demanded without backing down , ` ` in all the battle - fucks is that thing ? ''
` ` how about that magick - infused sword thing you wanted ? ''
nothing more embarrassing than leaning back in a chair and having the damn thing break on you .
` ` you stabbed me , and this damn thing has n't healed in two years .
talwyn was proving herself to be her mother 's child by challenging anyone and everyone with her training sword- who gave her that bloody thing anyway ?
keita returned to the bed and crawled onto ragnar 's lap , a fur the only thing separating keita 's bare ass from the warlord 's bare cock .
the poor thing looked caught , ready to spring back into the room .
` ` go up that thing a few times a day , i 'll have legs like iron . ''
one that he could use whether in his natural form or as human , the entire thing extending with a good slam to the base .
a sweet thing like her could easily fal prey to the more forceful of his brethren , which was why he 'd warned them off .
she 'd been the first face that edana had seen when she 'd crawled out of her broken egg , one eye swol en shut from being pummeled by nesta , her back leg weak because breena had nearly bitten the damn thing off .
` ` you ' ve stabbed me enough with that thing . ''
` ` but i ' ve got this thing that princess morfyd gave me . ''
` ` but i have this talisman thing , '' he boasted , suddenly fal ing in love with that bloody necklace .
the damn thing should be roasted by vigholf 's lightning and torn to pieces by his comrades .
and vigholf raised his hammer and brought it down again and again directly onto the wyvern 's head , smashing it until the thing final y slumped forward , the only thing keeping it up being rhona 's spear .
what if it fails her just when she needs the damn thing most ? ''
he found it disturbingly sexy and could n't wait until they were alone and he could lick the damn thing from one end to the other .
besides '' -she shrugged- '' it 's a nice - looking thing if you like dragons .
he jerked to the side in time to avoid the damn thing impaling his nose , but the blade tore across his cheek instead , leaving a healthy - sized gash .
studying the thing 's size , eibhear leaned down a bit and asked , ` ` you 're not a god , are you ? ''
` ` i hate that thing , izzy ! ''
` ` i ' ve got the perfect thing , '' bran said excitedly .
the poor thing , he was beginning to look completely traumatized .
stepping back and lifting her weapon , the wonderful thing growing longer and wider with another thought , she opened her mouth and yelled out , ` ` eibhear ! ''
it 's just a thing he has . ''
izzy took the plate from her and threw the whole thing against the wall .
she motioned to the thing with a tilt of her head .
i mean , look at what that thing did to my face . ''
` ` i bet that thing ai n't even that heavy , '' a new , untested recruit challenged .
it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen in his four hundred years of living .
` ` ca n't you make this thing move any faster ? ''
we 'll just leave here first thing in the morning instead of later in the afternoon . ''
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning before anyone has a chance to notice the sapphire - blue affixed permanently in your eyes , and when we return , we 'll tell everyone we could n't wait any longer and were united while we were away - consummating the unity immediately after . ''
` ` i ' ve been dying to get behind the wheel of this thing . ''
` ` i really feel like i need a cool pair of shades to drive this thing .
joseph suggested , just in time too , because my heart was not the only thing acting erratically from the continued pressure of his hand .
she scowled at the thing every time she looked at it and william and joseph had made it their mission to use it every chance they got just to prove its worth .
maybe this ratty old thing was n't so bad after all ... cora smiled without humor at william , while the two brothers exchanged grins full of camaraderie .
` ` you leave first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you know , you do n't have to wear this thing until the leather disintegrates . ''
` ` but you ' ve only managed to heighten my interest in whatever is written on the pages of that thing . ''
i took a step back , not trusting myself , and dug in my pocket for the damp piece of notebook paper that was the only thing i had left for him .
` ` would it be too much to ask how much longer i ' m going to be stuck to this thing ? ''
` ` i ' m going to be walking like a cowboy for a week after straddling this thing so long . ''
i took a sip of the coffee , trying not to think about paul wearing the last thing william had when he was here .
` ` we 're jumping from this thing ? ''
any one of the fifty stores we passed on our way to get here would have had exactly the same thing .
` ` be ready to go first thing in the morning .
the boy moved seamlessly to my ankles , twisting the same thing around them in a figure - eight formation .
i can guarantee you with absolute confidence the only thing wil iam wil be violating until were properly united is his living room sofa .
do nt worry , wel get this thing rol ing .
and after swooping in to save wil iam and bryn this morning , committing a felony by robbing bryn of al her jeans , staying corseted into this thing al night , '' she motioned down her sparkly nude - colored gown that had cinched her waist into 1950s hol ywood starlet tiny '' and chasing bryn around the bal with that beautiful gown that wil likely spend the rest of its days locked away in the back of her closet , '' she shot me a quick look that said i d committed treason in her eyes , as if i was nt already convinced of it '' i m in need of several hours of recuperative rest .
let me get this thing off of you , he said , pul ing the mask off my face .
the light of the room did a blinding job on me ; a sheet of white was the only thing i could see .
i do nt have anything to wear either , but il have the one thing worth wearing by the end of the day .
i d had trouble with the darn thing without trying to perform acrobatics by bryn definition , but it appeared desperation made my hands more adept .
i could inflict some serious damage with that monstrosity '' this ... thing , i settled for .
you know , you do nt have to wear this ratty old thing any more , i said , running my fingers over the bracelet i d made him on a whim one night an entire lifetime ago , never expecting he d stil be wearing it months later as my husband .
` ` just see if the admiralty will pay for such a thing , '' jane said dryly , but she looked the designs over with a thoughtful more than a critical eye .
` ` you would burn it up in an instant : the thing is made of wood . ''
laurence had his share of the seaman 's instinctive faith in unpleasant medicine , and secretly the best part of his own hopes lay on the thing .
if we must worry about ferals in the forests , even so near , you must have a small dragon to carry you into the woods ; and dulcia will not go away when chenery is so ill . '' ` ` the thing grows hidden , under bushes , '' laurence said .
you are damned fortunate not to have poisoned temeraire with the thing in the first place . ''
` ` it can not be that bloody difficult to make them understand : we have a scrap of the thing left , and we can wave it in their faces to show them what we want . ''
` ` he says it makes cows sick , '' mrs . erasmus said , and the gesture was plain enough : the thing was considered a nuisance , and torn up where it was found ; which might explain its scarcity .
` ` nemachaen is a clever little beast , '' meaning the dog , who had acquired this grandiose name after the lion , courtesy of some of the younger ensigns presently being subjected to a haphazard education in the classics , ` ` but there is only so much blasted forest we can hack through in a day , to find one mushroom or two at a time when we need scores of the things . ''
dear god ... ripping off his leather jacket , he wadded the thing up , knelt down , and pressed it against the man 's exposed thorax .
matter of fact , she 'd watched him from her window as he mounted the thing , kick - started it , and tore off .
the gurney 's supports were extended so that the thing was at waist height , and just before they wheeled away , she took a mental snapshot .
jim had found her body hanging upside down in front of the thing in the demon 's temporary lair and been forced to leave her behind .
he had n't worn the damn thing on the way here , but he needed to conserve body heat - and as he pulled it on , he half expected de la cruz to wander over to revisit the lawyer issue .
the original finish was still on the piece , but then again , she 'd kept the thing safe from sun and water damage since she 'd bought it over two hundred years before .
the thing was a hideous portal , and the only way for her to get to her well of souls .
as the guy carefully brushed off the thing , even though there was no lint on it , adrian scrubbed his face and wished a lexus would fall on his own head : he knew damn well that had to be the article on that girl they 'd found hanging over devina 's tub - the virgin jim was obsessed with .
there was nothing about last night on the first page above the fold , so he flipped the thing over , looking for an article - and there was his name .
devina uncapped the thing with her long , manicured hands .
flattening the thing and spinning it around to face him , she stared across the table .
as the angel went to take it back , jim held on to the thing .
the thing was pastel and had an egg on it that was half lavender and half pink with a bright yellow band around the middle .
given the number of blouses and pants and skirts and dresses , it did n't look like the thing had been mined for favorites , but instead was on the ready .
in her office down the hall , she logged into the cpd database , fired up the report , and stood by the printer , ready to perform the heimlich when the thing got jammed - which it did .
leaning over to pick the thing up , she went eye - to - eye with the victoria 's secret payload .
some dirty clothes were in a plastic bin in the corner , socks and boxer briefs hanging off the sides as if the thing were drooling black cotton .
` ` where the hell are you ... '' the demon had been here - he could sense her presence lingering in the air , kind of like the stench of garbage hanging onto a trash bin even after the thing had been emptied .
but the glass - front face of the thing was utterly contaminated .
why else drape the thing ?
the man held the thing in his cupped palm for the longest time , staring at it as if it were a crystal ball that he could see into ... or maybe a mirror he was trying to see himself in .
given the strong signal the badge was giving off , you did n't want to get caught with your pants down if you were working on the thing .
stepping around a corner , she glanced up and down the hallway to make sure she was alone , and then she fritzed out the security camera above her , sending it just enough of an electrical surge to knock it cold without exploding the thing .
and , more important , she had an appointment with her therapist first thing in the morning , and she needed to pick out what she was going to wear - which could take hours .
concentrating on the badge , the thing felt like an ice cube against his skin , with all the piercing cold , just none of the dripping water .
going over and grabbing the thing , the screen announced that the call was from a 518 area code .
wheeling around , jim picked up a cheapo chair , raised the thing over his shoulder , and got ready to throw it at the door .
any more of that and he was going to break the thing , just split it right in half .
he lit the thing with the efficiency of a long - term smoker .
using his keys , he unlocked the thing and pushed the way into an anteroom where the check - in was .
tears waved across her vision as she realized anew that she was going to have to give the thing up if she wanted to progress this round with heron - and delvecchio .
she drank the cold water , crumpled the paper cup , and tossed the thing into a trash bin under the table .
` ` anyway , we were staying at the place my parents volunteered at , and the woman who gave birth to me stole some things from another family , so that was the end of that .
without breaking their lip - lock , he took its lapels in his fists and split the damn thing from collar to hem , popping free all kinds of pearly white ufos that sailed through the air and bounced off the carpet .
he paused , like he was giving her a chance to look hard at the thing .
taking out a marlboro , jim lit the thing and inhaled .
the screen was glowing and the transparent wash of blood across it made the thing throw off red light .
pulling the thing up to her chin , she studied his face .
holster was the last thing he gave her , and as she dealt with the leather strapping , he grabbed his pants and held them over his hips .
when she took the thing out , she found that she had missed three calls .
pulling the chair out from the desk , she oriented the thing in the corner so that she could see both the front door and the door that she 'd come in through from the garage ; then she dragged a side table over .
jim ripped off his wet leather coat , wadded the thing up , and pushed eddie 's slippery , glossy red hands out of the way .
- the whole goddamn thing blew out . ''
i do n't have to be all up in kroner 's face if we find something and i wo n't touch a goddamn thing , but i ' ve got to do this . ''
` ` you do n't touch a goddamn thing , and you do n't go out until reilly 's here . ''
shit , to think he used to like that thing .
taking the thing out , he read the text from adrian : ben tryn 2 reach u - need u now .
the bastard had gotten itself a shovel and obviously used the thing like a tennis racket , swinging and following through with the flat metal end .
staring down at the thing , she put her hand out , and with all the urgency of someone picking up a newspaper , summoned the form into her palm , drawing it up from the ground in a liquid rush and absorbing the stain into herself .
and then did the same disappear with his arousal , tucking himself away and rezipping , even though it was a struggle , given the size of that damn thing of his .
her nasty smile was the kind of thing horror movies tried to pull off and could n't get anywhere near .
for all he knew , the thing could have been topped with rubber tires and chunks of plaster .
when he hit the thing , he nearly dropped to his knees with a prayer of thanks .
his first impulse was to throw the thing out , but the pull of what might be inside made that impossible - and did n't that make him hate the mental power his father had always had over him .
` ` i saw the thing .
as he stared out of vicious slits , he was downright deadly - and precisely the kind of thing veck was glad he had at his back : he had a feeling he was going to need another good fighter around if he was going to battle this side of himself .
veck had put them in the same boat , and that meant someone who had been a stranger was now a kind of friend - as her phone went off in her purse , she knew who it was before she took the thing out .
when jim extended the pack , veck took two , thinking that now was a perfect time to toss that i - quit thing right out the window .
while he was turning his phone over , he saw that the thing had a couple of messages .
the thing was lit like a jeweler 's display case , with great panels of fluorescents screwed into the ceiling , and the floor was a speckled brown , the kind of thing that hid dirt well , but was kept buffed and shined anyway .
the thing was lit like a jeweler 's display case , with great panels of fluorescents screwed into the ceiling , and the floor was a speckled brown , the kind of thing that hid dirt well , but was kept buffed and shined anyway .
grabbing the thing and accepting the call , she barked , ` ` reilly . ''
they were wrapped so tightly around the steering wheel , it was a wonder the damn thing had n't snapped off .
you will not find a single thing that will tie me to sissy barten or kroner . ''
the sort of thing that took you away from this furious impotence and made you feel like a god .
in the attic proper , the other officer had turned a bald lightbulb on , and the thing was swinging on its tether , going back and forth and pulling shadows out from the rafters .
more of the same : smooth , unmarked rug , the kind of thing you got when you 'd vacuumed a while ago and left the fibers alone to recover from the tracks of your dyson .
abruptly unable to stay still , ad went over to the refrigerator and cracked the thing .
ping around the side of the thing , he ducked into himself and hit the ground on a roll .
walking fast for the main stairs , she reminded herself that even though it was after hours , the lights were still on everywhere and there were twenty or thirty night - shift people working in the building - when her phone went off , she nearly dropped the damn thing .
when veck 's phone went off at quarter to nine , he was so keyed up , he almost did n't bother answering the fucking thing .
he 'd tossed the cell on the counter and it was on vibrate , the thing inching closer and closer to the edge with every trembling ring - a - ding - ding .
there was a grunt and a scraping noise ... the kind of thing that a pair of feet made over the earth .
` ` catch , '' veck barked , as he tossed the thing over .
` ` it 's just glass - ` ` ` ` use the goddamn thing . ''
and as the elevator dinged and he stepped off onto the seventh floor of the inpatient building , he used the thing to help get his sorry ass out into the corridor .
however , although colin did dry off , the bastard merely looped the thing around the back of his neck when he was finished .
why did it have to have been that hannaford supermarket on that particular night ... susan balanced on the tipping edge of madness as the hundreds of different avenues open to her elder daughter presented themselves in a list ... and she wondered yet again why , when the dice had been rolled , had they come up with - a shout erupted out of her mouth before she was conscious of making the sound , and her legs were the same - doing their duty to get her out of the chair and around behind the thing before she was aware of moving .
not a power , but an actual thing , like a necklace , he would have to do so through an emissary ? ''
his hand kept straying to his chest , rubbing at the amulet even as his mind pondered how the thing worked .
i feel ridiculous in this thing , she muttered .
` ` i ' m the closest thing you ' ve got , '' he retorted , as if he 'd read her mind .
this thing keeps burning . ''
that thing was completely gray from head to toe .
` ` if that thing had details , i want to see them . ''
would reed have given her such a thing ?
she dug out a leather wallet - looking thing and flipped it open .
` ` that thing is going to blow .
he normally kept the damn thing off , but with eve in training he wanted to be accessible .
i put a hole in the thing when it came at me . ''
with that thing on his head and back , i could n't tell what he was .
` ` i tried that , but then i left the damn thing under my pillow when i could n't sleep . ''
how old is that thing ?
he had no one to call now , but the act of playing with the damn thing gave both him and eve the chance to cool down .
pubescent boys had never been her thing .
as my eyes adjusted to the depths , i remembered that my housecoat was still in the dryer and this ` ` thing '' had dimensions and breadth to it .
for a split second i saw the thing .
the lighthouse was n't your typical straight up and down phallic - looking thing .
they 'd probably burn the whole thing down .
i started throttling the thing , my hands sweaty and slipping .
` ` i appreciate a straight shooter - fuck knows i do n't have enough of them around me- but do n't admit the thing is fake . ''
web thing .
followed by , ` ` that thing wo n't read itself , '' and a quick tap on the books .
film the crap out of that thing .
if we were in fact still doing this project - at the moment i did n't know what dex would salvage from his camera , let alone the fact the whole thing might get shot down - we would obviously show people the truth .
` ` but i ca n't open this f**king thing . ''
you kind of wear the same thing every day .
i looked behind me at the zodiac we were towing and thought if anything was going to get stuck , it was going to be that thing .
he came beside me and tied the rope around a metal hook thing , finishing it off in a fancy sailor knot , then opened the lifelines behind me and started to pull in the zodiac .
if i fell over at any point , and that was very likely , the camera would be the thing breaking my fall .
it was one of those psa - type shows , akin to why you should n't play with fireworks and that sort of thing .
` ` we are leaving first thing in the morning . ''
the poor thing , all alone .
` ` did you find the damn thing ? ''
there was no way we could pull the entire thing towards us , so we moved our hands along it , one on top of the other , steadily going up the length of the rope like we were rock climbing .
i feel so unprepared about this whole mental institute thing , you have n't given me anything to go on ... '' ` ` there 's a thing called google , you know .
i 'd be off that thing in two seconds . ''
dex would pause every so often and hold the evp thing still so it could pick up on something , but we would n't know whether it did or not until later .
that 's it , i ' m quitting drugs first thing in the morning , i thought .
i did n't like him being so up close first thing in the morning .
but the blonde one just lifted her finger to lips , a skinny pale thing i glimpsed through the tomatoes .
it cracked open and thank the lord there were barely any bees or wasps left in the thing otherwise we might have been in big trouble .
now she was at least six years old , a little round thing but still so very beautiful .
she did n't have to buy the thing , but she did .
not the best thing i ' ve tasted in my life , but it was good considering she ran - domly cooked it in her uncle 's place .
it did n't help that i 'd also gone from lying - on - the - bathroom - floor - drinking - jack - out - of - the - bottle to stuffing every single thing in my face .
ada was at my side but it did n't matter because perry , that thing that was inside her , broke free out of the rest of the ropes like bruce banner on crystal meth .
` ` she 's going to the hospital first thing in the morning . ''
the farty little thing was being used as a goddamn buffer !
there was no bartender , so i leaned over to the man next to me , an old grizzled thing with a beard that reached the table and said , ` ` so if there 's no bartender , do we just help ourselves ? ''
i could bounce f**king nickels off that thing , if not smack it a few times with my dick .
to make matters worse , maximus was insistent that we stop at a crab shack he remembered , an authentic old thing on stilts .
` ` oh , that must be the smoke stack from the old mill , '' rebecca said excitedly as we neared the thing dex once described as an ` ` ancient dildo . ''
he sat on the edge of my bed , his weight nearly lifting the whole thing , and looked up at us , completely devious .
` ` did you guys see that f**king thing ?
he nodded and stopped in the middle of the hall , the same place where dex and i had been when we saw the thing .
` ` do you have a light on that thing ? ''
` ` we saw the thing last night , '' i said simply without looking at dex .
it took me a while to realize that the whole thing was n't solid .
it must have been the thing that oldman had been talking about when that teen went missing and they had to block off the tunnel in some way .
` ` i feel like i want you to show me that thing where you can make me come in five seconds flat . ''
perhaps he did have to use the damn thing , but ...
' i know , i know , but it 's that damn thing !
i do n't know , i do n't know , this is getting too much , that damn thing around all the time - ' ' making you a fat profit - ' ' all right , all right , but this other stuff , the poison , i never - ' ' shut up !
it 's cruel , i know , but it 's the only thing we ' ve found that works against bogeymen .
the thing looked like the kind of pots igneous despised , the ones made by people who thought that because it was hand - made it was supposed to look as if it was hand - made , and that thumbprints baked in the clay were a sign of integrity .
the thing looked hand - made .
she walked around behind the thing .
' are you telling me this ... thing is powered by words ?
five hundred and thirty dollars the thing had cost .
the damned thing only ever stopped working when it had run out of things to do .
of course , the thing about things that were stolen was that the bloody things were n't there .
it 's just ... odd that he should have the thing , sir . '
it was one place where watchmen did n't have to see things or be disturbed .
they had n't found a thing .
' i thought the damn thing smashed up ... wee mad arthur looked down .
' detritus , let 's get fred off that thing . '
i wish i 'd never bought the damned thing !
' i thought it 'd help build up the business but the damned thing wo n't stop - ' he glanced up at the line of candles whirring overhead , but jerked his head back before angua could move .
' paint not dry and he flaunts the thing for all the world to see ! '
' we 'll try six feet of cold steel in the ear just as soon as you let the damn thing go ! '
the thing 's shaky enough as it is ! '
you ' ve made this thing a policeman ?
' i suppose you wo n't be able to find one of your famous clues on the thing ? '
at their head was hughnon ridcully , chief priest of blind lo and the closest thing ankh - morpork had to a spokesman on religious issues .
the old man 's hands shook so bad that billy had been afraid he was going to drop the damn thing , but somehow he hung on to it .
` ` mike , how hard can you hit with that thing of yours ? ''
inside , billy lit the lamp , and they took in the thing on the bed .
she needed it , poor thing .
step off my thing . ''
it covered the entire bowl of the sky , as if the whole thing had shattered .
this thing was moving , and i mean fast as a freight train .
she could n't have been more than five -- a cute little thing , long brown hair , clutching a stuffed animal of some kind .
it would n't hold the thing long -- maybe not at all .
the iron - bar fence was ahead of me , topped with gothic triangular spikes ; no way was i vaulting that thing .
the oracle was the most powerful thing in the room .
the thing was toxic to him .
it was happening faster this time , and the sensation was so horrible that i was weeping , sobbing , shaking with the urge to fling the thing away from me .
i had to get rid of this thing , even if it meant losing my hand .
this thing was taller .
we need to find a way to firebreak this thing . ''
emily and i commandeered the radio that had been left behind -- a huge old clunker of a thing , and proof positive that upgrades were n't high on the federal budget triage scale .
only , clearly , it was the real thing , heavy and groaning , shaking dust and splinters as he hauled it around like a toy .
eamon was sitting in an armchair next to the light , which was a standard - issue sort of thing with a lopsided paper shade .
the geometry of the thing did n't make sense .
just for a split second , because i turned my face away and closed my eyelids and prayed , prayed never to see such a thing again .
the thing was little , light , and incredibly maneuverable .
and if i may say so myself , it was a hell of a good shot , because i felt every bone in my hand turn to shards of glass , and i was sure i 'd broken every damn thing in my body between fingertips and collarbone ... ... but she shut her mouth , rocked back a step , and the other two djinn followed suit .
` ` is that time enough to prepare such a thing ? ''
aria 's mouth lifted into a chill little smile as she sent the thing flashing forth again , and in another roar of intertwined fire and wind embedded the broken remains of a second blade - beast into the far wall of the hive .
` ` i ' m not entirely sure this thing wo n't explode the second i release the string . ''
if that thing makes it all the way here , this war is over .
kevin gathered his things and rose .
we have to get this thing fixed . ''
brandon was obviously anxious , too , chopping wood that did n't need to be chopped and building things in his backyard that did n't need to be built .
he regards your sword as something dangerous - you 'll just be the soft , weak thing holding it . ''
he had removed all of her things , packing them in a pair of trunks stowed underneath his bed .
` ` being called something does not make you that thing , valleyboy .
` ` so , this thing we 're supposed to be getting , '' tavi began .
if you go toying with the wall , you 'll disrupt the foundation , and the whole thing will collapse .
the floor bucked , walls undulated , cracks ripped through plaster , and the air exploded with the sounds of glass crashing , things falling , and timbers snapping .
the jolt that went through me when i tried to take hold of the thing felt like being on the receiving end of a live power cable , only not as much fun .
that thing - it seems to be the epicenter , and no way is that supposed to be there . ''
we need to figure out what this thing is , fast . ''
` ` you ever get this thing detailed ? ''
lewis held on for longer than i had - long enough that i began to think he was actually going to manage to yank the damn thing out - but then was thrown back , just as i 'd been .
` ` looks like the thing 's hot . ''
this thing in the ground you and rocha saw , you think it 's some kind of device ? ''
silverton reached inside the djinn , got both hands around the thing inside him , and pulled .
silverton 's face had gone an unhealthy shade of gray , and his hands shook as he pulled the thing out .
we both looked at the thing lying on the concrete floor , alien and deadly enough to destroy a djinn even without being released .
there was also a djinn in the mix - a short , round little thing with that indefinable glimmer to her skin and eyes .
maybe silverton had known the risks when he 'd reached into that cavity to grab the thing ; maybe he 'd just been unlucky .
people who came in contact with this thing - ` ` ` ` got it , '' he said .
i do n't want that thing lying around where anybody can pick it up .
` ` i was thinking of the thing with my tongue , actually . ''
heather , disheartened , reclaimed the thing and began to have it carted back to the lab for more tests .
i felt sick , and i 'd barely skimmed the thing .
the symbols were incomprehensible , densely printed on the page ; i was tempted to look at the thing on the aetheric , but i was also afraid .
i knew - i remembered - that the last version of this thing i 'd seen had possessed an eerie kind of pull , and this copy had that in full measure .
there was power in that thing , sure , but it was raw and untamed and all too easy to misuse .
this weapon , the thing they 're using , it 's a tool of unmaking ; that 's what they 're calling it - ` ` his eyes flared black , like venna 's .
if i could look half that good in the thing ... well , that took care of the dress .
the horrible thing was heavier than i 'd expected , and my muscles began to shake , trying to rid me of the burden .
the roof joists snapped , and the entire thing inverted into a v , crashing toward us .
and he 's going to use her to make that thing he has even stronger .
` ` yes , i 'd like to have a room for the rest of the night , but i 'll be checking out first thing in the morning .
instead of asking a nurse , i talked to dr . spradling directly first thing the next morning .
she had short brown hair worn in a longer version of a standard boys ' haircut , which looked cute on her , since she was a petite thing .
` ` these charges sound like a bunch of crap , but i ' m calling montana first thing in the morning to get this straightened out .
sybil was n't willing to do a thing to help me , and i was n't even sure i could think of anything concrete for her to do .
i got a croissant out of the basket , knew i 'd regret it later , and ate the whole thing in about forty - five seconds .
circular motion inside the thing .
i set it on fire with a spark from the electricity still crackling around in the air , and wrapped the whole thing in a shell of carbon dioxide , and lifted that bowling - ball - sized inferno in one hand and held it there .
she lifted her left hand and pointed it at the thing , and her fingers sprouted claws again - long , wickedly pointed things that gleamed harsh crystal in the overhead lights .
my djinn senses were still locked on full , and every damn thing in the place had a history , sweaty and heavy in my head .
he 'd manifested some kind of breakfast while i was n't looking , but it did n't look anything like a traditional bacon - and - eggs kind of thing ; some kind of lumpy - looking yogurt stuff , thin little flaps of something that looked like unfolded blintzes , and a weirdly colored fruit mishmash .
patrick himself picked a plastic thing in the shape of a hand , wished some kind of alcoholic beverage into his hand , and waited for the show with the genial half - interest of a golf fan at a tennis match .
it did n't want to be found , this thing .
i felt the thing give with a hot little pop .
` ` listen , when i tried to seal this thing , it sent out this puff of- coldlight .
i 'd already tried all the traditional stuff - disrupting the convection engine that was feeding the process ; adding cooling layers underneath to isolate the updrafts ; bringing in strong dry winds to shred the structure of the thing .
truthfully , i kind of liked the shoes , in a trashy , over - the - top kind of way , and i might not have minded putting the thing on to see the look in david 's eyes , but to see it in this kid 's ... worthy of a shudder .
he sat up , grabbed the first thing that came to hand - a cd player - and threw it across the room hard enough to smash it to bits against the far wall .
he had the no - blinking thing down .
i mean , the thing was pretty well camouflaged when i got there .
jonathan , can you drop this thing long enough for us to get through ?
temeraire looked at the fish dubiously , then nibbled ; shortly the entire thing from head to tail had vanished down his throat : it had been a full twelve pounds .
laurence hefted the thing , which was about the size of his fist ; it certainly was curious , pyrite intergrown with quartz crystal and rock .
the golden chain was absurdly heavy , the sort of thing no woman could wear and too gaudy for a man : thick square links with flat disks and small pearl drops hanging from them , alternated .
laurence frowned , trying to puzzle the thing out : it looked rather like a ship - of - the - line , but with no railings at all around her upper deck , and no masts shipped , with strange thick beams protruding from both sides fore and aft , and no gunports .
a soft blue thing with matching shoes .
` ` they let you wear one thing from your district in the arena .
i might fall out of this thing . ''
i make a mental note to camouflage it first thing tomorrow .
she recognizes the bird , too , some wild thing they call a groosling in her district .
thresh has cato 's backpack containing the thing he needs desperately .
the very dish i told caesar flickerman was the most impressive thing the capitol had to offer .
there hardly ever is , even though the thing is supposed to be charged full - time .
at first , the thing barely ever got used .
once , it must have been a thing of beauty , but time has taken its toll .
this is exactly the kind of thing i am supposed to be defusing !
i toss one to twill but cross over and place the other on bonnie 's lap since her hand - eye coordination seems a little questionable at the moment and i do n't want the thing ending up in the fire .
i stick one of the candies in my mouth , feeling the peppermint melt on my tongue , and realize it 's the first thing i ' ve eaten all day .
thread must believe i somehow got under the thing , even with that deadly current running through it .
it 's an old thing , made of parchment and leather .
the sort of thing grooms wear to get married in , here in the capitol .
finally finnick says , ` ` i ca n't believe cinna put you in that thing . ''
i wrestle the thing from the ground and brush it clean .
` ` this worthless thing .
then i hurl the revolting thing into the jungle .
the thing 's rigged so that everything that can go wrong for you does .
instead , i pull out the holo and insist that jackson talk me through the most basic commands - which are really about entering the coordinates of the nearest map grid intersection - so that i can at least begin to operate the thing myself .
the strange boxy thing hung in the sky , rotating slowly .
a cold fire sprang to life where the thing had pierced him ; he felt the salivalike secretion running down his sides , then heat , like boiling water pouring into him .
as they drew near , ramon saw that the thing was not solid .
i 'd try making a sling , maybe killing a flatfur or dragonjay , but i ' ve got this fucking thing in my neck .
the thing had made its mistake .
` ` free is not with a fucking thing sticking into my neck , '' ramon said .
if you 're going to keep this fucking thing in me , the least you can do is keep up when i walk . ''
you got sensors on this thing ? ''
` ` i just asked if you had some kind of sensors on this thing .
the thing sounded like the ship psychiatrist from ramon 's jump out .
it was the nearest thing he 'd had to a mirror since he 'd been lifted from the vat .
at least the other ramon did n't have this thing stuck in his neck .
the bone - white slats and dripping strands of the thing 's walls and floor had been broken and ripped apart .
ramon lifted the thing with a branch broken from the nearest tree .
he had thought the thing was unarmed after the yunea 's crash .
` ` you 're the one who put this fucking thing in my neck !
` ` so you saw the thing they put in my neck . ''
he had to spend an hour redesigning the thing .
ramon began to regret they 'd made the thing as large as they had .
` ` it 's going to be a real sonofabitch getting that thing down , '' the man said .
move the fucking thing ? ''
even then , knowing something was wrong , it took the space of five fast breaths together before he noticed the flattening in the animal 's neck ruff , the fleshy , ropelike thing buried in the chupacabra 's neck .
so , middle of the night , the fucking thing gives out .
` ` they only took that thing out of my cock a few days ago , woman .
i figure if i promise him a part of the cut , it 'll only take me three or four good runs to pay the thing off . ''
` ` i kept telling him to throw the fucking shabby thing out , but did he ever listen to me ?
the van chimed , and he turned his attention back to the next of the near - infinite small manual corrections flying the thing required .
i felt humidity sucking up into that thing , fueling power .
` ` you know as well as i do that rubber tires wo n't do a damn thing against half a million amps . ''
you do n't need a damn thing .
somebody had come along and brute - forced this thing together , and if it had n't been broken up yet by the combined power of the wardens , it had one hell of a power supply behind it .
i need you to create a cold downdraft over the top of this thing .
` ` yeah , this is my idea of a quick getaway , '' he said , and shrugged into the thing like he 'd been doing it all his life .
in the rearview mirror , i saw him turn down the page , put the book back in his backpack , and heft the thing like it weighed no more than my purse .
at the crest of the next hill , i saw a neat red farmhouse with a matching barn behind , the kind of thing people paint for craft fairs ; i 'd never really seen one that , well , perfect before .
i felt things brush my reaching free hand and arms - tendrils - grass roots .
people expect that kind of thing when you first see their home .
not the kind of thing i 'd give away cups of to marginally welcome guests .
ca n't die with this thing inside me .
every cell in my body , real or aetheric , was screaming to get that thing out of me .
i ca n't afford to put my djinn out of commission with this thing , he 'd said .
i did n't want to end up with this thing inside me .
i stared at it , baffled ; the hotel gift shop was long - ago closed , and i had n't rescued any clothes of my own ; surely david was n't in the habit of carrying around a thing like that in his pocket .
` ` hey , you want to fix this thing or not ?
there was power in this thing .
it was an old , dilapidated thing of fire - ravaged bricks and blank glassless windows , probably due for demolition , but there was no way it should have chosen this moment to lie down right in front of me .
he did n't try to grab it - the thing was obviously too heavy for him - but he 'd positioned himself so that it fell into the air just in front of him .
exactly the sort of thing he 'd never have let himself taste during his years training .
the only thing of value i have is this blade , and i ' m not going to deliver it back into the hands of one of the deathless . ''
there was no mouth , though the spindly thing spoke .
he almost ordered the thing away .
he did n't feel like destroying the thing .
it was a thing of beauty , with ornate carvings and subtle colors , set in a garden with bridges spanning ponds and slow streams .
the worker and devoted alike undoubtedly hoped the daerils would ignore such protocols , but this thing had been created by raidriar himself .
lacking the machinery to sustain it , the thing was literally falling apart .
he 'd carried his life about on the thing .
i 'd all but forgotten about signing the damned thing , to tell the truth ... and i still do n't know exactly why he was so upset ... but ... but when he came back she hugged natalie to her , trembling .
the old gray jacket had big flap pockets , but he was afraid that even if he could sneak his hand in there unnoticed , the most lethal thing he would find was apt to be a crumpled - up dentyne wrapper .
did you get that thing bleeding again ? ''
he sensed nothing frightening about the two figures on may locher 's stoop other than the long , sharp - looking thing one of them was holding .
the detective in the windbreaker and the watchcap turned to them and raised his hands to shoulder - level , palms out , as if to say what did you think you were going to do with that thing ?
any idea how he would have come by a thing like that ? ''
` ` he 's going to cut its throat with that thing he has !
` ` oh ralph , the poor thing !
did i really shoot that thing with my finger , ralph ?
` ` just another minute - let me get this damned thing parked . ''
ralph looked more closely and realized the thing had no head ... no discernible tail , either .
[ ` ` if ' you knew how horrible that was- ... touching the thing ` ` you put it across very well , lois .
but the red thing had n't been just marks or a splotch or a meaningless bit of pattern ; it had been an ideogram or ideograms .
just as well , of course ; if he had actually been able to grab the damned thing , he would have left the top two layers of his fingers hanging off the brass knob in charbroiled strips .
` ` somebody should have paid attention to the stickers on the damned thing . ''
ralph did n't hear the thick popping sound the fragile , flabby thing made when it burst , but he could imagine it .
ralph saw lois grimly holding her slip up through the skirt of her dress as they struggled down the hill , thought again about asking if she would n't be happier just ditching the damned thing , and decided again to mind his own business .
he dropped to his knees and crawled beneath the money - laden table , and into the shrine atropos had created around the thing which lay in the middle of the floor .
ralph reached out to grab it , wanting to get the damned thing out of his face .
[ ` ` if there are voices in here , i ca n't hear them , lois - that damned thing is drowning them out . '' ]
that thing 's dangerous .
the only thing i ever saw her put on the dining - room table was indian bouquet , and that was n't anything but autumn grasses .
before he could consider this idea further , lois traded helen 's sneaker for the thing in his hand : a small stiff crumple of paper .
she had just looked so goddamned our lois going down the hill on that thing , spinning around and around with her legs crossed like one of those yogis from the mysterious east , and she had almost knocked the portosan over when she hit it .
i ' m also pretty sure that fairy princesses do n't have to deal with this kind of shit first thing in the morning .
it gleamed deep red in the late afternoon light and did n't look like the kind of thing you 'd find at ikea .
` ` i ' m going to have to sanitize this thing .
a girl with the same face ( ` ` purtiest little thing i seen in a month , '' the ticket clerk had said ) and long , luxuriant , black hair ( ` ` black as a new - moon bayou sky , '' said a porter ) had boarded a bus in baton rouge .
she cautiously slipped into the study again , and was relieved and as tonished to see that the thing was a large , nearly - six - foot - tall terra - cotta figure of an oriental warrior .
the trick to egyptian magick - the real thing , not the astronomer 's warped and bloody version - was to go at it from their reverence for animals .
struggling up to gaze at the thing between her legs .
` ` you work too hard , miss maloy , a pretty young thing like you .
` ` not that we ever managed to develop a damn thing , '' she replied mechanically .
it was a twisted little thing , shoeless , sockless , pale under the streetlamp , soft and small like the foot of a child , growing from a ragged stump that was crusty with dried blood .
fortunato took the broken thing in his arms .
took him in and taught him the secrets , taught him the name of the thing he 'd seen , the name that was the ultimate masonic word : tiamat taught him about the machine , the shakti device that the brother from the stars had brought to cagliostro .
but the worst part was that she was wearing the same thing he was ...
though he had found out that the thing needed looking after ; it did not seem always of the same size or weight ; it shrank or expanded in an odd way , and might suddenly slip off a finger where it had been tight . '
i could have brought the thing here myself long ago without so much trouble .
boromir 's eyes glinted as he gazed at the golden thing .
what hand save sauron 's ever held this thing , ere it was lost ?
upon this very ring which you have here seen held aloft , round and unadorned , the letters that isildur reported may still be read , if one has the strength of will to set the golden thing in the fire a while .
` ` and he that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom . ''
' it 's a pretty thing , is n't it ? '
the branches of the mallorn - tree grew out nearly straight from the trunk , and then swept upward ; but near the top the main stem divided into a crown of many boughs , and among these they found that there had been built a wooden platform , or flet as such things were called in those days : the elves called it a talan .
why should mr . frodo put the thing on ?
he held up a thing that glittered in the sunlight .
it was fashioned by the builders of old , who smoothed the ring of isengard , and yet it seemed a thing not made by the craft of men , but riven from the bones of the earth in the ancient torment of the hills .
his wizardry may have been falling off lately , of course ; but anyway i think he has not much grit , not much plain courage alone in a tight place without a lot of slaves and machines and things , if you know what i mean .
i guess that , even if we had entered in , we could have found few treasures in orthanc more precious than the thing which wormtongue threw down at us . '
then at last he looked at the thing that he had uncovered .
had you this thing in keeping ?
we in the house of denethor know much ancient lore by long tradition , and there are moreover in our treasuries many things preserved : books and tablets writ on withered parchments , yea , and on stone , and on leaves of silver and of gold , in divers characters .
i would not take this thing , if it lay by the highway .
i must find the mountain of fire and cast the thing into the gulf of doom .
at once it sat down and began to gnaw at the small silver thing that glittered as it turned : the last rays of the moon were now falling behind the stony wall at the pool 's end .
would you have me come to gondor with this thing , the thing that drove your brother mad with desire ?
would you have me come to gondor with this thing , the thing that drove your brother mad with desire ?
then his own will stirred ; slowly it forced the hand back , and set it to find another thing , a thing lying hidden near his breast .
then his own will stirred ; slowly it forced the hand back , and set it to find another thing , a thing lying hidden near his breast .
mark my words : if ever we get to the pass , he wo n't let us really take the precious thing over the border without making some kind of trouble . '
' let me see now : if we 're found here , or mr . frodo 's found , and that thing 's on him , well , the enemy will get it .
no hangings nor storied webs , nor any things of woven stuff or of wood , were to be seen in that long solemn hall ; but between the pillars there stood a silent company of tall images graven in cold stone .
' i have received this , ' said denethor , and laying down his rod he lifted from his lap the thing that he had been gazing at .
there was no gleam of stone or gold , nor any fair thing in all their gear and harness : nor did their riders bear any badge or token , save only that each cloak was pinned upon the left shoulder by a brooch of silver shaped like a rayed star .
to use this thing is perilous .
' if i had this thing now in the deep vaults of this citadel , we should not then shake with dread under this gloom , fearing the worst , and our counsels would be undisturbed .
' had i done so , i could have sent this thing hither to your keeping and spared myself and others much anguish .
i do not trust myself in this , and i refused this thing , even as a freely given gift .
for if we have found this thing , there are some among us with strength enough to wield it .
it had to be the softest thing he 'd ever felt .
oh , this handle thing here ?
and he had never seen such a bright and shiny thing as marcia 's gold and platinum belt .
not exactly what you want to see first thing in the morning . ''
jenna shuddered when she saw the thing .
that thing 's just slipped out from inside the canoe .
i want you to tell zelda to take you all to the port first thing tomorrow morning .
it was then that she had decided there was only one thing for it : vigor volts .
' have n't touched a thing , guv .
' what 's that round thing i always see poking out of the roof ? '
it had been a brute of a thing , cramped , heavy and depressing .
nice little thing , sir , lot of tiny detail , made by widow women according to tradition , costs a whole shilling 'cos the engraving is so fine .
' it 's just like the real thing , ai n't it , ' growled the seemer .
cosmo stared at the wondrous thing , moving his hand so that it caught the light .
the shock that went up his arm when he slid the ring , all right forced the ring over the knuckle was enough to tell him that he had got the real thing .
he would have smelled a rat if the bloody thing had fitted !
heretofore had told cosmo that he could get a replica made and use his contacts - his very expensive contacts - at the palace to get it swapped for the real thing .
' hey , someone took my - ' adora belle began , but moist pushed her out of the way as the thing swung back again and a banana knocked his hat off .
notice how they keep jinking all the time , just like the real thing ? '
think of what might happen if this sort of thing fell into the wrong hands !
in the meantime , he would be grateful if mr lipwig would be kind enough to wear these lightweight manacles , for the look of the thing , and when they were taken off him , as they surely would be when his character was proved to be spotless , would he please remind the officer in charge that they were prison property , thank you very much .
' this curious thing was in the possession of cosmo lavish , ' he said , as the blade slid out .
' i see here that this is to familiarize people with the look of the thing .
the people who ask that question are usually taking it for granted that if we have learned a thing from parents and teachers , then that thing must be merely a human invention .
` ` poor thing , '' dockson muttered .
it was the only thing he 'd left behind when he 'd snuck away from the crew half a year before .
the poor thing 's been beaten nearly senseless .
` ` oh , do n't intimidate the poor thing , kelsier , '' breeze said with a wave of his hand .
and yet , staring up at the horrible , twisting thing , vin could almost believe .
this thing would be impossible to hide in !
it would take days and days to read the entire thing .
he lost someone , a woman he loved , to a nobleman who wanted a pretty thing for the evening 's entertainment . ''
with an incredible burst of speed , the inquisitor grabbed the empty , boxlike prison cell by a pair of bars , then ripped the entire thing free of the cartwheels .
i do n't want that thing around .
this scrawny thing ?
vin reached up , fingering the simple bronze earring that was the only thing she had as a memento of mother .
the window - red and lavender - was a thing of intricate beauty .
` ` i just ... do n't trust that thing , elend .
a spar in the night was one thing , but if their contest grew dangerous , atium might come into play .
i really need to read that thing again .
` ` here 's the thing , el , '' ham said .
she was a cute thing , obviously well trained for the court - exactly the sort of girl that elend had spent his youth trying to avoid .
` ` what was that pink thing i just passed in the hallway ? ''
was n't it just a few weeks ago that she could n't stand the thing ?
` ` keep the silly thing , if you want .
spook leaned against the scraggly tree trunk , looking around at things elend could n't see .
but this thing was too short to be tindwyl .
the only thing she had was one of her metal vials .
it had taken a great deal of work to surround the entire thing with a defensive mound .
the thing we saw a year ago at the well ... perhaps it 's gone .
ruin could plan and carefully plot , knowing if he built one thing up , he could use it to knock down two others .
` ` you expect us to be able to read that thing ? ''
the thing in that last cache might be just what we need in order to survive . ''
she had been an uncertain , nervous thing back then , worried that her newfound world of a trustworthy crew and beautiful parties would collapse around her .
the ash had been allowed to drift here , piling in corners , making a general mess of things .
the lord ruler 's forced labor projects had brutalized the skaa , but had kept things clean of ash and given even the oversized city a sense of order .
she had sensed it in the moment when she had touched the thing .
the thing he had ordered noorden to work on .
` ` from a timid little thing like that ?
it was a dull thing , allomantically , made of bronze with some silver plating .
elend took a step forward , cocking1 his head to see what the thing was writing .
it can rewrite pieces of text on paper , so why not things scratched in ash ? ''
i need to learn what i can from this thing .
you said that you did n't need that sort of thing . ''
i ' ve come for the thing you discovered in that cache . ''
the pieces of this thing are all spinning about , cast to the wind .
how could he use such a thing ?
both the casing and the medium - caliber bullet 's jacket looked like steel , but the entire thing seemed too light .
it was a simple thing , stamped on the head with the ten interlocking rings of the path .
the aggressiveness was n't the dog 's fault ; the poor thing looked like it had n't been fed in days .
with shaking hands , she searched in her pocketbook for any bills , but the bandit just snatched the entire thing and dumped it into his sack .
` ` you said she might have been a decoy to throw us off , '' wayne said , dumping some bendalloy into his teacup , then downing the entire thing in one draught .
i ' m going to need to read that thing .
once the thing ... the machine ... was stabilized , some men moved through the darkness to the vault car .
they 'd look like an ordinary barge , the arms and ballast hidden under other tarps and the whole thing disguised to look like a shipment of stone from one of the outer quarries .
` ` get ready to fire on the person inside the moment we open the thing . ''
agnes 's voice came clear to me as she said to sholto , ` ` how can you want that weak thing ?
she drew in a ragged breath , fully aware of how her body fitted against his hard slabs of muscles and the ... other thing that seemed equally proportioned to his large body .
she was wearing the same thing she 'd had on earlier .
the only thing she could give someone that did n't belong to the sanctuary and was n't controlled by her contract .
from the moment he left that thing in his limo it had begun .
inherently , he knew this thing was an angel .
baal approached the bed , staring down at the lovely thing .
he twisted the head right off the thing .
she fished the thing out .
there was a moment of appreciation as he approached the bike , knowing he would probably never have the luxury of riding this thing again .
yanking the damn thing out of the duffel bag , i did n't look at the caller i d before i answered .
tapping on the screen , i realized that the thing was dead .
my hands trembled on the steering wheel , which caused me to grip the thing like an old grandma way past acceptable driving age .
the thing was n't a luxury vehicle , but i could n't afford a new one .
opening it , i threw the damn thing as far as it would go .
` ` this thing is huge . ''
the thing was glorious , round and deep with several faucets at the front .
` ` your government could n't do a thing against us . ''
the only thing we had was the letter and that was destroyed .
` ` hey , there is n't even a scratch on the thing . ''
i do n't want to go in that thing again . ''
suddenly the water heaved and a round , shining , black thing like a cannonball came into sight .
they can throw death at a distance with a thing they have made .
they may throw from their thing again . ''
augray fastened the thing on his back and gave the tube over his shoulder into his hand .
he attempted to express his thanks to the sorn and after a moment 's consideration unstrapped his wrist watch and offered it to him ; it was the only thing he had which seemed a suitable present for a sorn .
as for its use , do your people not know except by looking at this thing how much of the day has worn ? ''
a moment later the whole of the thing came into view with a startling jump .
the thing was such sheer bad luck .
i must have left the thing in the train .
after several attempts i read the thing .
since i saw the thing i must obviously have seen it either white or coloured ; but no efforts of my memory can conjure up the faintest image of what that colour was .
and perhaps see a star or two - the only place you could see them , for of course in the day - lands they would never be visible ... . of course if they have a scientific civilisation they may have diving - suits or things like submarines on wheels for going into the night . ''
ransom , how on earth are you going to travel in that thing ?
` ` and i ' m to pack you into that accursed thing ? ''
this thing might have been thirty acres or more in area .
the thing had looked , in that first glance , so like a real country that he had forgotten it was floating - an island if you like , with hills and valleys , but hills and valleys which changed places every minute so that only a cinematograph could make a contour map of it .
when he was able , he got up and set out to search for the thing .
this one showed me that the trees have leaves and the beasts have fur , and said that in your world the men and women also hung beautiful things about them .
we call this thing a mirror .
` ` each thing was made for him .
it hardly looked like the sort of thing that could bring about the end of the world .
they find roots and berries and things . ''
edmund and lucy eagerly bent forward to see what was in peter 's hand - a little , bright thing that gleamed in the firelight .
` ` just the sort of thing that might come in handy in a place like this , '' said edmund .
they were not using the table nor sitting round it : it was too magic a thing for any common use .
the walls of the bridge turned into hedges gay with hawthorn for a moment and then disappeared as the whole thing with a rush and a rumble collapsed into the swirling water .
a third , and lighter , piece of wood was bound across them at the top , uniting them , so that the whole thing looked like a doorway from nowhere into nowhere .
the thing was the size of a mountain , fully as big as the city of alera imperia .
they drew near the gates of the fortifications themselves - massive things that rose forty feet above the level of the plateau .
tavi was impressed by the sheer skill involved in engineering such a thing .
the thing shivered and pulsed oddly - and in the rhythm of a heartbeat .
the sheer mass of the thing made its tip as deadly as any arrow or blade of steel , especially at the speed with which amara had thrown it .
` ` foul thing , '' bernard spat , rising with the broken steel circlet in his hand .
darce shot him a glare but moved anyway , his indolent motion arrogant but still swift enough to avoid the guy using the thing on him .
body and blood singing with adrenaline and the sheer joy of combat , she grabbed the first thing she could reach .
instead of reaching out , the useless thing fell to the side .
she crashed into the mesh - or rather her shoulders and her legs did , but the center of her back hit one of the concrete pillars holding the whole thing in place .
useless piece of shit stalled and it took us a while to get the damn thing going again ... '' hidden in the back of their stolen truck , crammed in between thom and lilly with richards opposite , sanders held his breath as jack 's easy laugh filtered through from the cab .
a slash took out the bolts on the mesh door and then the thing was open , thrown aside by jack .
albert peered at the thing in death 's hand .
` ` funny thing , you can go through your whole life with the bloody thing ticking away or whatever it does , gurgling or whatever , and you never know what the hell it 's actually for .
colon shook the thing again . ` `
i ' ve always felt that he only stays in the octogram for the look of the thing .
well , the building obviously reminded him of the university , but the shape of the whole thing , there was a hint of , it made him think of ... ... breakfast ?
` ` this blasted wire baskety wheely thing , '' said the archchancellor .
` ` what wire baskety wheely thing ? ''
the whole thing was mounted on spiked metal wheels .
it looked vaguely , but not very much , like the sort of thing the maids trundled around loaded with mops and fresh linen and whatever it was maids pushed around .
` ` oh , the poor thing !
a smaller thing flashed into existence by his ear .
` ` i was just loading some peaches into that basket thing when it upped and ran away on me ! ''
the moat came with the job , style of thing .
` ` what 's that round black thing up there ? ''
and i ca n't reach the bloody thing anyway ! ''
anyway , he was already inside the thing .
under the paper , some white silky thing , some sort of a veil , now yellowed and brittle with age .
` ` probably some great white crackling thing .
she had been hard to miss , with that red thing over her hair ; it was as bright as the side of a freshly painted barn .
it was a little over a carat , by far the most expensive thing her husband had ever given her , and until that day the idea that it belonged to her , and she could dispose of it if she wanted to ( and in any way she wanted to ) , had never crossed her mind .
the elements may be classical - the sort of thing one might see in old steel engravings - but the feel is gothic .
she had a paperback in her lap , but she was watching gert kinshaw and a skinny little thing who had come in about ten days before - cynthia something .
only thing makeup looked like was makeup and the only thing a disguise looked like was a disguise .
one of these days he was apt to bite the damned thing right off , bite it off and swallow it .
` ` when you got that done , take off that thing you 're wearing and wrap it around both . ''
with the rock tied in the rag , she wrapped her nightgown ( no longer even close to dry ) around the whole thing , as instructed .
the bull raised its head slightly and she saw it did indeed have only one eye , a filmy blue thing , huge and freakish , above the center of its snout .
( take off that thing you 're wearing .
i ' m not sure i want the damned thing anymore at all , she thought .
his first impulse was to throw the goddam thing away , but he restrained himself .
at least the goddam thing was off his head .
let them take a look at you , make sure he did n't hurt you with that taser thing . ''
not a reason in the world why he should like the fucking thing , but the fact was , he sort of did .
there was a coathook on the back of the damned thing .
after the third time she got tired of the swivelling heads and turned the christing thing off .
mostly it was , but every now and then some woman would decide she really needed some piece of her documentation , that she really needed to use anna 's photocopier ( which warmed up faster than the one downstairs in the rec room ) , that she really needed a stamp , and so this disrespectful person would come in , she 'd track through a place that was n't hers , maybe look at things that were n't hers to look at , junk up the air with the smell of some cheap drugstore perfume ... anna paused with one hand on the study doorknob , looking into the dark room which had been a pantry when she was a little girl .
` ` and do n't dump that thing in the goddam fog . ''
he stood , paralyzed with horror , as his partner raised his hands and beat weakly at the handle of the thing in his throat .
you be glad to get out of that thing you wearin now , i bet . ''
why ca n't i throw this damned thing away ?
she did n't care about the sweater , it was just a cheap orion thing , but she was sorry about the jacket .
suddenly on the edge of the sea he saw a dark thing , and it grew as they flew towards it , until he could see that it was an island .
then the shark bit the only thing it could reach at the moment , which was the shark in front ; and that shark bit the next one ; and so on , until the last of the seven , seeing nothing else to bite - bless me !
` ` i think i have just the thing for you , '' wo said .
the thing is mother and stomach both .
my body is a small thing to give to keep a dear friend alive .
it was nt as if he wanted the bloody thing .
he might wonder how shed acquired such a thing .
the headband that had matched the vest , perfectly , was the last thing dropped by the bed .
with every suck sage pulled on things that should n't have been touchable from a small wound in a finger .
always before it had been a thing that caused me pain to use , a pain so intense it doubled my vision , but not this time .
one second more and it would fall from the tree , ruined ; one second less and it would not be the sweetest thing to ever touch mortal mouth .
the thing spiraled up , gaining altitude .
if he 'd had his hunting rifle , ramon thought , the thing would have been easily in range .
at a guess , the thing might have stood two full meters .
` ` for the love of god , cut this pinche thing off of me ! ''
the thing over there .
` ` the thing , '' ramon said , gesturing toward maneck .
` ` the thing took everything i had .
or a way to make this thing fly !
` ` that thing they put in your neck .
i really do , but this is n't enough for a down payment on the cheapest thing i got . ''
` ` does it lead into aeson 's fortress thing ? ''
the spirit - a gray , haglike thing - recoiled , but then i felt more cold hands behind me and gave a quick glance back .
but the aforementioned muran practically shoved the thing at me .
` ` one more thing '' turned out to be a blindfold .
` ` you poor , poor thing .
it was a glittering tunic type thing that covered the front of me only , then tied behind my neck and once below my shoulder blades , thus letting his fingers stroke bare , exposed skin .
` ` modest is one thing , but jesus ... how high do these things go ?
then , without further hesitation , i took the whole thing into my mouth , letting my tongue roll over it as my lips moved back and forth along the length of the shaft .
that 's why i need this dana thing .
and what do i do with this darting arrowhead thing ? ''
` ` what was the deal with that dart thing ? ''
` ` the thing she impaled him with . ''
you ' ve handled crisis after crisis - and not just the fest thing .
` ` i think ... most of these things usually have holes in the wood , then they include a little tool to put the screws in . ''
` ` this thing 'll never hold books . ''
and most inexplicably of all , the whole thing seemed to lean slightly to the left .
with each new weight addition , i expected collapse , but the thing held .
this thing could blast you to armageddon ! ''
it was the most low - tech thing i 'd seen him use in a while .
was that a crack in the window , and if so , would the whole thing hold when we were airborne ?
it looked perfect , absolutely indistinguishable from the real thing because ... well , it was real .
it was this really fast freak thing that came out of nowhere . ''
` ` mayhap the thing they offered me centuries ago , '' gran said .
it was cold forged iron - the very worst thing you could use on faerie folk .
sholto echoed my thoughts , leaning in close to me and whispering , ` ` you have done a miracle with the chalice and stopped his blood loss , but cold iron is a tricky thing , meredith . ''
the bed was a marvelous thing , but the thought of vines that could move that much curling around me while i slept was n't a completely good thought .
without mistral 's body to block the view , the tentacles looked like some sort of clothing , and they were the only thing he was wearing above the waist .
the sword was not the only thing on the desk .
it was no longer a shining , silver - white thing , but looked like some pale wood , though it was carved with runes and language so old that i could not read it all .
it was a pale thing , but very real .
he drove cel back with whirring swordwork so that his blade moved too fast to follow with the eye , like the blade of some handheld electric thing .
she 'd forgotten she 'd meant to turn the damn thing off a while back , because even though it was after 3:00 a.m. , david kept calling and texting her .
the thing was so old it was damn near petrified .
it was the only thing she knew how to make well .
` ` get him out of this cursed thing this instant . ''
that thing was heavy ! ''
` ` it 's the softest thing i ' ve ever touched besides - ` ` i began , as our eyes met .
besides , putting the bloody thing in the hands of someone magical was putting the fox in charge of the henhouse .
` ` i ' ve never seen the damn thing .
somehow that thing wiped out my inhibitions . ''
but upon her death , she left me that thing around her neck .
as he extracted something from the pocket of his slacks , olivia leaned in to glimpse the glinting thing in the moonlight .
but so far the damn thing is empty .
the thing had been the source of his torture for centuries .
she looked down at the smallish , leather - bound thing in her hands .
this ancient thing was coming to life .
` ` is n't it a little naive , '' said feverstone , ` ` to suppose that being in on a thing involves any distinct knowledge of its official programme ? ''
miss ironwood at her side struck her as a little old woman , shrivelled and pale - a thing you could have blown away .
you 're not getting tired , holding a little bit of a thing like her ? ''
you do n't mean they could really have a thing like that ? ''
` ` i suppose it was- well , the look of the thing .
the point of the arch was not in the centre ; the thing was lopsided .
it was a person ( not the person she had thought ) yet also a thing - a made thing , made to please another and in him to please all others - a thing being made at this very moment , without its choice , in a shape it had never dreamed of .
` ` the pore thing !
sador worked in the outbuildings , to make or mend things of little worth that were needed in the house , for he had some skill in the working of wood ; and turin would fetch him what he lacked , to spare his leg , and sometimes he would carry off secretly some tool or piece of timber that he found unwatched , if he thought his friend might use it .
then a thought came to him , and he summoned turin , and told him that morwen had sent to her son a mighty thing , the heirloom of his fathers .
' almost , ' said turin ; ' but it shall not be so again ' ; and he fell silent , looking far away with the eyes of his thought , until suddenly he caught the gleam of another thing that beleg held in his hand .
` ` now , see reason , betsy , '' said mother slaughter , a tiny old thing , in the huge bonnet and cape that she had worn in life and been buried wearing .
` ` it 's a thing farmers put in fields to scare crows . ''
it 's just a made - up thing , that looks like a person , but it 's not .
it was at least a hundred and fifty years old , a thing of beauty , black leather with brass fittings and a black handle , the kind of bag a victorian doctor or undertaker might have carried , containing every implement that might have been needed .
` ` blow me down , '' said the duke of westminster , scratching his nose ( a little dried - up thing that was mostly nostrils ) .
` ` he was in our back garden breaking things .
i got the wrong bus and i am already so late home ... '' ` ` good lord , you poor thing , '' said the man .
though i still feel the same as i always did , '' bod said , but mother slaughter interrupted , ` ` and i still feels like i done when i was a tiny slip of a thing , making daisy chains in the old pasture .
of course caspian 's ship was not that horrible thing , a galley rowed by slaves .
she was only a little bit of a thing compared with one of our i ships , or even with the cogs , dromonds , carracks and galleons which narnia had owned when lucy and edmund had reigned there under peter as the high king , for nearly all navigation had died out in the reigns of caspian 's ancestors .
it 's madness to come out into the sea in a rotten little thing like this .
and the next thing eustace knew was two agonizing jabs in his hand which made him let go of the tail ; and the next thing after that was that the mouse had picked itself up again as if it were a ball bouncing off the deck , and there it was facing him , and a horrid long , bright , sharp thing like a skewer was waving to and fro within an inch of his stomach .
nobody was looking they were all chattering about their ship as if they actually liked the beastly thing .
the only other thing they found there was a little skin boat , or coracle , on the sands .
at one minute the gilded stern , the blue sea , and the sky , were all in broad daylight : next minute the sea and sky had vanished , the stern lantern - which had been hardly noticeable before - was the only thing to show where the ship ended .
it was a knife of stone , sharp as steel , a cruel - looking , ancient looking thing .
then the black thing suddenly got very much bigger and flicked back to normal size a moment later .
mom gave up on subtlety and yanked the box from my hands , pulling the odd necklace out to examine it in the light.it was the most unique stone i had ever seen ... a dark red quartzy looking thing , the size of half my fist with veins of black running through it.it was beautiful.i 'd never seen anything like it .
' aye , often enough , ' said eriol , ' yet not to the great wars of the earthly kings and mighty nations , which are cruel and bitter , whelming in their ruin all the beauty both of the earth and of those fair things that men fashion with their hands in times of peace -- nay , they spare not sweet women and tender maids , such as thou , veanne melinir , for then are men drunk with wrath and the lust of blood , and melko fares abroad .
now then they covered the leafy boughs whereon he lay with soft raiment , and they bore him away to the halls of the king , and there was tinuviel awaiting them in great distress ; and she fell upon beren 's breast and wept and kissed him , and he awoke and knew her , and after mablung gave him that silmaril , and he lifted it above him gazing at its beauty , ere he said slowly and with pain : ` ` behold , 0 king , i give thee the wondrous jewel thou didst desire , and it is but a little thing found by the wayside , for once methinks thou hadst one beyond thought more beautiful , and she is now mine . ''
there was smithying in secret and forging of good weapons , and even fashioning of some fair things beside , and the women spun once more and wove , and at times was gold quarried privily in places nigh , where it was found , so that deep in those caverns might vessels of beauty be seen in the flame of secret lights , and old songs were faintly sung .
then coming along the river he sate among the reeds at twilight and played upon his thing of shells ; and it was nigh to those places where tuor tarried .
i am not of the road - learned of the noldoli , being a craftsman and maker of things made by hand of wood and of metal , and i joined not the band of escort till late .
in his leisure he pondered ever what manner of lovely thing of gold and jewels he would after fashion for tinwelint , but this was only for the greater ensnaring of the king , for already he began to weave dark plots most deep of avarice and revenge .
now came all that host to the banks of aros , and their array was thus : first a number of unladen dwarves most fully armed , and amidmost the great company of those that bore the treasury of glorund , and many a fair thing beside that they had haled from tinwelint 's halls ; and behind these was naugladur , and he bestrode tinwelint 's horse , and a strange figure did he seem , for the legs of the dwarves are short and crooked , but two dwarves led that horse for it went not willingly and it was laden with spoil .
then wrathfully she asked of beren what it might portend , and wherefore he suffered the accursed thing to touch tinuviel ; and told beren '' all that tale such as huan had told him , in deed or guess , and of the pursuit and fighting at the ford he told also , saying at the end : ` ` nor indeed do i see who , now that lord tinwelint is fared to valinor , should so fittingly wear that jewel of the gods as tinuviel . ''
` ` nor , '' said he , ` ` have i seen ever my tinuviel so fair as now she is , clasped in the loveliness of this thing of gold '' ; but gwendelin said : ` ` yet the silmaril abode in the crown of melko , and that is the work of baleful smiths indeed . ''
but he remembered before she answered ; he had seen barry take the bottles out of the cupboard often enough , so he mixed her a small gin and tonic , which was the only thing he had ever known her drink before dinner .
pretty thing , he thought , though he 'd be wise to ignore that .
` ` she 's a pretty thing .
it was n't like her mother to wear the same thing twice in a row , but hannah was sure those were the same sweats she wore when hannah left to visit pea the night before .
normally she would n't wear the same thing twice when seeing a guy , but he did n't see her lucky star sweater , so she figured it was alright .
plus , you 're wearing that damn thing and with your red hair ... dammit , hannah you do n't see it ?
then , at last , the dollhouse was delivered by two squire boys , who toiled up the three hundred stairs with the heavy , awkward thing spiked to a board between them .
it was the first good thing that had happened to him since these two lads had appeared with the accursed thing .
` ` put a thing under enough of a tug , and it 'll snap , '' yosef said .
` ` this bright thing ... at the end of my dreams , he seems to blow it out .
of more immediate concern was just finding the thing that peter had thrown .
dennis said , trying to push the thing away .
my head is a silly thing , but i ' ve decided i 'd like to keep it on my shoulders a while longer . ''
not far away was his island , of which bilbo knew nothing , and there in his hiding - place he kept a few wretched oddments , and one very beautiful thing , very beautiful , very wonderful .
one invisible ring was a very fine thing , but it was not much good among fourteen .
but among them were several others which had been used for bringing other stuffs , butter , apples , and all sorts of things , to the king 's palace .
faye claimed her side of the room and immediately began taking things out of her suitcase and spreading them around - some candles and perfume bottles , her makeup case , her favorite jewelry .
` ` do n't mess with that thing , '' faye called out to him .
normally cassie would have called adam before showing up at his house first thing in the morning , but she was too anxious to bother with that today .
the chain parted , and he lifted the thing , dripping , into the air .
` ` have that foul gold thing off ye when yer strength comes back a little - put it in the pissoir under the bed .
but first , you must have that horrid thing off him !
` ` take that wretched thing , or you die where you stand . ''
` ` next he 'll stick his thing in her !
it was an old thing , tall and heavy , kite - shaped , made of pine and rimmed with iron .
he 'll be back first thing in the morning . ''
hurin made no answer to the king , but drew forth from beneath his cloak that one thing which he had taken with him out of nargothrond ; and that was no lesser treasure than the nauglamir , the necklace of the dwarves , that was made for finrod felagund long years before by the craftsmen of nogrod and belegost , most famed of all their works in the elder days , and prized by finrod while he lived above all the treasures of nargothrond .
his swordbelt was a cord of boiled leather , and his seamed face might have been made of the same thing .
stick and twist and rip , but get the damned thing out !
a woolen cloak was the last thing he needed in such heat , but when ser eustace draped it about his shoulders , dunk saw the pride on his face , and found himself unable to refuse .
he had half a thought to try and tear the thing apart with his bare hands .
the slithering things rose up from faye 's skin , on her face and neck , up her hands to her elbows .
` ` you need to find a better place to hide that thing , '' he said .
' what are all the fruit salads and leaves and things ? '
now , the only thing i can find in here that will fit you -- ' the door creaked open and a small elderly priest wandered into the room .
' i mean , look at the -- ing thing , will you ? '
i know it 's not zer ... sucking item , but i mean , vun should care about zer look of zer thing they climbed over a rotting fence and entered the shed via the back door .
the pinkness was only one aspect of the thing , but it was so ... pink that it dominated everything else , even the topiary - effect tail with the fluffy knob on the end .
' it 's a newspaper thing , ' said william .
' do n't press a -- ing thing , ' said mr tulip .
but ... it 's a nice day today , the birds is singing , there 's stuff like ... kittens and stuff , and the sun is shining off the snow , bringin ' the promise of spring to come , with flowers , and fresh grass , and more kittens and hot summer days an ' the gentle kiss of the rain and wonderful clean things which you wo n't ever see if you do n't give us what 's in that drawer 'cos you 'll burn like a torch you double - dealing twisty dried - up cheating son of a bitch ! '
' yes , we 're very fortunate when it comes to slices of lemon , ' said the duck man , busily fussing over the tea things .
' get the damn thing off'f me ! '
he reached in the backpack next to him and came up with the last thing , somehow , i expected to see in his hand .
i felt things shift into place .
my body went into spasms of ecstasy over the faux - sugar rush , and it was all i could do not to chug the entire thing in one long gulp .
whoever was driving that thing had an intimate knowledge of being in the thick of things .
i nearly bit my tongue off as the camaro hit a patch of ice , tires broke traction , and the whole thing started going sideways with a vengeance .
david took a bottle out of his coat pocket - a thick , ancient , cloudy thing , sealed thickly with wax and dust .
he 'd nearly popped the cap on that thing back in the forest , when he 'd thought i was the demon .
` ` i ca n't believe you 're keeping me in here with that ... that thing !
i lifted and moved things as best i could , hoping the place would n't look ransacked .
there she is , the wicked thing , '' granby said , handing back the glass and pointing .
` ` john , get this damned thing out , '' he said to granby , struggling to unwind his neckcloth with his good hand .
the child was very big , not a wearish little thing as you might have expected from her mother 's stature , and very fair of skin .
the roof is thatched with rushes and not level but somewhat domed , so that the whole thing is a roundish hump , most like a huge slug lying on the field .
the thing that marred it was a band or scarf of some black stuff tied round the head of the image so as to hide its face - much like my own veil , but that mine was white .
and too old - a little , shabby , crumpled thing , nothing like my great book that i had worked on all day , day after day , while bardia was dying .
i 'd tell them someone had stolen my complaint and slipped this thing into my hand instead .
` ` oh , he has never dug up that antique thing , '' granby said , with disgust , and added , ` ` it is from the tudor age , i think ; all about how to manage a dragon .
` ` for god 's sake let us go first thing in the morning , '' granby said , passionately .
` ` then - ` ` demane said , and she rounded on him , and said , ` ` what business have you , dragging it out for the poor thing and everyone , only to make a show of yourself ?
some of the tunnels further from the water 's edge were in worse repair , disused and half - crumbled ; in other places the concealing mats had dried up and were thin and fragile things that broke when caesar and temeraire pulled upon them .
` ` well , i will try , '' kulingile said , but then he took the second half of the lizard in front of him and threw his head back and swallowed the whole thing at once , so that it traveled down his throat as a distended lump , as much as to say , look how much i have eaten .
temeraire privately felt that it seemed a little unreasonable for a country as small as britain to want to rule an ocean halfway around the world , and to complain if china , which was much larger and nearer anyway , wished to only have some sea - serpents coming by , with splendid things which people wanted to buy .
` ` ares and i found this same thing under cevian 's body .
` ` try this , '' he said to gregor , handing him a slimy thing on a half shell .
the thing had already performed way beyond expectations .
it made every sword he 'd ever held seem like some cheap plastic thing you might wear as part of your halloween costume .
then he placed the cookies back on top of the whole thing .
` ` wait , let me take this thing off . ''
he shoved his hand in the thing 's mouth and found the latch that popped open the shell .
` ` i ' m not wearing a mask , of course , could hardly fight in the thing .
it was a thick slab of stone ; the only thing damaged was his shoulder .
the only thing he could ever decipher was the sos distress signal that they used on ships and stuff to call for help .
for a second , it crossed gregor 's mind that the thing was attached to the bane .
` ` yes , i ' m staying until we crack this thing , '' ripred said .
` ` i cracked that echolocation thing , '' gregor whispered in her ear , and her eyes widened in surprise .
vikus stood calmly with his hands folded before him , but then vikus was n't holding a wiggly two - year - old , and he 'd probably ridden this thing a million times .
if the thing started collapsing he wanted to be able to make it back to the high hall .
` ` how do you get this thing down in the water ? ''
gregor realized it was the first wooden thing he 'd seen in the underland .
the flashlight had been the best thing to bring after all .
it was mostly smoked meat , bread , and those sweet potato things .
it was the first thing he had seen in regalia , the large stone oval where the underlanders played some kind of ball game on bats .
` ` hey , luxa , were n't you going to show me that flip thing again ? ''
this thing would squash him like a fly .
look at the thing ! ''
` ` in one of those places that has old things , '' said lizzie .
every friday , they had a quiz first thing .
` ` you know , i ' ve already got this thing memorized , '' he said .
` ` what 's the deal with this thing ?
what was that thing called ?
watch where you 're swinging that thing ! ''
you going to eat that thing ? ''
' hold the damn thing right ! '
here , give me that thing ! '
she had never been sure , given that she had no idea what sort of thing a boudoir was , what sort of thing you would find in it when you did .
i 'd better remind you , archchancellor , that the thing must n't spend too long outside the cabinet . '
' i did n't do a thing !
' i think i have the very thing , archchancellor , ' said a cheerful but reedy voice behind him .
but i reckon that thing would go down very well on the kiddies ' birthday circuit . '
' well , i suspect people get bored with the same old thing . '
mishima had an arrow through his neck , a wicked , barbed thing .
i think the bearing 's been stripped , and the blasted thing looks ready to roll right off . ''
` ` nynaeve al'meara claims some familiarity with this thing .
i do n't know if there are breaks in the road , or if the whole cursed thing ends in a cliff ! ''
but this was the sort of thing that sisters found to fill the time of novices whom they thought might be lounging about too much .
he 'd been poring over the bloody thing the better half of the morning .
but , then , she did not think this thing was truly a myrddraal .
it was an enormous , sprawling thing , in the shape of an enormous bubble with a smaller camp at its center ; that probably held the aes sedai .
he pulled off his hat - a lopsided brown thing that even mat would have been embarrassed to wear - looking like a child caught poking his finger into the pie before dinner .
bloody thing must have been designed by insane , cross - eyed trollocs and built from the bones of the damned .
i ca n't believe we carted the thing this far . ''
min wished he had left the thing behind .
you can only repair a net so many times before you need to toss the thing aside and weave a new one . ''
` ` i do n't know that i ever deserved the thing anyway . ''
he carried a warrior 's axe in a loop at his belt , a wicked thing with a spike at the back .
i 'd order the thing taken down , but that never seems to work for long . ''
if most people saw this thing in a crowd , they would ignore it .
the medallion was the only thing he knew that could hurt the gholam .
soldiers would be no use against this thing , but the gholam had said before that it had been ordered to avoid too much notice .
he tried to forget about the bloody thing .
the only thing she could think of was the black tower .
too much heat , and the whole bloody thing would boil over !
` ` what do you even think you can do with the thing ? ''
it was made of metal , but the light changed colors as it reflected off the silvery sides , making the thing seem to glow and shift .
the tent before her was a simple gray thing .
what if the thing exploded like a nightflower ?
mat was looking in the thing , right down the tube .
the thing slid forward , and mat 's men lit lanterns .
we ca n't just ride far enough away to escape it ; the thing can be moved .
whatever this thing was , it had been built to resist such attacks .
once a thing shattered , you could n't put it back together .
he still had n't managed to get the thing apart .
pretty thing , that 's for certain . ''
such a useful thing , that ball of emotions caused by the bond .
he nearly tossed the entire thing across the room in frustration .
but ... here 's the thing , perrin .
i thought she had that thing guarded ! ''
i thought it was safe - i had that thing all but bricked up , with fifty guards at the door and the avendesora leaves taken and both put on the outside '' .
it is a ... thing of the maidens .
well this thing that i am , it answers a question for me .
he always carried that thing with him .
` ` you need to put a rope up around this thing '' , egwene said .
` ` that is the thing keeping grady and neald from creating gateways to the black tower '' .
` ` you could put a mans eye out with that thing , and normally i would n't mind , but i ' m running short on eyes these days '' .
` ` you need to board this thing up , selucia '' .
i should never have brought that thing home .
` ` i wo n't be able to grip a thing with my offhand '' , he said , swinging the sword again .
it would not do to break the thing by accident .
its weakness ... so long as you are channeling into that ... thing , anyone can seize control of you .
and yukiri 's weave ... horrible thing '' .
` ` here 's the thing , aes sedai '' , androl said .
it led back down , toward the base of the mountain , and the fiery pit that was the closest thing this world knew to the dark ones dwelling .
she could have moved an entire wing of the caemlyn palace through that thing !
` ` how could you have lost the thing ?
and , i 'll mention , it was me blowing the thing that let you all escape falme '' .
` ` somebody hoist this thing up .
well , it looked like mat was n't tied to the thing any longer .
if i did n't blow that thing , and the shadow did n't do it ... who did ? ''
why would he ever need such a thing ?
nikki glanced at her , got a scowl in return , and turned to her locker , pulling on the first thing that she found , a lime green tank and tap shorts .
i ' m gon na spray this thing if it does n't back off ... '' jax saw the woman 's hand slid into her purse and he stopped , whining softly .
i think that thing was straight up , no mixer .
she and jax had n't had a chance yet to talk about what that thing was .
that ... thing in my closet kind of ruined my appetite . ''
` ` so , the thing in my closet .
` ` so ... the thing .
if a mortal stumbles on that thing while it 's there , it could be a disaster . ''
` ` bec was out with a scouting party tonight and someone came back to say he 's found the thing .
jax stood up , casting one last look over the thing .
too bad they did n't have a twelve - step program for this sort of thing , and some kind of cool little milestone keychain thing .
the worst case i 'd ever seen had been a soap - bubble thin ornamental glass perfume bottle ; it was stored in the wardens association vault in the u.n . building in new york , because that thing would shatter if you so much as gave it a hard look .
i kept it in a very safe place , right in my nightstand drawer next to oils , lotions , and other things i would n't want casual visitors to inventory .
` ` he had this terrible habit ; he 'd do this thing with his tongue- '' okay , that was too much information .
i recognized the tablecloth , which was something of mom 's that she 'd left me - a gigantic crocheted ecru thing , big enough to use as a car cover - but sarah had dressed it up with an accenting silk - tasseled runner , candles , a bowl of fresh flowers floating in water .
yep , lewis had hollowed himself a secret hideout , which was pretty damn cool , but the idea that the whole thing could collapse in on us at any moment did n't exactly make me glow with confidence .
the thing felt damp and dead - animal in my hand .
i yanked a shattered television aside - yes , that was mine ; i remembered it with a lurch of affection because i 'd bought that crappy little thing with my own hard - earned money at a yard sale - and uncovered another dresser drawer .
i cried for a little while , tears soaking into the gauze mask , and then grabbed hold and kicked the damn thing with my hiking boots until it splintered into pieces small enough to drag out of the way .
that 's , like , the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` how low does this thing go ? ''
after that came the picking up of the items already painted and the putting of them into place in the houses of those who had hired us , which i liked because i saw many rooms , and different people , though we always worked with our heads down and our eyes down out of respect , but still i saw things .
` ` it 's not too late to plant a few vines , grapes , cucumbers , and plant some other things .
i 'd seldom seen such a thing .
it became a tiny thing , a speck in the shimmer of the drenching sunlight .
' and every secret thing shall be opened , and every dark place illuminated . '
` ` the real thing , '' he , d said under his breath the moment he , d seen it .
it seemed absurd to slide the tiny brass lock shut ; what a curious little thing it was .
something in the beast , s saliva had traveled into reuben , s bloodstream , just as a virus might travel , sought a pathway to his brain , perhaps , to the mysterious pineal gland , perhaps , or the pituitary gland , that little pea - sized thing we all have in our brain that controls what ?
can you make them turn that thing off ?
i mean , what is the thing going to do next : scrawl a poetic message on a wall in the victim , s blood ? ''
` ` i need to know if the police photographed every single thing in this house when they investigated , i mean did they photograph all the rooms they didn , t disturb .
nina wouldn , t touch a thing .
he took the lantern from her in both his paws , oblivious to the obvious heat of the thing , and set it down on a wooden bench near the wall .
then it was a swollen and bleeding thing , a ruined thing , tangled with blood , and blind .
then it was a swollen and bleeding thing , a ruined thing , tangled with blood , and blind .
why , you can , t discard this thing .
` ` will you change into this thing every night of your life from now on ? ''
that thing , that guardian , marrok , he changed at will , just like that , when he was ready .
the thing flapped open , the hinges behind him , and down he went into the darkness , catching hold of the edge above him with both paws .
why , the floorboards were shaking under the thing .
` ` looks like the real thing to me , '' said the sheriff checking his iphone .
they knew things about our history that astonished us , and they had immense scientific knowledge in areas where more conventional scientists refuse to speculate . ''
i had never seen such a thing .
` ` you 're scared you wo n't love me anymore , that i wo n't be that tender , vulnerable pink thing that you found in this house . ''
they had found a flute there , a little wooden flute , a lovely thing .
` ` do you believe that i actually saw this thing ? ''
time and again , she finished up my papers for me , worked out my little projects for me , got the books i needed from the university library , that kind of thing .
it was a beautiful thing , too big for a buffalo or sheep horn , obviously .
you drive this thing like a race car driver . ''
not that the damned thing works .
if he believed vaughn had the thing , it would only be a question of time before vaughn disclosed its location .
sometimes i wanted to turn the damned thing off .
if i were him , i 'd open the damned thing and find out .
i stared at the thing .
if i took the thing off , there were two outcomes i feared : getting snapped back to the horrific situation i 'd come from , or that removing the cuff would allow king , the future one , to come and find me .
my eyes flashed to a small circular broach stuck to the front of his wrap - skirt thing .
i stared at the thing , amazed by how it had colors of its own now as if the thing had a soul .
yes , i decided to keep the damned thing .
now part of the glass sat askew on the edge of the coaster , and the whole thing looked like it might tip over .
and as i did so , the lights from its display panel flickered wildly , and the whole thing sort of groaned , like something old and dying .
he raised the thing as high as my head , then lowered it down to my feet , all the while calling out numbers that seemed to steadily rise .
and the piano ... i did n't touch a damned thing , i swear to you .
still , i wanted to give the damn thing a tug .
the thing was utterly beautiful .
fake or not , i wondered how the heck that thing got in there .
how he did n't roast to death in that thing i did n't know .
he stepped before arthur , and i found myself studying his black robe , which seemed the blackest thing i had ever seen in my life .
one wore a sort of leather body armor , the kind of thing you 'd find on brad pitt in troy - if brad pitt had been a hulking freak covered with curly body hair .
how the thing missed my head , i do n't know .
the robe began rotating around merlin 's hunched frame , slowly at first , and then faster and faster , until finally the thing seemed to separate at the seams , exploding away from his body in a black vortex of screaming shadows .
my mom could n't afford a bike for me , and i was so envious of that fucking thing it burned me .
besides , it would n't last long since i 'd removed the damned thing .
when no one fired back through the door or threw it open to engage , he started ramming the thing with his shoulder .
she raised a brow , signaling she would n't leave until she watched me put on the damned thing .
volos had n't gotten my call and hastily put all these things in place .
factories churned chemicals into the steel river unchecked - which incidentally is why the damned thing caught fire several times over the years - and into lake erie .
in a low , mean voice , my partner leaned in and said , ` ` the only thing i ' m hiding is my weapon , but that could be changed . ''
` ` that thing have a salt - cannon in it ? ''
but the moon 's erratic energy must have put the thing on the fritz .
right after i punched him for making the fucking thing in the first place .
it was n't like the movies where there were different - colored wires sticking out of the damned thing .
if i 'd been on an ocean , i could have tossed the entire damned thing into the water and interrupted the magic 's ability to activate .
by the time i reached for the handle of the huge wood - and - brass doors , the damned thing felt like a straitjacket .
chapter ten adrian made a fire out of plants , scrub and other things i would n't have thought to use , starting it by rubbing twigs together fast enough to get a spark .
if hounds looked like what would happen if a werewolf mated with a komodo dragon , then this thing looked like the love child of a komodo - werewolf - pterodactyl threesome .
the weapon was across the room under a pile of animal bones , and even if i could reach it , the damn thing did n't work .
` ` that thing is n't ivy . ''
damned thing did n't work anyway , but maybe it would provide enough distraction for adrian to use whatever he 'd brought with him .
` ` no wonder the thing 's supposed to kill me if i use it . ''
but then things fell into place .
then things started to fall into place .
it 's kind of the in thing right now for people to wear . ''
` ` i got the thing open . ''
it was the kind of thing i 'd be embarrassed to wear to bed alone in my own room let alone in some strange house in the middle of nowhere .
halle would collect tiny bottles of hand sanitizer and not just because it was the new thing at school .
` ` zombies will bite right through that thing , '' i said , pointing to his pullover .
i looked to dad , who was signaling frantically for me to come inside , but i knew if we left that thing at the back fence , it would alert others to food , and we would be in real danger , real fast .
` ` this thing , '' she says .
after ed 's first day at the woolworths in coral river ( we furnished half our house with things from there - half on discount , the rest on credit - smells of wool and furniture polish ; so many objects crammed together in memory , jostling for space ) , i gathered handfuls of jacob 's ladder and leaves from the yard - burnt - edged and brittle , like ancient lace - and arranged them in the old stone hearth , which by then had been cold for twenty years .
` ` do n't point that thing at me , minna . ''
there was a wireless set we eventually moved into the cellar , to make room for our television , and a faded rug we replaced , when ed retired , with nubby gray wall - to - wall carpeting : the newest thing .
i took the damn thing .
it was the same thing she 'd been wearing last night , and trenton wondered whether she 'd been to sleep yet .
the thing felt like it was made of molten lead .
but something - the structure , the wiring , the invisible mechanism that kept the whole thing standing - remained invisible , suggested only by the fact of its existing at all .
oh you sweet , sweet thing , said one of the other girls , nobody said anything about marrying any of these fellas !
the extras screamed and shrieked as they fell about the bar , pretending the whole thing was being ripped apart .
get this damn thing out of my way !
wilkerson had scrawled see me over the whole thing .
its the only hockable thing any of us have .
that thing might go off and you 'd shoot yourself by accident .
you do nt know how vulgar you look with that infernal thing hanging out of your mouth .
michael , can you please get that thing away from me .
the sheets lay on the floor in a puddle and he felt guilty that someone , most likely sally , poor thing , was going to have a lot of extra laundry to do .
he did nt think robin would ever let that thing go .
she s a pretty thing .
the rose and the book were the most precious things eadie could have given me ; and we kissed and i loved her for it .
and he drew a deadly looking knife for his own left hand ; it was too long for a dagger , too heavy for a throwing knife , a vicious thing for our encounter .
it was a plain thing for such massive weight and i thought it must be full , though full with what i could nt guess .
the things edward found at stafford were still there , excepting only the cup , and besides these were family jewels , the marbles , the bible and the rose eadie had given him that christmas and , on top of all these , was poor little abigails shoe .
ill leave first thing in the morning .
shannon , go put the tape thing on .
instead , dr . catel had gone alone to grden , leaving word for him to be in his office the first thing in the morning .
his eyes had been quick to follow her outline in the crisp white uniform she was wearing , which to him seemed the only thing clean and sanitized in the hospital .
the damn thing is too dirty and smelly to take , she said , tossing the quilt back onto the bed , though it could help keep them warm in the nights ahead .
since it is late in the day why do nt we all get a good nights sleep and leave first thing in the morning .
yes , i remember that old thing .
jehanne is the furthest thing from being a witch than anyone can be , pierre says with a great deal of anger .
` ` probably a reflection , '' he said to himself , thus he cleaned the lenses and checked again - same thing .
` ` that thing is perhaps even more fabulous than the bronze horses !
suddenly , she brightened , bursting forth with , oh my god , its a circle - drawing thing , una bussola .
are you dry under that thing ?
and where did you find this dratted thing ?
` ` i 'll bet your papa played with that thing when he was just a little boy ! ''
` ` any harder and i 'll break the damned thing . ''
climb up on audlett 's shoulders and hand me the damn thing , would you ? ''
his hand tightened around it , and for one long , awful moment juliet thought he was going to hurl the thing across the room to send it clink , clink , clinking beyond the far pews .
perry had caught it two days before , and it was the height of summer , so you can imagine how the thing stank .
maybe they need that sort of thing to brace up for a fight .
` ` i do n't owe you a damned thing , snelling .
he shook the thing in woodford 's face .
sweet thing .
they draw wonderful colorful letters on it and bind it up in a thing called a codex .
what 's in that leather thing ? ''
nick made a mental note to visit madame rousseau first thing in the morning .
just as long as bread is the only thing you and george see fit to break , she admonished .
i ca nt imagine how she managed to walk around all day with such a huge thing on her head .
` ` catherine made it for me and ' t is the only thing i possess that has not come for you or nick . ''
we no sooner got the last of them out and pulled miss sarah free when lightning struck and the whole thing went up in flames . ''
she knew what was growing out of heras mouth hebe had touched the same thing before , in the garden in the palaces courtyard .
persephone had never seen such a thing before , not in all of her trips into the underworld .
she wondered out loud , that thing , it moves ?
not a great white one , but the only thing desperate farmers have to cling on to .
a small hedge offered scant cover , but it was the first thing they had seen to hide behind , so they did .
when you climb on the wing you have to be careful where you stand , the thing is so flimsy , if you wore heels they could go through the metal , bullets would have no problem , and these things are full of high octane petrol .
when you climb on the wing you have to be careful where you stand , the thing is so flimsy , if you wore heels they could go through the metal , bullets would have no problem , and these things are full of high octane petrol .
handsome young fellow like ravenwoodjust the thing to catch a young girls fancy , would nt you say ?
the thing seemed incredible .
it was the first pretty thing of her own she had had in some time .
you young girls today are far too inclined , in my opinion , to rush out and buy something new the moment a thing wears out .
odd thing about his snuff box , thoughhavent seen a sign of the thing .
you do nt suppose you could use some heavenly magic to make me fit into this thing ?
i wonder if breidablik has so many golden chandeliers there is no such thing , raoul cut in , his voice tight and almost angry .
a godlike figure such as raoul , with his millions of francs and title of nobility , would never demean himself by marrying a thing like her .
besides , she ca nt bring herself to sell itits the only thing she has that belonged to her late mother .
how could anyone be expected to read the entire thing ?
why , the only right thing in the whole sculpture is the giants head !
rivke took off her wedding ringthe only thing of any value they had left -- and put it on her daughters finger .
the work camp was the closest thing anyone might have to a vacation .
` ` i tell you this is the very thing every man here 'll need if he 's to sleep nights . ''
` ` so get yourself out of this thing and let 's try the water . ''
just the thing for a song .
the crowd had jeered and thrown things , thrown fruit and garbage and abuse to do with animals .
she kept this thing hid for all this time !
` ` oh , miranda , the duke 's coach is just the thing .
juliet scolded , ` ` kate , you clumsy thing , if you had been sitting still like a true lady , that would not have happened . ''
it was the same thing he had seen late in yesterdays round .
she probably looked like an idiot holding the thing before her .
so why would he wish for such a thing ?
you want to light the whole thing on fire , man ?
it looked like the real thing .
the old studios that used to be in hollywood had oak trees in their back lots and i was able to reach out and get things that way .
thomas seated himself in a large directors foldout chair , the thing creaking under his weight and angelina thought it would collapse at any moment .
i did nt ask for this thing !
i am not proud to have this thing and want nothing to remember it by .
you get the feeling of that hard thing you slammed your hand down on ?
you re beautiful first thing in the morning , he said quietly as if picking up her thoughts .
i ve never seen such things , she murmured , dropping the thin muslin curtain back in place , and allan saw the fear plainly on her face .
she s a nice enough little thing , but ditchwater dull .
seems like a body ca nt help but be happy if she s got good , rich soil to root around in and make things grow from .
i went to my aunts room first thing this morning and told her my theory about who had stolen her pearls .
i m planning to travel to him at onceill have to leave pemberley first thing tomorrow morning .
you poor poor thing .
priscilla and charles came back laden down with the many things they 'd bought ; and in one of the bags , daisy could make out baby clothes and blankets .
daisy laughed and took her daughter upstairs to their room , where she gave her the real thing .
the poor old thing 's looking a bit dilapidated , peter smiled sadly .
how about i ask cook to put together some sandwiches and things and we have a picnic out in the gardens ?
evie had never seen such a thing .
and it was only when tommy said ; why do nt you put that thing down tony ?
she was the nearest thing peter had to a widow - no matter what rebecca stansfield thought - and she wanted to look as though she was grieving .
trevors mini was the real thing , the original kind ; so original , in fact , and in such good shape , that he had given more than a fleeting thought to joining one of those original mini clubs that had sprung up like mushrooms round london , especially now that the new , and not original minis had begun to appear .
or that he s actually going to build the damn thing .
instead of our walk i brought him to my office and offered him my visitors chairit is a monster of an armchair , built for giants i think , and colin apparently agreed , he looked at it for quite some time , then looked up at me , a question on his face , as if he wanted to make sure that i intended for him to actually sit in that , that thing .
well , the thing was crafted here in philadelphia before he left , mainly by alexander hamilton and george washington .
but in a uniform , so long as it is gaudy , as i mentioned earlier you can wear the same thing every day and everyone thinks you a grand fellow !
i was a little annoyed that she was abusing my generosity by requesting so many cigarettes , but the poor thing seemed so genuinely scared that i could nt really dislike her .
i know , i was laying it on extra - thick , but the poor thing was just starved for male attention and could nt see past my blatant flattery .
inside was a cupcake that ma bichette had festooned with multicolored icing and candied flowers and sparkly sugar crystals and all manner of girly things to the extent that it looked like what a unicorn might cough up if it was a heavy smoker .
for an emergency or to pay off a publican , that sort of thing .
- - - - - - by god , this thing were built to last !
of course she was a pretty little thing .
you will be leaving for liverpool first thing in the morning .
just the thing for a sweetheart , said the shopkeeper with a smirk .
anyway , i have been informed that this diving suit thing is arriving soon , then the sluice can be opened and this unexpected lake will quickly disappear .
the other men turned these wheels on the box thing round and round .
you will pack your bags and leave this house first thing in the morning .
you must be ready for the carrier first thing in the morning .
i can see under all them rags and dirt youm a pretty little thing .
maybe if i knew that , i could paint the goddamned thing .
big boulder sitting out by itself between the two claims , called for its color an being the biggest thing around , i reckon .
the rifle , a winchester repeater he d bought from bounty paid for bringing in the murderer of a deputy sheriff in rapid city , was the only new thing he ever recalled buying and all he felt pride of ownership toward .
well , maam , one thing never told when they pin on a badge is there s no real retiring unless the government wants it so .
she s got this big , black , scabby lip thing on the other side of her mouth .
she s hungry , poor thing .
the opening of the indent in the rocks was wet from the waterfalls spray and the whole thing offered little more than cover for our backs , but i checked for residents and we crawled in .
we have to make sure he shows us to the road first thing in the morning .
extra bamboo formed raised edges all the way round and when the breeze eased the whole thing felt more sturdy .
he liked to whittle and make things out of wood .
she does nt need this thing in this heat .
to lose herself in her work , i guess , that sort of thing .
though i d appreciate it if the mps or someone could get a babys bottle , if there s such a thing around here , before i get her onto the plane .
ca n't do a damn thing with the action .
she gets up , gathers her things , gives him a peck - kiss on the cheek , and leaves as if this was a staid , timeworn , daily routine .
dammit - dammit she 'd locked the bloody thing .
i know it 's no excuse , but it was all too much , but the demon ; i saw the bloody thing .
she sounded as excited as always , and promised to be over first thing in the morning to give me a tour of new orleans .
i sure do n't want some guy reminding of sophie by running his hands over my body and sticking his thing inside me .
rita thought , ` ` without work to occupy most of my waking hours there is n't much to do with only a limited quantity of places to go and things to see .
when the map is completed he can begin laying out house locations , roads and that sort of thing .
gus and i looked at the same thing you did and saw nothin ' but boulders and sage brush .
chapter 6 huguenot history elise called me again first thing the next morning .
chapter eight huguenot history - badly told i called elise first thing the next morning .
he had it all tied up in a neat package , warned me once more time how hot the wool would be , and asked me to get it back first thing monday morning .
we met people from all over the world who wanted to see this thing .
at this point we got out of the car and walked up to the front door with elise looking around at all the places that were familiar to her , looking for things that might have changed .
fish would be just the thing !
you said she was a little bird of a thing .
she also brought along bacon , coffee , a skillet and some other things they might want if they camped a few nights .
the poor thing could hardly eat for the longest time , her heart was so sick .
charlton had the idea to build the new baby a piece of furniture , and decided a cedar chest would be just the thing : useful now to keep the babys clothes and bedding , and useful later , too .
well start first thing tomorrow , ask around the hotels and the train depots .
why , they d have had to lop off his head and his legs to get him in the thing .
keep quiet and do nt do a thing to help them , mrs . whalen continued .
christ , how many times did he stand there with me while i sharpened the thing ?
you re the prettiest thing ill ever see , dan said .
still a pretty little thing .
thumbs yelled as he put that offensive little thing away .
i had never loaded that thing !
i had no idea how to work the thing , but i suppose one just turn it around and around so the meat does nt get it charred .
are you sure you know how to work this thing !
things were falling into place .
` ` this old thing , '' she said with a crinkle of her nose .
` ` i never liked that thing . ''
satisfied with their reconnoitering , they decided to get started first thing in the morning and returned to the camp .
the eastern side of the valley was blessed to have a good - sized lake that pulled the whole thing together in a manner that must have made the lord proud enough to nearly bust his buttons once he had finished creating it .
i could nt even eat the poor thing after that .
good , i think , as i eat the whole thing in three bites .
i think that you and your new rifle might be just the thing to provide that spark .
why has he built this great , smelly wooden thing that seems almost an animal itself ?
and for goodness sake , put that thing back in the kitchen !
that thing has nt gotten any use left and we ve already talked about it !
if we do hit something solid , this thing will buckle , daniel turned to her as though asking her opinion of what to do before it happened .
where there s fools gold , there s bound to be the real thing close by , added daniel .
she just looked like she needed it .. , if a person really needs such a thing , he added .
its the only thing left standing and i m amazed that it has nt even been touched by the blast .
in from new york , spent last night outside the submarine nets and then sailed in first thing this morning .
do nt bring that thing in here !
the thing , the mound , the pile , the small mountain far , far , far down this sheer rock face washe had to force himself to trust his eyeswhat was down there was bones .
it was the only thing that his mother had given to him , the only symbol of kindness shown in the months they had been at tara .
after dinner he vowed to walk the plantation first thing in the morning and oversee all the improvements .
he figured to get a good rest tonight , and start first thing in the morning .
such things were not necessary in the country where they did nt see people , and were considered luxuries which could not be afforded .
is there something you needed , or are you just toying with me , you handsome thing ?
sister mia shrugged ; poor thing , she s had a vision .
would n't you like to have one like that instead of your little thing , hippias ? ''
the little town served as the only place to buy things for at least twenty miles around .
there were always things around the farm that were broken or in need of repair , so hardware was the first stop joe always made in the general store .
the only thing not sold was firearms , but that was because the gunsmith in town handled that business .
after he had finished buying the things needed for the farm , and picking up some supplies , he told tom to wait in the wagon while he talked to some of the men about the rumors he had been hearing .
how well does this thing shoot sheriff ?
he might not be able to buy them all the things he would like for them to have , but he could at least provide a decent place for them to live , and good food to put on the table .
it only took joe a little while to buy the things he needed for the farm .
everyone around knows you re a dead shot with thing .
my pa started teaching me as soon as i could hold the thing .
he had spent about an hour walking around the farm looking at things when becky called for him to come and eat .
boy , that thing is a lot of work by yourself .
there were a few things that were needed on the farm , and he purchased all that was on the list .
looks like this thing is going to last for a spell .
you bet pa . ill practice as much as i can with this thing .
that thing will blow a hole you could stick your fist in .
you be careful with that thing son .
ill bet you shoot that thing as well as the man i got it from .
this thing must have cost a fortune .
there was only one thing he could think of he would need , and that was a horse .
we can hold up here for the night and head out first thing in the morning , or we can head out now .
under the metal frame of the bed he stowed his satchel bag and faithful cardboard case , the same one that he had carried with him at the railway station in derby ( he had grown quite attached to the battered old thing and felt that it needed to make the whole journey with him , wherever that might ultimately end up ) .
when you ' ve finished with that kite , i want you to double check the engine on my seafire the bloody thing stalled , last time out , and i do n't want it to happen again !
if ye did not make so much good sense , i should ring a peal over yer head , fer ye must know all the gentlemen long to see ye , though i wish a thousand times ye had not worn that ragged looking thing .
dare you cut me with that thing as i go ?
adrian , we are not going to try to take that cursed thing back across are we ?
do you remember or recognize the place where we took this thing from ?
an old desk was one thing , but old computers often ate up more time than they saved .
he ordered the same thing as tatum , except his shake was chocolate .
` ` everybody stay put while i check that thing .
sammy did that thing smoke when you bounced it out of the ground ? ''
we looked all over for that thing and nobody saw him hiding that close to the truck .
that thing is n't a small mortar round .
anyway brad , why do n't you park that thing and head for the barn .
you know lizzie , i have spent my life working with the plants of the earth , using those things that nature has been kind enough to give us , to help us if we only open our eyes and know where to look .
a tiny little wisp of a thing , maggie would say , likely to blow away if the breeze were too strong .
that is the only way , for ill not take a thing from a woman who called me a witch .
he entered , moved behind her and pulled the chair backward , a heavy thing with bronze arms and legs .
he showed him a mop - looking thing .
he held up a cylindrical shaped black thing .
he wore a button - up sweater , unbuttoned , the green thing hanging limp on each side , draping over his gray slacks , a belt around his middle , just below his chest , held together with a huge belt buckle , with nascar engraved on it .
my dad lets me run on that board thing up there .
if that s all for now , ill leave you and the children to settle in and come back first thing in the morning .
can you get this bloody thing off ?
in the end there was only one thing for it , she said .
ill pick the children up first thing .
ill be in first thing , he told the others .
its a good thing you re such a little bitty thing , nannie .
i bet i m a pretty thing to look at .
` ` if it came to a scrap , i do n't know how much use i would be to you with this thing . ''
` ` i figured on tradin ' this thing somewhere for a rifle first chance i got . ''
` ` now you put that thing in its holster an ' do n't take it out again unless i tell you to ! ''
he grabbed up the first thing available , sam 's milking stool , and swung it at janson .
once annes things were brought to her room , she sat on the bed staring at her trunk .
i teased him she would never have use for such a thing , and it was a waste .
how had the good sister obtained such a thing ?
such a beautiful thing .
madame duguay makes eye contact with me and nods with understanding as she returns to the counter with a thing of cream in her hand .
josh beat the rugs outside with this long stick thing that looks like a badminton racket .
that metal thing .
oh , you poor thing !
here , he says , setting his backpack to the side and taking hold of the rock , help me move this thing .
i just do nt feel like moving this stupid thing .
oh , you poor thing , says madame duguay , clicking her tongue as she gets up from the table and goes to get me the kleenex box from on top of the fridge .
all i know is that he had this strange thing that looked like a window , but i could see my father in it .
daniel told me that it will be the most beautiful thing that anyone has ever seen .
she thought about places to stash her things until she needed them , but came up with only one place to do so .
what the hell is in that thing ?
well , ai nt you a fine lookin thing , he said .
please take my things to their residence and place them where you are directed .
` ` every time you fired that thing , it sounded like somebody was tryin ' to blow the side of the mountain up . ''
` ` you can point that thing at me all day if you want to , mister , '' ridge said , ` ` but if i 'd wanted to drop you , i 'd have done it while i was still up there on that rock .
security was tight here because this was the closest thing to a bank in town and reynolds wanted to discourage anybody who might have the idea of helping himself to the gold that was stored there . ` `
damnedest thing i ever seen . ''
its the most sensible thing you could wear .
we have the same food every night for supper , and we have the same thing for breakfast in the morning , too .
this is the only thing i ever learned how to cook .
then he would go see that pretty little thing who waited tables at the colorado house , hoping that she could be persuaded to spend the rest of the evening with him after she got off work .
the doc told me i should keep this arm in a sling for a week , but i jus ' could n't stand that blamed thing hanging down there , pullin ' my head over like a hangdog pup .
abozi snatched the bracelet from roda , saying impatiently , ' we 'll take the damn thing to sharma . '
i wish i 'd never seen the damned thing . '
the only thing he has of value - his grandfather thomas gold pocket watch , but he can not see himself burying it in the dirt of pennsylvania .
see here , sam said pointing to a place on the map , this here is what s called twin peaks , i think , and this thing here has got to be chimney rock .
responding back , father , these things holding the bells are large metal bars , they are not made of wood .
i think roughly five hundred thousand dollars will be enough for you all to buy that yo - yo gadget and the hoop de do thing , and the dolls , balls , dresses and clothes and ... and ... anything else your little hearts desire .
luke , nate and i are saddling up first thing in the morning .
the head had hung on a spike on a telegraph pole at the edge of town for some time , but finally the local methodist congregation took a vote one sunday morning and persuaded bass to let them take the rotting thing down and bury it at last .
` ` i jus ' do n't pin the damn thing on too often .
there 's still some mighty big problems with this thing . ''
there was no telling how long this thing might last , and they would need every round they had if the fighting became close - in .
i was just glad to have the thing off my desk .
the thing hung about eye level and threatened to give me a headache in no time .
do nt touch that damn thing .
about the only thing i had exposed beneath my face shield was my mouth , and i kept that closed to keep my tonsils from solidifying .
ill call first thing in the morning .
then i sat back and took another thing i had bought and that was this thing you blew into called a harmonica .
then i sat back and took another thing i had bought and that was this thing you blew into called a harmonica .
first thing at sunup , delancey replied .
the upper car descended past us on the way down and it truly was a unique experience riding this thing .
erica was sipping tea and i was sitting , reading a thing they called a magazine , with all sorts of information .
the damn thing squeaks horribly , like a cat being murdered when its extended .
he threw some ammo into the hopper and yelled , fire the damn thing already !
during the waiting , he had fashioned himself a new spear with the only thing he had left of his former possessions , his knife .
it was a god - awful mess , and gus had to defuse the rusty thing while holding his breath the whole time .
well look , smiley said leering , as he held the thing for them to see .
its wartime coffee , not the real thing , but it has a kick to it .
that thing that hangs down between your legs .
you poor thing , suzie said in sympathy .
maybe that was the thing to do , burn the old things to make room for the new .
` ` regardless of your feelings , my lady , we must be on our way first thing in the morning '' rosalind placed her hands on her hips and turned her head back towards the house letting out a puff of air .
you re positive there s no such thing ?
otherwise , there was nt any way we could pay for such an extravagant thing .
its unforgivable except that i m sorryvery sorry that i did nt finish throwing the thing in the river the day you found me there .
are you sure you want to look at this thing ?
if is wisnae for me still keepin ma mooth shut if ah wis tae tell the world whit ah ken there s wan thing sure if ah wis tae spill the beans tae yer guid man jack and aw the rest o the folk roon aboot , yed damn sure be drummed oot o aw yon fancy flower - arrangin and ither such ladylike falderals .
only efter the wan thing .
if it had nt come to you from your aunt meg the damned thing would have been in the dustbin not minutes after it arrived here .
` ` mrs . ellsworth is home with a migraine , poor thing - however , our most accomplished daughter , meg , is sitting outside on the porch .
` ` you did n't lug this thing here all by yourself in the pouring rain , did you ? ''
` ` i told her she 'd only be sweeping the ceilings with the silly thing .
` ` the only cold thing in the south is my would - be mother - in - law 's heart , '' she concluded to her fellow spectators shivering upon the logs .
` ` she 's a nasty lil ' thing .
the lead ammunition was heavier than a glass marble , but it was the only thing handy that was roughly the same size and shape .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' he muttered under his breath , shaking his head as he walked out onto the deck of the sultana .
john jumped up and followed the captain back to the banana tree where they had left their things .
assuming french workers ever actually showed up and got some things installed between coffee breaks , i would have time to review and replace what was necessary .
my stroller took up extra room as i carried it , and i considered taking the child from it , but where would i do it , and what would i do with the damn thing once i had the kid out of it ?
with that , jacques laid down on his cardboard to get some rest , while i pulled some paper out of my backpack ( who had packed this thing so well ?
green means we have gone back and repaired any damage that might have been caused by the flood -- breaks in the asphalt , that sort of thing .
not that big noisy thing !
and , of course , i 'd put this thing somewhere out of sight , '' he added , patting the gun on his hip .
` ` take this thing off , cole , '' she told him huskily .
` ` it 's so dark in here i almost fell in the damned thing before i realized it was there .
` ` can this thing make it out of the harbor ? ''
his folks sent him in to town one saturday with a load of vegetables to sell , and he was still selling things eighteen years later .
before you crumble to dust on the shelf , you poor old thing .
when he helped us , that time the roof fell in , he got the whole thing fixed in less than a day .
i need you to help me do that by first putting this silly thing away , then helping me look for something that really will cure her .
it was as if she knew her father could not come and somehow the thing he had made for her birthday would have to take his place .
the man made an obscene cackle , like a feigned amusement , well , is nt she a sweet little thing to ask for help through you , she really should have come to ask me herself .
even soho had the task of checking the grounds last thing at night to ensure everyones safety before they went to sleep - although troupe members were bemused as to how , should something nasty happen , the little silent fellow would raise the alarm .
otherwise , you never get the thing off the ground .
and the little old lady , added shakespeare , tears streaming down his face , the poor old thing ohhh , dear my balls nearly killed her !
and what was she doing , this pretty little thing from the north ?
oh , poor thing , said budsby , the sympathetic tone reeking with falseness .
i dragged my trunk up from my little cabin , and i put my things in the drawers under my bunk .
the following saturday dillon rode his horse to town to visit with some of his buddies and practice with the band and buy some things for the farm at the general store .
she loves to work in the garden and make things grow .
i think that carriage would be just the thing .
there were benches placed against the walls and at one end was a table loaded with fruits and dried meats and fish along with things that many of them had never tasted before .
it could only be one of the men on the team , surely ; only they knew how the whole thing fitted together , only one of the carpenters or labourers would have known exactly how to achieve the maximum possible damage for the least effort .
the scabbard was a poor thing , shaving - thin slips of bronze each side of the wooden body ; but the little horse was a lovely thing , its neck arched proudly and its mane standing stiffly up , as if it were about to buck and leap in the air .
the only thing he had n't brought was riding boots , since he could n't have guessed the right size ; aranthur had to ride in his ordinary shoes .
` ` i ' m just a thing to him , like a horse , or a krater , or a house , just a thing he can make use of .
he knew what they were meant to sound like as a child he 'd been told so many times what each bird said , the one that cried ' teacher , teacher ' , the one that said ' soup with a spider and a fly in it please ' , or the one that senselessly repeated ' few , few , few ' yet when he listened to the real thing , he heard just noise .
he shoved the thing he 'd been holding at egerius .
in all the histories , of course , there 'd be a hiding place known only to the initiates , of which he would have secret knowledge and in which he could conceal himself ; but no such thing existed in tinia 's shrine , or if it did , he had never heard of it .
but tanaquil thought her fires were flimsy things , compared with the fire she 'd seen surrounding servius , blazing like a pine forest fire when the resin starts to burn inside the cracking trees .
` ` well the bloody thing ca n't belong to everybody .
queen of rome ; another spoiled thing , to be a rapist 's queen .
she heard how this or that thing was given by a trader from tarchna , by a noble of clevsin , the women charioteers of felsina , a zilath of spina .
he looked at the old woman with irritation and said , ` ` either shoot me or put that thing down .
she held up a small , curled , brown - and - red thing for him to see .
one nearby north - man said , ` ` i think she wants that thing '' -- gesturing at the holy book .
one of the other buildings had been full of odd items made of thin sheets of beast - skin , decorated and stitched together in piles ; a captive had explained that these odd - looking things recorded facts ( like norse runes carved in wood or bone ) and were called ` ` books '' .
he had used the finest metals and ores and taken the greatest of care in its creation ; forging a weapon of dark - coloured steel with highlights of bright gold and bronze on its guard and grip , which made it a thing of beauty .
he has been in enough battles to have picked up a thing or two , i mused .
kathleen had a solution to that as well , saying she had just the thing for her to wear .
instead , between the two windows , there stood a large oil painting that so accurately reproduced a table and leaning canvases that she had mistaken them for the real thing .
first thing in the morning , kathleen can bring the key back and get your things .
do nt wave the dern thing round till i ve secured it .
thus after a journey of thirteen days we arrived in the great metropolis of the united states ; which , by - the - by , with the exception of the pennsylvania avenue , more resembles the methodist slough of despond ( read pilgrims progress ) than any thing like a decent city .
why , its just the beatenest thing .
i hope my hungry belly does nt trigger the bloody thing .
but i really have to leave first thing in the morning .
the only other thing in the cave besides the mat and pillow was a locked trunk in the corner .
the thing she it , whatever held was a sword with two small prongs on either side , which was thrown over the shoulder with a strap .
you are a clever thing .
he managed to grip the ear at its base and this time ripped the whole thing off .
it was a roughly made little little thing , but it helped further to steady my mind .
oh , i know he said they d taken some of his farm things , his cart or waggon , i think he said .
the only thing we could find to write with was a lead pencil i had , and with that , after he had enquired my name , he wrote : to whom it may concern , be it known that the bearer , mr micah judd , apothecary , hath done good work for one of my wounded men , and should be allowed to pass freely .
amazing that such a soft thing can be surrounded by so much prickly beard , he murmured .
how are you going to get close enough to the castle to use this thing ?
were not going to get this thing in unless the horses pull it in , longsword answered .
you go on and take that thing down to the river .
ai nt funny , you hauling that thing round in this house .
oh such a pretty little thing .
rose could not make herself touch the thing .
cried bjourn , ' someone find this rooster two more shields and a real sword , instead of that tiny thing he carries .
well go first thing in the morning , if you d like .
can not hold this thing all day .
toby would already have that thing going zero to sixty .
he thought having the thing should give him more comfort than it did .
his hands were actually holding the thing back .
experimentally , hank tried gripping the thing with his hands and found it quite easy to do .
he wondered how long the affects of the blood would last as he crept around the still standing aisles looking for the thing .
then he reached down and picked up the metal shelving from the thing and pushed it forward so it fell down on its other side with a loud crash .
then the thing came to a stop and tipped downward like a huge teeter totter .
the thing smelled of mold and something else much more vile .
how does this silly thing work ?
its not even a security thing anymore , really .
no , no , my mother wants the bath soaps and i do nt want your mother thinking we gave her the same thing just to get everything done and over with , grace disagreed as casey and james came charging down the stairs .
now , top that thing up .
evil , dead things lurking all over the place , wanting to catch things and people on fire .
damn , i forgot to turn the damn thing on .
god yes , strongest thing you can find , ann paused and grinned .
when the waiter came back with her next drink , she threw the whole thing back again .
i know , i know , and if i had nt seen that talon thing grow out of her arm , i would nt believe it either .
did you guys see that thing ?
the tongue - like thing disappeared back into her mouth .
he was going need to tie that thing on .
that thing will light up the city .
she had not grown the large tentacle - like thing that the demons seemed to use to feed .
are nt you a cute thing ?
are nt you a pretty little thing ?
actually , i was so mad i grabbed the first thing i found an old pencil stub and wrote underneath , in capital letters : did nt ask for your opinion .
it had seemed the coolest thing to wear in the heavy heat .
giving the wrong answer would be the final spark to his tinder , the thing to ignite his temper .
the last memento of her old life , the only thing her mother had ever given her , and as much as she wanted to hate the woman , serenity found it impossible to let go of the past .
someone had to paint the thing , he marveled .
in a growing city , locating the perfect thing to contain them was easy .
if you think you might find something on the computer to give you some idea of where he might be , please , take the damn thing .
her fingers traced the metal of the ladder , searching for the one thing she prayed would bring everything togethersomething sharp enough to do the job .
though i saw the thing i could not fix my mind on what it was .
luke leaned over and pulled the thing out from under him .
` ` why do you always wear this clunky thing ? ''
now that he knew he had to go through it , the thing looked even larger and more intimidating than when he first saw it , and the waves of stench from the garlic nearly blinded him .
there was no way he was going to go in that thing and not end up injured .
he was going to die in that thing .
all one has to do is breathe to realize just what this thing was capable of .
the pure size , power and weight of the thing would have made an excellent vehicle to drive in .
allan buried don next to the fresh graves of the rest of his family while i brought our things in and set up our new place .
his first attempt to grab the crazed thing failed , as the woman was by now completely hysterical and weaving around the lot .
they collided , but her rescuer managed to get a grip on the thing .
the thing landed no more than a foot away from a burly guy who had just gotten off of a honda motorcycle .
the third strand was a very specific thing that targeted the nervous system for some reason , but they had no real idea how it was supposed to help the parasite or what it specifically was meant to do .
that damn thing tore a big chunk out of my shoulder .
who knew the largest man would be this skinny thing from the slave days .
i opened the latch on the glove box and slid out the shiny black thing .
that thing is bad news .
can you tell me what in the blue fuck that thing was ?
what do you call this thing anyway ?
hey , it could just be the thing that removes the tampon from your vampire panties .
i pictured her face , not the one i had seen from a distance , but a different one , a drawn , wrinkled thing with a mouthful of teeth that would rip and tear , yellow eyes with red pupils , flaring nostrils and wild hair that stuck out in grey , twisted tangles .
not since they built the thing on his 11th birthday .
ill see you first thing in the morning , she blew him a kiss as she rushed out the door .
in less than a minute , he had emptied the entire thing down his throat .
that thing was a vampire ?
that thing was n't a man jake , and he sure as hell was nt your daddys friend .
tell him i m on a lead and ill call him first thing in the morning .
well hit them first thing in the morning .
he glanced around the room frantically searching for any source of light , but it was pitch black , he could n't see a thing .
someone get this damn thing off me !
get this damn thing off me would you ?
he would have just unplugged the thing entirely but the wheels seemed to automatically lock down when not powered .
last time i waited too long and the damn thing started wailing .
if she can last , being this ... thing , for another couple years , well turn her .
as she looked through a barrage of charred trees , a mile down , she saw that another cabin had been burned to the ground ; the only thing left was its cement foundation .
she smirked as she looked down and saw how the skin had nearly , entirely , been ripped away from the skulls : her hand was the only thing keeping the heads together .
his muscular body was the closest thing lily had ever seen to human perfection .
one thing , however , separated this room from any waiting room lily had ever seen .
i just ca nt figure out , grung was saying , how she managed to chain this thing here without waking us .
this thing used to be a human .
i did nt hate that thing .
you said this thing is a doorway to evil .
this thing was at least ten feet tall .
the thing horror offers is the frisson that comes with fear and dread and visceral shock ; frightful imagery appeals to our lizard brain in a way that is profound and immediate .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
old virginia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 414 the 226 i 212 a 170 and 158 to 157 of 109 was 104 in 99 my 93 you 80 he 73 it 66 had 65 his 65 for 62 me 61 on 60 with 57 that 46 her 45 she 44 were 41 this 41 they 39 we 37 is 36 as 35 from 35 strauss 32 what 32 him 31 one 30 at 29 porter 29 riley 28 if 27 an 27 said 26 be 26 like 25 so 24 by 24 would 23 into 23 men 23 did n't 22 no 22 some 22 there 21 about 21 are 20 hatcher 20 up 19 back 19 more 19 but 19 all 19 been 19 not 18 who 18 virginia 18 them 17 did 17 out 16 or 16 your 16 when 15 doctor 15 too 15 us 14 do n't 14 have 14 do 13 our 13 know 13 things 13 old 12 could 12 cap 12 herman 12 how 12 will 12 mother 11 man 11 their 11 subject 11 down 11 cabin 11 here 10 people 10 company 10 why 10 roger 10 world 10 got 10 made 10 off 10 find 10 then 9 can 9 better 9 way 9 where 9 over 9 until 9 eyes 9 it 's 9 i 'd 9 through 9 around 9 years 9 before 9 first 8 get 8 behind 8 something 8 right 8 say 8 tallhat 8 than 8 after 8 intelligence 8 you 're 8 much 8 seen 8 make 8 now 8 cuba 8 help 8 oh 8 face 8 two 8 ever 8 take 8 door 7 even 7 table 7 white 7 was n't 7 those 7 just 7 came 7 any 7 captain 7 doctors 7 best 7 had n't 7 took 7 garland 7 started 7 i 'll 7 thought 7 myself 7 asked 7 yes 7 cigarette 7 these 7 head 7 anything 7 saw 6 research 6 want 6 dark 6 kept 6 its 6 x 6 without 6 kind 6 new 6 upon 6 good 6 last 6 porter 's 6 break 6 except 6 yeah 6 far 6 such 6 time 6 has 6 began 6 few 6 black 6 talk 6 war 6 maybe 6 hands 6 might 6 three 6 shadow 6 sat 6 put 6 day 6 since 6 called 6 across 6 while 6 see 6 tell 6 team 5 riley 's 5 gone 5 i ' m 5 nasty 5 go 5 fire 5 near 5 never 5 little 5 went 5 voice 5 file 5 next 5 big 5 else 5 woods 5 nobody 5 wanted 5 well 5 richards 5 field 5 knew 5 think 5 need 5 does 5 documents 5 important 5 mouth 5 dead 5 own 5 operation 5 work 5 let 5 light 5 yet 5 drew 5 she 's 5 because 5 found 5 fell 5 read 5 enough 4 wo n't 4 happy 4 doing 4 bad 4 davis 4 god 4 lips 4 metal 4 gave 4 rained 4 bed 4 great 4 pretty 4 ten 4 most 4 again 4 wall 4 left 4 rode 4 heard 4 decided 4 against 4 clothes 4 inside 4 i ' ve 4 weapon 4 seemed 4 other 4 boys 4 forest 4 worse 4 holes 4 stood 4 road 4 give 4 being 4 copper 4 reds 4 also 4 days 4 returned 4 activity 4 poor 4 lucky 4 detail 4 slipped 4 although 4 fingers 4 post 4 whatever 4 morning 4 family 4 dox 4 happened 4 getting 4 couple 4 rest 4 close 4 still 4 problem 4 became 4 sent 4 given 4 broke 4 am 4 children 4 done 4 shook 4 lab 4 could n't 4 does n't 4 game 4 wore 4 night 4 room 3 taken 3 trust 3 going 3 project 3 everyone 3 matter 3 really 3 truck 3 return 3 already 3 arms 3 deal 3 ike 3 expression 3 that 's 3 marching 3 we 'll 3 plan 3 mk - ultra 3 ops 3 meat 3 dream 3 many 3 talking 3 watching 3 wrong 3 quick 3 bloody 3 croatoan 3 away 3 later 3 past 3 farmhouse 3 move 3 neck 3 langley 3 chair 3 they 're 3 soissons 3 needed 3 boots 3 rubbed 3 special 3 natives 3 rats 3 island 3 report 3 only 3 meet 3 mountain 3 come 3 least 3 less 3 ones 3 glass 3 playing 3 mind 3 hundred 3 what 's 3 another 3 view 3 circlet 3 broken 3 news 3 strange 3 meant 3 baby 3 figure 3 possessed 3 possibly 3 may 3 jesus 3 test 3 required 3 coat 3 evidence 3 stank 3 guess 3 member 3 you 'll 3 closed 3 turned 3 throat 3 use 3 files 3 minutes 3 porch 3 you 'd 3 lot 3 lay 3 place 3 worked 3 flesh 3 situation 3 nature 3 certain 3 waiting 3 watch 3 clairvoyant 3 hell 3 nothing 3 outside 3 young 3 difficult 3 power 3 business 3 lighted 3 unless 3 hours 3 steel 3 bowl 3 life 3 soldier 3 care 3 spoke 3 we 're 3 log 3 cold 3 english 3 lived 3 everybody 3 long 3 become 3 history 3 seems 3 pleased 3 talked 3 wish 3 promise 3 smile 3 virginia 's 3 quite 3 exactly 3 six 3 tracks 3 between 3 though 3 dinner 3 attack 3 suppose 3 must 3 single 3 lost 3 fellows 3 tongue 3 ready 3 track 3 idea 3 nor 3 ground 3 swallowed 3 should ' ve 3 shall 3 which 3 small 3 once 3 allies 3 window 3 name 3 glasses 3 brown 2 farms 2 gray 2 medicine 2 bladder 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 hats 2 kgb 2 trouble 2 failed 2 hear 2 sufficient 2 tires 2 hatch 2 gather 2 anymore 2 surprise 2 cracks 2 heavily 2 evening 2 personal 2 bring 2 arrived 2 birth 2 drifted 2 neil 2 eventually 2 they 'll 2 eating 2 wet 2 tree 2 folks 2 compromised 2 scotch 2 rather 2 age 2 area 2 die 2 gets 2 pot 2 dawn 2 morbid 2 experience 2 simple 2 beach 2 hill 2 he 's 2 college 2 silhouette 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 german 2 nervous 2 alone 2 provender 2 man 's 2 questions 2 crone 's 2 bodies 2 picked 2 possible 2 dear 2 pancakes 2 poured 2 shit 2 conversation 2 letters 2 under 2 forgotten 2 soon 2 end 2 follow 2 piece 2 suspected 2 woman 2 image 2 sorry 2 data 2 protect 2 someone 2 straitjacket 2 sure 2 shotguns 2 s 2 sweated 2 anyone 2 hoped 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 look 2 information 2 storm 2 winter 2 shotgun 2 knows 2 sweep 2 convinced 2 probably 2 plenty 2 joke 2 tasted 2 skull 2 unfortunately 2 intended 2 mr 2 liked 2 certainly 2 hiding 2 missing 2 hatcher 's 2 resources 2 somebody 2 infant 2 escape 2 older 2 course 2 castro 2 kids 2 hurt 2 okay 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 drooling 2 jolly 2 sharp 2 carved 2 followed 2 sank 2 screwed 2 abandoned 2 palisade 2 military 2 vanished 2 lanky 2 windows 2 trained 2 pleasure 2 ah 2 surely 2 waited 2 guerillas 2 heels 2 makes 2 sound 2 fear 2 ha 2 standing 2 cut 2 papers 2 coming 2 french 2 chuckled 2 yard 2 catch 2 maintain 2 christ 2 afraid 2 u 2 planks 2 nine 2 reason 2 tin 2 mud 2 winked 2 muffled 2 guys 2 library 2 ditches 2 observed 2 notion 2 armor 2 belly 2 spent 2 needles 2 brain 2 taste 2 nearby 2 grinned 2 moved 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 search 2 thin 2 bit 2 rumors 2 eye 2 guard 2 afternoon 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 fine 2 pops 2 word 2 stare 2 line 2 ceased 2 mengele 2 earth 2 process 2 everything 2 indicated 2 tears 2 bore 2 wondered 2 bizarre 2 red 2 roanoke 2 let 's 2 control 2 wrote 2 mystery 2 whispered 2 call 2 listening 2 feet 2 cooking 2 main 2 reminded 2 moment 2 month 2 cro 2 crude 2 smoked 2 chill 2 security 2 thick 2 nail 2 answer 2 farm 2 opened 2 collection 2 built 2 grand 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 experiments 2 several 2 lead 2 dox 's 2 feel 2 scenario 2 thinking 2 legs 2 water 2 whether 2 silence 2 each 2 full 2 dreamt 2 finished 2 recognized 2 doubt 2 however 2 testing 2 among 2 muscles 2 badger 2 trees 2 pawns 2 miners 2 seeped 2 rain 2 captured 2 dry 2 sweat 2 hey 2 batista 's 2 handle 2 indeed 2 circlets 2 hunting 2 stopped 2 facilities 2 deep 2 often 2 waste 2 felt 2 same 2 believed 2 free 2 hour 2 others 2 dim 2 you ' ve 2 principal 2 lingered 2 incident 2 roby 2 women 2 looked 2 public 2 entry 2 able 2 faces 2 hole 2 pulled 2 appeared 2 watched 2 machines 2 alive 2 wants 2 dressed 2 machinery 2 glycerin 2 walking 2 shoulder 2 struggle 2 hardcases 2 broad 2 muddy 2 slicing 2 used 2 true 2 conduct 2 change 2 are n't 2 laughed 2 unknown 2 cried 2 corpses 2 pull 2 locked 2 instead 2 sort 2 bigger 2 nearly 2 low 2 stove 2 garrison 2 killed 2 either 2 stalked 2 agreed 2 senses 2 helped 2 auschwitz 2 short 2 gold 2 looking 2 carry 2 works 2 thing 2 along 2 party 2 times 2 pair 2 noises 1 nape 1 greeting 1 squalled 1 issue 1 dropped 1 calm 1 bunked 1 nearest 1 sole 1 swiveled 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 twenty 1 gloves 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 poking 1 screws 1 lucid 1 satisfying 1 lumbered 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 death 1 wizened 1 reptilian 1 giving 1 loaded 1 peaked 1 loyalists 1 coals 1 flopped 1 ran 1 escalates 1 goddamned 1 congratulated 1 refill 1 conditions 1 treated 1 environs 1 local 1 snicked 1 ear 1 knots 1 suspicion 1 show 1 win 1 intercepted 1 lack 1 stubbed 1 breath 1 lizard - bald 1 limped 1 bravest 1 patrol 1 rusted 1 steely 1 yours 1 supply 1 em 1 blacken 1 thickly 1 slurping 1 dangle 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 inform 1 dripped 1 tramp 1 implant 1 veteran 1 psychic 1 stains 1 doc 1 devices 1 eaves 1 virtue 1 position 1 drain 1 whistling 1 organize 1 fifty - plus 1 financing 1 dipped 1 compelled 1 rendezvoused 1 lsd 1 yellow 1 paralyzed 1 atom - smashing 1 codes 1 commie 1 seconds 1 real 1 set 1 country 1 obvious 1 torch 1 job 1 counting 1 secrets 1 met 1 swooped 1 logical 1 invented 1 polite 1 dared 1 detached 1 brow 1 survey 1 richardses 1 blasphemous 1 perfect 1 raleigh 1 sleep 1 illusion 1 gangrene 1 blocked 1 dug 1 overcome 1 decisions 1 shut 1 appreciates 1 unimaginable 1 programs 1 attach 1 debacle 1 shelves 1 dame 1 sobbing 1 chorus 1 persisted 1 excitement 1 existence 1 generator 's 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 huge 1 adopted 1 brilliant 1 third 1 dense 1 boy 1 carolina 1 spasms 1 stole 1 clamped 1 dr 1 pulling 1 russians 1 he 'd 1 horrible 1 foreign 1 stuff 1 closely 1 chess 1 plain 1 coney 1 tests 1 results 1 feigned 1 fried 1 christian 1 shaved 1 stubble 1 monstrous 1 notches 1 thump 1 flaw 1 knife 1 scarce 1 cook 1 blued 1 necessary 1 fret 1 handled 1 explorers 1 four 1 staggered 1 scuttlebutt 1 honors 1 whispering 1 starfish 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 plastic 1 wine 1 muzzled 1 luck 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 contraptions 1 listened 1 hair 1 routine 1 deadly 1 tribes 1 melodramatic 1 unorthodox 1 majestic 1 spectacle 1 advance 1 two - man 1 doozy 1 temple 1 silent 1 dick 1 diameter 1 jealous 1 arthritis 1 assembled 1 woke 1 coffee 1 cookfires 1 turning 1 escorted 1 how 's 1 marshy 1 stack 1 gorge 1 dusk 1 universities 1 san 1 crap 1 spilled 1 quiz 1 damn 1 league 1 fast 1 instinct 1 gate 1 losses 1 distortion 1 flashlight 1 carrion 1 cigarettes 1 damned 1 turks 1 angular 1 climb 1 questing 1 account 1 syllable 1 running 1 correctly 1 phantom 1 drunkenly 1 extrapolate 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 relation 1 tasting 1 uncertainty 1 compose 1 grasped 1 she 'll 1 aloofness 1 dirty 1 stiff 1 soaked 1 aching 1 destroyed 1 prevented 1 tricks 1 competent 1 colonist 1 members 1 sworn 1 hatteras 1 turn 1 iron 1 split 1 passed 1 birthed 1 spools 1 kicked 1 acquiescence 1 preferred 1 harder 1 lacked 1 button 1 spartan 1 sequence 1 molecular 1 biting 1 ai n't 1 determined 1 moments 1 tattooed 1 overly 1 hacking 1 brother 1 crouched 1 weirding 1 personally 1 unintelligible 1 radio 1 superior 1 medical 1 dropping 1 psych 1 records 1 wipe 1 origin 1 splendid 1 miss 1 theory 1 sated 1 throats 1 unnerving 1 satisfy 1 purely 1 company 's 1 classified 1 pictures 1 effective 1 strike 1 butt 1 smiled 1 living 1 technology 1 timbuktu 1 neat 1 resistance 1 slats 1 dank 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 fed 1 hum 1 dominance 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 plots 1 departure 1 nonsense 1 victims 1 herself 1 child 1 gibbering 1 grown 1 reshape 1 topographical 1 shack 1 whole 1 senile 1 vital 1 send 1 cautiously 1 midwestern 1 pal 1 innocent 1 banged 1 rattled 1 nose 1 communication 1 characters 1 steal 1 official ' 1 deemed 1 screamed 1 researchers 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 trembled 1 d - did 1 demanded 1 obscure 1 piss 1 profile 1 spaniards 1 actually 1 would ' ve 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 changed 1 meatier 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 money 1 folder 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 awful 1 corrugated 1 kidnap 1 cynicism 1 forward 1 carve 1 detritus 1 eager 1 sake 1 sought 1 soldiers 1 lamplight 1 curious 1 ceiling 1 song 1 hoping 1 submerged 1 detailed 1 offering 1 roof 1 sipping 1 diminished 1 savant 1 rocky 1 there 's 1 sounds 1 soup 1 horn 1 quietly 1 yawned 1 explained 1 part 1 flight 1 confident 1 experiment 1 clatter 1 shifted 1 shocked 1 inconclusive 1 cackle 1 jungles 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 disaster 1 begged 1 drumming 1 folklore 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 blind 1 likewise 1 drag 1 armed 1 bitterly 1 havana 1 fruitless 1 hurricanes 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 pasture 1 making 1 numbness 1 camps 1 west 1 suspend 1 campus 1 axis 1 state 1 ranks 1 foresaw 1 converse 1 shrewd 1 numerous 1 flat 1 secured 1 behavior 1 degrees 1 tremors 1 indecipherable 1 ink 1 collapsed 1 tall 1 accent 1 creaked 1 paper 1 stuck 1 photokinetics 1 devil 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 welded 1 sunrise 1 finding 1 duty 1 washed 1 died 1 fate 1 cast 1 merely 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 burning 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 grew 1 middle 1 younger 1 mumbled 1 adults 1 flakes 1 calmed 1 handed 1 1945 1 ahead 1 mines 1 thrashing 1 wake 1 configure 1 regarded 1 towered 1 antiseptic 1 suffering 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 curfew 1 cautious 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 scratch 1 dossiers 1 ability 1 improve 1 draws 1 traitor 1 likely 1 kinds 1 barely 1 keen 1 dough 1 easel 1 sharks 1 sighed 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 twenty - mile 1 laughing 1 career 1 preparing 1 france 1 emerge 1 viewer 1 disappeared 1 hump 1 awfully 1 caper 1 rube 1 ideas 1 fond 1 posts 1 commander 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 scraps 1 sounded 1 wars 1 richards ' 1 pursued 1 follows 1 frothing 1 cots 1 worried 1 slit 1 bothers 1 withdrew 1 chuckling 1 digging 1 involved 1 pulses 1 gun 1 lousy 1 term 1 chemicals 1 ash 1 allocation 1 loud 1 tendrils 1 sabotaged 1 diesel 1 hero 1 phosphorescent 1 sit 1 balls - up 1 teams 1 powerful 1 manner 1 throttling 1 patriot 1 bunched 1 specter 1 rewarded 1 idiots 1 cured 1 broth 1 earnest 1 wildly 1 cot 1 laid 1 inadequate 1 frantic 1 office 1 potential 1 migraine 1 worth 1 concentrated 1 andreas 1 plodding 1 padded 1 beheld 1 castro 's 1 none 1 whip 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 beam 1 upside 1 cellar 1 approaching 1 leaned 1 unbalanced 1 spies 1 pitchy 1 walnut 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 straight 1 sadism 1 air 1 additionally 1 traveled 1 quaintly 1 gaze 1 thusly 1 smooth 1 stetsons 1 misled 1 hoofing 1 gagged 1 chief 1 hamburgers 1 embarrassing 1 expire 1 biologist 1 decorated 1 presently 1 operations 1 different 1 terms 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 caltech 1 ace 1 glances 1 relieved 1 matriarch 1 blocks 1 beware 1 crazed 1 regard 1 glare 1 moisture 1 walk 1 wires 1 manage 1 number 1 shields 1 ominous 1 flickering 1 cowboy 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 clicked 1 remember 1 toppled 1 managed 1 professionals 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 wrecked 1 proved 1 colonization 1 nasal 1 forecast 1 aloud 1 included 1 exhaled 1 breaking 1 question 1 hefty 1 creatures 1 fishbowl 1 pressure 1 buck 1 tablet 1 bled 1 fallen 1 mess 1 gears 1 tricked 1 shot 1 nefarious 1 bears 1 blade 1 include 1 furious 1 eased 1 rush 1 precisely 1 easy 1 realized 1 glacial 1 rise 1 sir 1 mimeographed 1 steamy 1 ruined 1 join 1 assigned 1 gentle 1 rolling 1 jackets 1 pain 1 priority 1 misfortune 1 layman 's 1 glowing 1 envisioned 1 sam 1 crone 1 shape 1 played 1 dangerous 1 uncapped 1 edge 1 ancient 1 june 1 decades 1 talent 1 subtlety 1 north 1 pane 1 deer 1 hiroshima 1 balm 1 fingers ' 1 ward 1 illumination 1 shortly 1 fortify 1 son 1 human 1 physicist 1 twice 1 cracking 1 interfere 1 rims 1 locate 1 hills 1 sanity 1 cabinets 1 teeth 1 scientific 1 quavered 1 cry 1 phone 1 showed 1 filled 1 daddy 1 reaction 1 grunted 1 bunk 1 element 1 suddenly 1 uttered 1 math 1 lapsed 1 peeking 1 keeps 1 1915 1 everything 's 1 rid 1 gnawed 1 scholars 1 continue 1 out - of - season 1 handcuffed 1 words 1 boxy 1 sealed 1 uneventful 1 week 1 pessimistic 1 charm 1 curtain 1 junior 1 bonfires 1 korea 1 hired 1 appeal 1 shiny 1 dried 1 powers 1 conference 1 mentioned 1 we 'd 1 lolled 1 rocking 1 events 1 rusty 1 labs 1 dispatched 1 grabbed 1 safe 1 star 1 sonofabitches 1 yielded 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 fastened 1 establish 1 ice 1 clouds 1 fool 1 chin 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 whisper 1 stick 1 spared 1 idiot 1 harm 1 treetops 1 nodded 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 bet 1 range 1 frayed 1 ivy 1 root 1 lightened 1 bushes 1 greasy 1 backs 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 major 1 comprised 1 expedition 1 disembodied 1 fearful 1 play 1 snow 1 wobbly 1 million 1 vigor 1 obviously 1 recon 1 slack 1 shrugged 1 lauded 1 cracked 1 automatons 1 seasoned 1 progressing 1 breast 1 oozing 1 birds 1 presence 1 thank 1 pox 1 authority 1 ended 1 check 1 cow 1 flooded 1 demeanor 1 naked 1 note 1 memos 1 keeping 1 fight 1 colossal 1 race 1 south 1 germans 1 top 1 front 1 asking 1 contests 1 meeting 1 amount 1 excuse 1 triumphant 1 government 1 york 1 blowing 1 price 1 tits - up 1 clipped 1 reassurances 1 contact 1 bombs 1 surmised 1 smirk 1 bar 1 saboteur 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 four - star 1 doors 1 properly 1 poise 1 settlement 1 chunks 1 encompass 1 yourself 1 poisoned 1 passion 1 bona 1 known 1 gig 1 stroked 1 tickled 1 director 1 shell 1 assimilated 1 objectives 1 shout 1 helpful 1 sonofabitch 1 conduit 1 watery 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 monumental 1 forgiven 1 grace 1 houses 1 quaked 1 immortality 1 certificate 1 center 1 bitching 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 margin 1 wiped 1 bloomed 1 threw 1 program 1 calculus 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 plants 1 coarsened 1 1589 1 speaking 1 fortunately 1 grip 1 lurking 1 support 1 wrapped 1 goddamnit 1 goose 1 car 1 clotted 1 portion 1 content 1 kick 1 mostly 1 haul 1 applications 1 canvas 1 transport 1 disrupted 1 wood 1 solely 1 anyway 1 squirms 1 settlers 1 during 1 bread 1 clues 1 frozen 1 deeper 1 speak 1 stupidest 1 clue 1 squeaked 1 darkness 1 latrine 1 moves 1 tottering 1 fixing 1 raining 1 comment 1 symbols 1 crooned 1 assemble 1 details 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 operatives 1 analgesic 1 chum 1 rogers 1 extraction 1 disappear 1 easily 1 subtle 1 comes 1 gestured 1 ears 1 induced 1 robey 1 rasped 1 slope 1 pack 1 efficacious 1 closest 1 captain 's 1 pig 1 wished 1 mind 's 1 troops 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 strauss ' 1 arranged 1 options 1 helping 1 township 1 suggest 1 filter 1 staff 1 colonial 1 leak 1 recording 1 momentous 1 dinosaurs 1 rotten 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 chalk 1 tittered 1 scrap 1 basic 1 obstructing 1 herr 1 somber 1 mail 1 portended 1 mistaken 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 1588 1 rubber 1 raid 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 symptoms 1 humorless 1 loomed 1 amazingly 1 every 1 oak 1 puking 1 isolated 1 static 1 wilds 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 terrible 1 blue - eyed 1 lifted 1 unspecified 1 maps 1 dustbin 1 sky 1 clicking 1 rank 1 slow 1 similarly 1 map 1 inner 1 imminent 1 sooner 1 dull 1 case 1 rabbits 1 blunders 1 colonists ' 1 ago 1 killers 1 fabricated 1 prove 1 entertain 1 caliber 1 together 1 bald 1 scatter 1 wolfing 1 animal 1 guessed 1 aquamarine 1 earned 1 touched 1 rope 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 kernel 1 stared 1 beads 1 wound 1 arrives 1 nixon 1 sensation 1 feelings 1 balls 1 hypothesis 1 foolish 1 coyote 1 deadfalls 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 active 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 hinky 1 smart 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 please 1 distance 1 pistol 1 subordinate 1 civilization 1 signs 1 paperwork 1 aside 1 enforcer 1 brain - buggered 1 remains 1 smothered 1 home 1 provided 1 plug 1 large 1 mayhem 1 brothers 1 gulped 1 bark 1 attempt 1 laughter 1 rock 1 legend 1 bulk 1 strain 1 hopping 1 damage 1 commissioned 1 accepting 1 clenched 1 harsher 1 prudent 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 threats 1 diet 1 central 1 burned 1 batista 1 elements 1 trains 1 careful 1 tortured 1 impress 1 cursing 1 aware 1 flinch 1 displaced 1 raveled 1 leaves 1 shivered 1 discipline 1 plate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 physicists 1 hideous 1 camphor 1 unhappy 1 debriefing 1 contemplative 1 paranoia 1 scandal 1 mile 1 heart 1 pillows 1 poker 1 complacent 1 uncle 1 alabaster 1 1953 1 examinations 1 chew 1 bowels 1 paddling 1 unclassified 1 scouted 1 in - law 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 portions 1 flame - thrower 1 miles 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 abnormal 1 service 1 shelled 1 forever 1 guidance 1 possess 1 telegram 1 settlements 1 sidelong 1 cigar 1 army 1 hearing 1 hilarity 1 mustered 1 pussyfoot 1 tangentially 1 swayed 1 dumb 1 mightily 1 seize 1 weight 1 caricatures 1 filly 1 rip 1 tough 1 wounds 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 appearances 1 limit 1 block 1 darker 1 accompanied 1 shots 1 edgy 1 paradise 1 hardly 1 lick 1 kid 1 president 's 1 stripe 1 expendable 1 we ' ve 1 assignment 1 delighted 1 caved 1 arcane 1 comedy 1 borne 1 worst 1 rutted 1 boring 1 monkeys 1 shrieks 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 private 1 tonight 1 happen 1 title 1 direction 1 cover 1 command 1 seagulls 1 covering 1 twenty - eight 1 watchdog 1 warning 1 grim 1 network 1 preoccupation 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 resilience 1 glided 1 nonetheless 1 nice 1 produced 1 clever 1 tight 1 were n't 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 blond 1 smashed 1 fide 1 anew 1 livelier 1 stars 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 bandaged 1 blurry 1 wilderness 1 blanket 1 hq 1 fifteen 1 satisfaction 1 hulks 1 verdun 1 advising 1 pitcher 1 quantity 1 hook 1 blood 1 lunatic 1 umbrella 1 sun 1 fossils 1 disgusted 1 interrogate 1 elongated 1 suited 1 conjecture 1 bits 1 flowed 1 nails 1 barked 1 trotting 1 untended 1 hold 1 precise 1 babbled 1 whiskey 1 tickertape 1 finest 1 branches 1 smirking 1 loose 1 president 1 sector 1 fault 1 charred 1 born 1 graduated 1 blue - tinged 1 spread 1 ass 1 deteriorated 1 friends 1 hike 1 something 's 1 pantry 1 53 1 longevity 1 dwindled 1 link 1 convenient 1 nap 1 fumbling 1 thugs 1 shriek 1 mole 1 cryptic 1 gag 1 reeked 1 secret 1 branch 1 oceans 1 visited 1 extract 1 psychotropics 1 kill 1 erratum 1 assure 1 eyelids 1 dixie 1 soothing 1 legendary 1 tractor 1 swoop 1 engineer 1 england 1 cavity 1 eleven 1 echo 1 using 1 semiconsciousness 1 live ' 1 pocket 1 gap 1 comb 1 contrary 1 bent 1 bow 1 shoes 1 anybody 's 1 fourth 1 intact 1 radar 1 wooden 1 incoherently 1 bum 1 dogs 1 propped 1 outhouse 1 generator 1 always 1 tone 1 clearance 1 touch 1 noon 1 jerries 1 written 1 grinning 1 unfriendly 1 faculties 1 warn 1 endured 1 pep 1 within 1 latent 1 dresden 1 cruel - minded 1 spare 1 blot 1 wind - blasted 1 pools 1 dreams 1 trip 1 pills 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 pale 1 shaggy 1 level 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 friend 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 spite 1 best - case 1 robbed 1 occurring 1 knees 1 they ' ve 1 stench 1 frequency 1 wits 1 squirmed 1 sallow 1 briefed 1 confided 1 slightly 1 disposals 1 cake 1 empty 1 slaughter 1 dimple 1 dust 1 glittered 1 moldered 1 mankind 1 delays 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 woman 's 1 self - aggrandizement 1 considerable 1 scared 1 looks 1 functioning 1 reached 1 exists 1 remote 1 fashion 1 believe 1 revelries 1 desire 1 evilly 1 moving 1 anywhere 1 adolph 1 secure 1 nicer 1 further 1 base 1 colony 1 messages 1 perimeter 1 sours 1 eisenhower 's 1 drizzled 1 abrupt 1 thirty 1 influence 1 realize 1 spy 1 brute 1 mary 1 step 1 asylum 1 derail 1 flaccid 1 objects 1 promising 1 point 1 1700 1 forehead 1 gained 1 gazing 1 detractors 1 marched 1 liver 1 realization 1 williams 1 dread 1 conviction 1 targets 1 should n't 1 reading 1 staring 1 former 1 extort 1 geniuses 1 glow 1 raked 1 skinny 1 lending 1 babysitting 1 unwholesomely 1 sixth 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 tangible 1 clear 1 supporter 1 breakthrough 1 screams 1 haystacks 1 shredding 1 impossible 1 volunteers 1 school 1 coolness 1 officer 1 lose 1 cave 1 milky 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 goat 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 courage 1 enemy 1 translated 1 brazen 1 snap 1 purpose 1 lingering 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 present 1 headed 1 cashing 1 isolation 1 potbellied 1 interrupted 1 joined 1 reservations 1 ate 1 weather 1 housecleaning 1 wept 1 gobbled 1 drown 1 precautions 1 upturned 1 sprint 1 supposed 1 tag 1 governor 1 walked 1 russian 1 ca n't 1 general 1 noticed 1 century 1 quiet 1 five 1 task 1 bitter 1 clock 1 shielding 1 seem 1 leave 1 chortled 1 hard - on 1 spending 1 fired 1 scrawls 1 too - long 1 shirt 1 town 1 blank 1 acting 1 completely 1 normandy 1 safety 1 retreat 1 poster 1 susurration 1 seventy 1 chittering 1 chance 1 imprecations 1 simply 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 involvement 1 investigation 1 humans 1 traces 1 racket 1 oozed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 huh 1 stomach 1 she 'd 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 pronto 1 crossed 1 brought 1 shop 1 greatness 1 jargon 1 squirted 1 perusing 1 bought 1 swore 1 celebration 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 quarter 1 hypnosis 1 floorboards 1 stupid 1 services 1 worshipped 1 reduced 1 live 1 counter 1 plundered 1 scientists 1 soul 1 community 1 squelching 1 blankly 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 battlefields 1 checked 1 deaf 1 disabled 1 covert 1 high 1 exploration 1 moods 921 .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
how dare you create that ugly looking thing by yourself .
this thing , right here ?
probably food that s been in that thing since the place was built , nathan replied .
i ve seen the things you ve dragged home from that place .
picked this thing up at that store up the street .
but for a pretty thing like you , ill let those five minutes slide .
your little grid thing is just sitting there , and there s no blobs .
it looked creepy , a thing you did nt want to mess around with , like a loaded gun .
kristin , you re moving that thing , said curtis .
and then ... one of those spiders from last night that ... that popped out of that ... thing ... crawled across my body , up the side of my face and jumped into my mouth .
with this thing ?
i could really use your help some of her old clothes were in the box , dresses and things , all neatly folded , so i took them out one by one and i smelled them , hoping for something familiar , some scent i could recognize from better days .
i hit the automatic garage door and it seemed like an eternity for the stupid thing to close .
the thing , the evil eye button ?
okay , uh , victoria , what exactly is this thing ?
i ve picked up a thing or two in my time studying magic as well .
i have just the thing for you , dear said victoria , pulling out another small silver bell , tied to a thin strap of leather .
i feel like a grandpa in this thing .
from the look of the cobwebs and dust on the thing , it had nt been driven in awhile .
so i stab kristin with this thing , and the spider lady and her curse go away forever .
it was his first fish and the bobber almost dwarfed the thing , but to alex , at the time , it had been the size of a whale .
to open so vast a thing completely was not to be thought of , but the ghouls hoped to get it up just enough to slip the gravestone under as a prop , and permit carter to escape through the crack .
maybe it was a really sharp letter opener , but yeah , it looked exactly like the sort of thing my wife would use to open letters and why are nt you pretending i m full of crap like everyone else ?
the whole thing was rotten .
jackson sat bent over his guitar , practically making love to the thing .
ill find a narrow point on the island where i can park this thing off the back , and set up camp on the ocean side .
the thing folds down to fit in that box .
swinging twenty - five feet of four - inch thick pipe from horizontal to vertical is nt easy , even if the thing is made of aluminum .
you got that thing set up fast .
i had never seen it mounted on either , despite the fact he d had the thing for years .
and make sure she puts the thing on , okay ?
remember that thing that looked like a big house ?
then i say get the thing down .
how heavy is that thing anyway ?
the batteries went first since half the weight came from the bank of batteries that powered the thing .
i had no idea if the grooves would hold it in place or if the thing would tear loose in the wind and come flying back on us .
every time the thing moved the sound of bones cracking and skin stretching filled the air .
i had no idea what the thing was , but the night swallowed it .
yeah , i did nt understand it either until the thing was gone .
the moment it touched the stone the poor thing began to tremble .
josh pulled back and the thing on his sisters head jerked .
a horrible thud followed , the thing sticking to the wall for a moment before dropping to the floor .
get your hands off this thing , her mind screamed .
he hoped he did nt have to use the thing ; he had nt fired a weapon of any sort since his days as a boy scout .
cover that blasted thing up so i do n't have to look at it ! ''
it was the coolest thing , ever !
the thing now belonged to stephanie as she merely played in a delightful celebration .
and certainly not worn all the time , the thing that was robbed from brad often sat covered in a shoe box , buried in the back of stephanies bedroom closet .
` ` do you have any idea the power we have with this thing ?
` ` are you guys getting that thing out of here ? ''
how would such a thing end up in their bed ?
and for the thing hidden in the closet , perhaps it was time for stephanie to finally get rid of it .
stephanie 's dna was all over the thing and well , it was certainly no easy task to get rid of body part !
` ` you 're reading that kindle thing , again ?
you ca n't lift that thing yourself !
they made the friggin thing and gave their own people the antidote .
i wish i d thought to charge this thing last night .
the thing looked flimsy .
that thing had been loud enough to wake up the cemetery half a mile up on the hill .
that s the closest thing we have to a medical person .
now , how in the hell do you get out of this thing ?
a herd of elephants could hide behind the thing , not to mention a flock of little demons .
take that fucking thing off .
the instant he spoke , the thing felt huge against my leg .
the damned thing was all over my face trying to get to my mouth .
is that the thing that looks like a shed stuck on the back of the station ?
there s a big square box - looking thing up on top of the shed out back .
the only thing she ever lifts is a bottle .
there are plenty of things you can use at my place .
where can i dispose of that thing ?
hey , hey , kid , watch where you are pointing that thing .
our breakfast table would dwarf this little thing we called a table .
poor thing , they had to shoot her in the head .
ill be back first thing , he told abby .
i try to roll over and this thing gets in the way .
get that fucking thing out of my eyes !
this fine young thing still has her cherry intact ?
he 'd been cured of a disease that required him to live life inside a big plastic bubble suit , and after winning the fight , crushing the condition to death , he was out of the damned thing and was feeling room and space and freedom around him for the very first time .
i glance up at the sun as i force myself to walk over to the red thing .
his laptop must have been one of things he collected while we were at his place .
about the only thing worth seeing here is the printing press , said janus .
kind of a folk - rock thing , like a mix of janis joplin and pearl jam .
however , i want to leave something behindsome unremarkable lasting thing that states that i once existed .
you tell me about thing i need to find , emma pleads to the figure that continues to face away from her .
you ca nt just put a doorknob on this kind of thing , so you d need a way to get it open without being obvious the room is behind here ?
like a puzzle , things were falling into place .
the entire thing was covered in a thin layer of dust and dirt , indicating little recent use .
the thing was on a beach of some sort , and it seemed to me that every grain of sand was etched into the silver , though i know that was impossible .
the thing does nt like water , apparently .
my beam had no effect on the thing , that horrible thing , that damn motherfucking face destroyer it was easily one and a half times my height , and would have appeared human at a distance but its two terrible arms one was a blade , like a scythe of flesh and bone , doubtless the thing that had impaled the scientists and the other arm had , instead of a hand , a needle , from the tip of which dripped a red liquid , like glowing blood .
my beam had no effect on the thing , that horrible thing , that damn motherfucking face destroyer it was easily one and a half times my height , and would have appeared human at a distance but its two terrible arms one was a blade , like a scythe of flesh and bone , doubtless the thing that had impaled the scientists and the other arm had , instead of a hand , a needle , from the tip of which dripped a red liquid , like glowing blood .
and then behind that thing came another one , identical to the first they were naked , the damn things , and had no genitalia , or breasts , or nipples they were completely devoid of any form of identification including faces , of course .
and then behind that thing came another one , identical to the first they were naked , the damn things , and had no genitalia , or breasts , or nipples they were completely devoid of any form of identification including faces , of course .
with a maniacal tittering , the thing began to glow with a sickly green light .
god , it was terrible there is no hope for our kind , not when the damned daemons are lurking everywhere , with the power to slowly whittle away our race , as i fear they have been doing for many thousands of years and then we ran out of powder , and the nightmare began we resorted to the dagger , for the device , the thing that had gotten me into this damn trouble in the first place , was transported with us .
his parents or rather , his father , for his mother was confined to her room in roma due to a terrible fit of consumption stood beside him , explaining to the young heir of the river - shipping business how to run the thing .
and with my share of the profits , i d get this thing a better operating room .
not that she ever had a real chance to use the thing , of course ; reggie was earnest in her belief that weapons were only to be used when there was no other option available .
the thing went off again !
` ` how much is this thing worth ? ''
i ' m sure that someone has gotten rid of the thing , but i look around on the ground just to be sure .
he manages to find a candy bar and shoves the whole thing in his mouth .
we need to get him out of here and get this thing off . ''
so you re still driving that old thing ?
its my luck that thing just happens to be my head .
one of the zee 's has his arm wedged inside and now the bloody thing wo n't shut .
you know i read that thing after you were complaining about it , jon said .
then i groaned , and tossed the thing away .
the entire thing was empty , except for a blue toolbox at the bottom .
i took another good look at the square thing .
his hands flew so fast you d think the thing was made of dynamite .
light burst into the hallway , illuminating the entire thing .
the wood becomes the handle and the blade becomes the thing you kill things with .
it was a thing .
he was teasing her and she knew it , but this was her beloved sweater ; it was the first thing her mother had sent her after she had left for college .
i mean , reallydo you want to become some freaks play thing ?
ill be there first thing in the morning , bright and early .
he wished he had his ectoblaster handy , but the thing was too heavy to lug around everywhere , and was currently charging in the kitchen anyway .
so , i used the one thing you can take with you .
it 's got a knock off organic label , pretty close to the real thing until you run it under black light .
` ` you should get rid of that thing , '' george shouted to him .
this thing brings the dead to life . ''
the pieces of the ancient macbook air he had acquired from jake probably had more value , but his curiosity was piqued , especially since jake had so adamantly insisted this thing was special .
either this thing was really old , or it was scary new .
of course , mechanics were one thing , the real test would be whether or not this thing could preserve the computers ' original programming -- an added bonus , but dwayne was n't holding his breath for * that * insane a miracle .
the more this thing worked , the more it made his entire inventory useless .
damn , but it was hell trying to pry that thing apart .
ca n't say that i would be fighting anything big with that little thing , but it might come in handy in a pinch .
reaching for one of the many bottles of water that i had left sitting out , i guzzling the whole thing down , surprising myself .
it was a vicious looking thing but much too heavy for me to try to do anything with while i was so weak .
she gave him the old thing , practically an antique ; for emergencies , in the hope that her son would nt feel so vulnerable to more harassment .
he put this shiny thing in there , presumably a camera .
chuck had discovered a lot of interesting places , people and things in his forty - eight years on this planet .
brus big thing was cookies and milk when lying in bed reading a book at bedtime .
the thing died , or was killed , because it got hooked on someones line .
his old man hand - made the thing ; stained black with shoe - polish thinned down with mineral spirits .
nibbles could nt see a blasted thing .
two boards , four nails kind of thing .
nibbles realized he would have to carry the thing .
reaching in , he picked the thing out and put it on the table .
how heavy is that thing ?
over the course of several long winters , he d read the thing about four times .
look , you got to find that thing , man !
right in the middle of a high - speed chase , the thing would be itching and messing up your focus .
standing well back , he wandered around it , looking at the thing , studying it .
as if a winnebago could ever be sexy without a bunch of sexy people inside and the only reason they would be inside is because they thought it would be a fun thing to rent when they traveled to some vacation spot where the girls could go wild or something .
he pulls out the ugliest looking catch you ve ever seen , already starting to turn and tosses the thing into his box like its gold .
some weirdo had plotted this place out and sold his strange idea to people who constructed such things .
apparently he had been out on one of those damned dangerous fishing boats that everyone thinks are all romantic because they re so damned dangerous and what was even more damned dangerous was that gil was on the damned thing so , of course , the damned thing went down and took everyone but gil with it .
apparently he had been out on one of those damned dangerous fishing boats that everyone thinks are all romantic because they re so damned dangerous and what was even more damned dangerous was that gil was on the damned thing so , of course , the damned thing went down and took everyone but gil with it .
a meteor could drop out of the sky and destroy all of new england and that thing would still be there .
he knew what the thing was and he knew where the thing was and he knew that all he had to do was turn around and go back and he would be safe .
its part of the design of the thing .
every piece cut just so and sanded down and put into its perfect place to create a whole , perfect thing ?
no one knew how to do it , the magic that made the thing being as strong as it was .
for a while , tod thought just blowing the damn thing up would ruin the kids life in a really meaningful way .
occasionally they try to talk you down and occasionally you give them a deal to make them feel better about being so good at negotiating or some such thing but you do nt really care because its mostly just junk anyway and who would ever pay good money for something like a thirty year old 8 mm film camera when you ca nt even buy film for the damned thing and , if you do and get it developed , you re just going to transfer it to video anyway .
but some tourist comes in and offers you 15 dollars for the thing marked 20 and you give it to him because the thing was only going to rot in a box anyway and so you get 15 bucks and maybe the guy buys some tourist trinket you got up by the register and you make an extra few bucks because the guy thinks he got a deal .
but some tourist comes in and offers you 15 dollars for the thing marked 20 and you give it to him because the thing was only going to rot in a box anyway and so you get 15 bucks and maybe the guy buys some tourist trinket you got up by the register and you make an extra few bucks because the guy thinks he got a deal .
you were born with a thing and you should keep a thingat least if you were a guy .
so for some reason , no matter what adjustments i make , the thing wo nt hit that one stupid model .
i ve never seen so much as a chip off that thing .
he thought of it as becoming one with the machine , that he was just the thing that helped it to go and he would play his part and he and the machine would get to where he needed to be and when he got there he could find some job that allowed him to become a part of some other machine and not think about anything while his body did that .
lets get some distance and blow this thing , will .
he had to keep the whole thing moving and it kept moving 14 hours a day .
so that when people came to town he could be the friendly ghoul and they would get a good scary story about some bastard warlock who had made this terrible thing and ever since the people of the town had been trapped in this cycle of death and uneasy amnesia ?
he saw shelley sitting by the bank and staring at this insane thing that spanned a lake for no good reason and he suddenly believed in it all , every last bit of it .
there was some kind of justice in that , but she was nt sure what because kurtz never really hurt anyone at all and his fantasy was harmless because he had never done anything to the bridge either , not that anything could apparently be done to the bridge being that there had been explosions on either side of it and they apparently missed the whole damned thing and it did nt make any sense unless you believed what gil said and then it made even less sense and then maybe the explosions had been on the bridge like it really seemed which was the only way this made any sense at all .
at too many services to count ewen had imagined the steel cords that held the display to the top of the dome snapping , the entire thing falling on top of the platform below .
sure thing , fred , tracy quipped .
they confiscated that thing two weeks ago .
you seriously want to touch that thing ?
she was just a little thing , a little girl with fine blonde haironly there were great empty patches on her scalp and her face looked like wax melting off a skull .
our place , man , it was flooded outbut not real deepme and mom , we waded down there to get some things .
i could barely see the damn thing in the moonlight .
i hit that thing with two arrows at one time and sent them in different directions .
and all i have to do is put this pointy thing right here into anything that crawls , runs or flies , and you ll be my personal servant for a week ?
polly , you have no idea how lethal i am with this thing .
as much as i do nt want this to happen to either of us , its a big moment , and we need to put this thing .
he may be the exact thing you need to finish the serum .
looking at the thing , mccoy was forced to admit that it worked pretty damn well .
john looked at the thing .
she had gone back to her place , packed a few things , and returned a short time later .
ill be back first thing in the morning , and i m going to try to put an end to this before anyone else gets hurt .
shoot that thing , dave !
i nearly peed my pants when that thing showed up .
she ran up to the table , the shotgun hanging over her shoulder by its strappy thing .
` ` i ' m not sure this thing even works . ''
but i still owed money on the bus cum camper , and there was no way i could let it be repossessed ; the damned thing 's filled with a sheepdog 's worth of hair from new england 's tastiest missing ladies .
` ` this thing you found , was it a kinda little devil lookin .
alec had watched several soldiers crawl up the thing already , and every time they neared the center the entire bridge bulged downward , flexing till he swore it would surely snap .
silver flames ignited around him while he struggled to free himself -- the many weapons hanging from his armor the only thing keeping him from harm , functioning as a weapon as well as a means of defense .
you / he / she would be stopped for a longer time certainly the possible in that place , he / she now knew to thing to inhale during those tedious days of country .
and then , if some problem rose , i now have my knife , and i immediately would put the things to place ! dark francois ` ` told face , for then to burst to laugh .
he / she did n't succeed in being convinced of thing it could have happened to the divine nymph ch'era been always dafne , acute and indomitable , free and without some limit that he / she forced her / it or that it did in way to force him to do something .
` ` scrotum of pig , is stupid or thing ?
` ` thing means ? it ` ` beat perplexed saint .
was thing ever fallen in the water ?
` ` yes , do i remember him / it to me , but does thing enter it now ?
he ordered her , approaching the point where the thing had landed .
how had that thing come in ?
i was unable to make myself touch the thing to resolve the issue one way or the other ; the best i could do was to keep my eyes off .
i spat the thing out , and was wrenched right over in a fit of coughing .
who knows thing had thought the head editor seeing her / it to him before with an elegant skirt , a black blouse of satin , the taken care of makeup and the stretched hair .
every thing to his / her time .
` ` a big to sneeze , here is thing makes to be this disgusting ! ''
what does n't it ever put the things to place ?
a window , here is of thing had need .
just that the idea : if nothing had told herself , thing would ever have had to tell him ?
was of thing speaking ?
it allowed to distract , as if it looked for a pretext to forget where it was , thing did you .
here thing i looked for : only a story that shouted the anger of the correct one .
from the morning to now to wonder himself / herself / themselves thing had happened and now finally to fall i set him the whole plebeian repugnance of the life .
this time she would make sure the damn thing came out of the wall .
stupid thing ca nt hold a charge for more than a few hours .
the ring was the only thing of her mothers that alma still owned .
we want to puff you up a little , you skinny thing .
then we can head out first thing in the morning , said stephen .
remember that shitty old thing ?
do nt go with that thing !
creepy and atmospheric , the legend of hell house is the perfect thing to watch in the middle of a sleepless night .
there was little enough to do , at first , but when she started looking she found things shed let slide : the cluttered toolshed , her indoor garden , the frayed hems of her clothing .
least you ca nt tell what he s on about in that thing .
she fired until she felt the thing relax and then took her weight away .
well come back tomorrow with cap , burn this thing to the water .
what s the best thing in here ?
why d you walk all the way back with that thing in your leg ?
i just wanted to grab that thing and break it over his dumb head , like shut uuup !
been through the wringer , poor thing .
ok , put that thing on .
she grimaced with her tongue out and held the evil thing away at arms length , waving her other hand in front of her face .
without its history , here , this cursed thing is just a harmless circle of gold .
what s the best thing in the kitchen , daniel ?
you just put the thing in the thing and pull the trigger , man .
you just put the thing in the thing and pull the trigger , man .
i thought i told you to quit fooling around with that thing .
he bit into a gooey looking thing and she wished they had n't taken her cell phone .
the bigger older one everyone called scar , because of the numerous knife wounds he 'd gotten that made his face look like a nightmarish patchwork of skin , held a long piece of metal in both hands and said , i ' m gon na shove that thing you 're holding up yer ass .
if you stab him with that thing it would be murder .
( twisto would have loved it ) rikert did n't have time to dwell on who would purchase such a thing , other than possibly the addam 's family .
the crowd roared laughter until twisto asked , how do i know you ' ve got bullets for that thing ?
i still ca n't believe you brought that damn thing out here .
this thing blows .
he had his phone out and was using the camera thing to take a video of the fat guy .
the fat kid starts puking on the light pole but did n't see the access plate thing on the metal pole was missing .
but if the missing ice agents or illegals are n't alive what was the point in using the dumb thing , he wondered before climbing back down to the horse .
keep this damn thing steady !
is there room to land this thing down there ?
land this damn thing now !
now then , the murder weapon was similar to this thing , the detective said picking up a long butcher 's knife .
i plan on contacting your superiors first thing in the morning .
though so tired he felt ready to embrace death , lebeouf managed to lift the only thing he had to use as a weapon ; the oxygen tank .
come , unclean thing .
that squiggly thing does n't look anything like an s !
most of them lived in public housing or apartments and commuted on buses to work in surrounding bigger cities , the captain said , then paused to listen to the howling sounds before adding , get this thing out of second gear and punch the gas pedal .
get this damn thing going faster !
she saw the small metal thing clatter to the pavement near her torn and maggot - infested feet and stopped to pick it up .
there was nt anyone in that thing , was there ?
he decided right there and then , that if he actually managed to make it out of this hellish grotto in one piece , he was going to personally bitch slap that lanky fucking scientist into oblivion for creating such a thing .
remember clayton i have friends in high places also , and i have a list longer than your belt , of names , places and times , where you have been dipping that tiny fat thing you call a penis into unlucky tarts that have had the misfortune of having to service that rancid bulk of yours .
how do you switch the bloody thing on ?
charles asked , immediately leaving the desk and striding over towards the thing which he thought looked like nothing more than a wall cupboard .
this thing plugged in right ?
such a strange thing to sell on a world where everyone 's enhanced .
chapter 6 : groundwork he ran down to the convenience store on the corner first thing in the morning for a pack of dorals .
everything disappeared as the thing slid surely into place .
the silly fucker had an alarm ( i could almost guess the company ) but like a lot of people who felt the sign in the front yard was enough , he did nt take the time to turn the goddamn thing on .
i already figured the damn thing would be unlocked too ; this guy should have sent me a goddamn invitation .
everything imaginable and not one fucking thing i could use .
i figured the damn thing probably held over a hundred pounds of water , ice , beer , fish , whatever the hell you needed .
i hunched down at one end and put a shoulder to it , closing my eyes and straining with everything i had to get that damn thing moving .
i intended on going to the greyhound station on florida boulevard first thing in the morning but lost the nerve .
he had the thing set up directly behind his parents house at such an angle from the street that no one could see it , at least not until you d left the drive , but not many people did because of the firearms and dogs .
the goddamn thing was still warm , still breathing of death .
that something turned out to be soup and bread , the best goddamn thing i think i ve ever had before or since .
i wished i d hung the damn thing up but that would have been potential suicide if someone was laying for me .
no big deal ; neither of us had ever used the thing when i lived there , and i doubted he started after i left .
well , i made the sandwich and ate the damn thing without even tasting it .
he said he d be at my place within the hour to pick up the girls things and i said okay .
when i sleep i m a bank vault ; i wake up and its as if things froze in place while i ve been down .
she wanted to find the perfect thing to wear .
the pressure he put on the whole thing was annoying .
she would turn the thing on , close her eyes , and wait until she came .
you can start gathering up the wolves in randalls pack first thing tomorrow .
isabel stopped , but i took one more step , testing to see what the thing would do .
there had to be something at the end of this place , but it just kept going without a thing to hide or shelter him .
he had nt ever heard of anyone who d read the whole thing , maybe his grandfather sure , but he was old , older than the old man at the fair .
the chrome plating made it an ugly thing .
he blinked and the thing was gone ; he snorted , and entered his building , putting the experience down to tiredness and too many weird conversations heard on the train home .
` ` i told you not to bring that thing on missions , '' she said as she joined them all .
dead set in the middle of a large forest , someone decided to construct what could only be called a ' compound ' ; a few - acre - square of concrete with huge , unscalable walls around the whole thing .
( note : today is not my birthday ) ' i assumed the only thing she could possibly wish to show me on an abandoned floor was something usually covered up in polite society , so i rsvp 'd ' yes please ! '
if only because every man dreams of playing with a thing that literally launches rockets .
why is this prick of a thing never on the floor i want ? ''
i 'd encourage the thing for showing passion .
they 're a floor below that thing !
the cameras do n't cover half of the whole thing ; we do n't bother to replace or fix them when they die this high up . ''
i did n't dare swing the door of the thing open because of severe arachnophobia , but i peered in through the glass for as long as my stomach allowed .
contracts , sick notes , that sort of thing .
he wanted us to head outside , where there could be lord - knows - what , to a hypothetical helicopter that if we even managed to find the frigging thing and get it airborne , would certainly crash and burn , turning us into a chargrilled snack for the zombies to nibble .
we exchanged glances ; mine asked him to take care with that thing .
` ` only used for the filing system , that thing , '' nelson said .
it 's possibly broken and no one knows how to fix the infernal thing .
flickers of blue shot out , and he dropped the whole thing in shock .
i could n't recall such a thing tacked to the building but then , i 'd never paid that much attention .
the thing had a beak , sort of like a parrot but squashed , like someone had hit a parrot with a shovel .
the thing was on wheels , which helped , but the controls could n't have been less useful if they were transcribed into gaelic and painted on the wings of a skittish bird .
getting the thing in place was a mess of trial , error and the dumbest luck we could summon .
` ` i ' m not throwing myself on to this thing if it 's moving .
he gave us two thumbs up and slumped against the side , causing the thing to gently sway as we passed the eighth floor .
occasionally the thing would stutter and jerk , or stall briefly , reminding us that our lives depended on whatever mechanical wizardry held the winch in place .
a mop - looking thing was forced to face gravity 's wrath next because it had fallen over and hit her when she picked up the box .
the fun buggy thing was nice , but excluding the ability to actually get off the bastard at any point other than the roof felt like a gigantic misstep , a design flaw on par with lining a male sex toy with sandpaper and razorblades .
stuart stabilised her as i convinced her that getting off the damned thing was infinitely better than staying on .
the thing hit me in mid - air .
and there 's a big chunk of your stupid green jumper thing stuck on a twig . ''
` ` that 's well and good , '' he retorted , more snot than a flu epidemic , ` ` but i ' m wearing my ' stupid green jumper thing ' and it 's perfectly intact .
` ` oh my , '' said stuart , catching a glimpse of the thing a blink before i did .
` ` where does this thing go ? ''
she walked to the only thing of note in the corridor ; a door near the end .
he hurried nelson into the darkened room first , waving the thing across every inch of his body .
i ' m not up - to - date with the other projects so the fact that these things are all softer than a bag of shite may be a coincidence but , the clones ... well , they never leave this place ... '' ` ` one definitely did .
the thing barely reacted .
the thing struggled and screeched until i tossed it down the tunnel , into the path of a white - suited clone tip - toeing through the mess .
` ` i thought it 'd open something or ... something ... '' ` ` why did you think putting a child 's toy medal thing into a hole in a bit of wall would do something ?
the thing , he reckoned , was second hand .
keypad thing ! ''
shooting that thing was satisfying as hell and birthed a huge , delighted grin on my moronic face .
brute force gave us a space wide enough to squeeze through , defeating the mechanism , though the bastard thing slammed shut again as soon as we let go .
stuart guessed that if we were to get any magic out of the thing , the buttons or keys that sparked it up lived in there .
not a bit locked , not ' oh , the door is shaking a bit , bolted from the other side ' kind of locked ; no , this thing was n't giving a millimetre .
` ` put that fucking thing down , will you ?
he dropped the thing into the trash can , then sat back down and tried to ignore the snickers coming from the other side of the cubicle wall .
reginald looked at the thing in his hand as if he d never seen it before .
he bounced the thing on the palm of his hand .
but this time , instead of putting his face in his hands and quietly throwing the thing away , he stood up .
the saloon was the only thing booming , and not with wedding business .
yes , poor thing .
please , imorbis , can you tell me what in the dead hell this thing is before we are both buried in sand ?
will someone get me a mage to rid us of this thing !
fearing any lingering programs , they did nt dare power the thing up without bestowing it with a fully sentient artificial mind one they could trust thereby knowing for certain it would nt turn against them and slaughter them all .
it was the kind of thing that might save a guy his civil service paycheck ...
so , nobody has ever read the thing ?
that sort of thing did nt last long in evidence lockers .
i just want you to know that me and my crew are workin on it and i ve just about got this thing wired in and so from now on , the lights should never go completely out again .
i m gon na drive on in tonight and when i get to the office tomorrow , well put this thing on the market and then its hasta la vista to this son of a bitch .
they grabbed their things and headed down the steps to the delivery area on the lower floor .
` ` you do n't know how grateful i am that you 're so good with that thing . ''
` ` i hope this thing dries before we get back to paradise village . ''
` ` just get him the stupid thing ! -- or we 'll end up having to carry him ! ''
i ve typed most of this from the toilet in the clean room , and just staying on the thing makes the room spin , which only makes me more nauseous , and brings the vomiting back that much quicker .
and i told you not to talk- not that you can , because that was the other thing i gave you , a paralytic agent .
no , i have nt forgotten your heart , but honestly , why would you want that old thing ?
it was a little thing , a child 's music box , placed in just the right way over one of the vents that its shriek had wailed through the climber , resonating at exactly the right frequency to disrupt the broken nanotubes .
` ` what was that ... thing you tried to put in me ? ''
zap all of us with that thing ?
the damn thing just had four bars .
the whole thing felt like a science fiction novel .
they could nt get out of the lobby alivenot with that thing right there .
i do nt know how to use this thing .
he d never gotten around to getting her a concealed carry permit because , as far as he knew , she never took the damn thing with her anyway .
you should have known that i would need that stupid thing when the world ended .
ill get aids if i go anywhere near that thing .
where the hell did you get that thing ?
i want to see what this leather thing is .
he knew she would ask for the damn thing as soon as she woke up .
you re such a bad ass with that thing , lance said .
lets see if we can steer this thing down the river a ways .
what are you planning to do with this ... john said pointing his finger at the patient corpse , ... thing ?
i needed to get a hold of this thing .
such a pretty thing , he says , pressing his lips on my wrist .
it had taken some creativity and some manoeuvring to get things into place and functioning smoothly , but she had tackled the problem head on and come up with solutions .
when ryan took possession of the land , the only thing on it was an old , falling down pole barn .
it was the last thing she ever saw him in , and it was the thing he was going to be wearing when they were together again .
it was the last thing she ever saw him in , and it was the thing he was going to be wearing when they were together again .
apparently , everyone also watched the thing fall from the sky .
he thinks its a big mistake bringing this thing there , but we both know , that it needs to be done .
her assistant , a mousy little thing whose name no one could ever remember , followed her closely .
i forgot what i was going to say for a moment , while i wondered what that green and fuzzy thing was on the side of his nose .
you hack the thing and run !
i have to admit , i could not remember how i had gotten the thing from my grave and into the office with me .
stupid plant , i muttered , thinking of all the things that had been jabbed into me of late ; it was the least painful , both to my body and my heart .
there s no such thing ; its ridiculous to think one shot can do all that .
at the best of times , it was a major effort to close the thing , which is why we left it open , and why the bar was nearly covered in vegetation .
i cracked it open and ate the whole thing down without a breath .
if that thing gets out , were all dead .
she grabbed a wicked looking machete type thing with a sheath that could hang on her belt .
the only thing you ve gotten is down to your brassiere and panties .
god , you poor thing !
metal wheels screeched against the tile floor in protest of the speed i was pushing , and i hoped val did nt fly off the thing as we took the corners .
how could this ... this thing have been a human ?
clean that thing off !
let me tell you something , little miss thing , zombies do nt discriminate , and they ll i tuned her out , glanced at the sunset , and picked up a glock 26 gen4 from the mantel for jackie .
the stupid thing seemed stumped as to why he could nt pass through the transparent glass wall .
the only thing that kept us safe from them for the time being was a towering sheet of glass .
help me roll this thing down the stairs , he said .
i knew if the thing broke my skin , i d be in as much trouble as val .
i said , wondering why the thing would nt cooperate .
for a moment , i thought she might be sick , but instead of showing fear , she broke nicks grip and jumped out of the jeep , yelling , you touch me with that thing and you re a dead man .
i thought if i could take a peek under the hood , maybe we could figure it out together and get the thing up and running again .
ca nt you just hotwire this thing ?
if we could only divert them to the back of the semi , i could move toward the front and see if i can slip into the driver seat and try to hotwire this thing .
if not , its the closest thing we do have .
in any other situation , the action would have been cool to watch but the fence was the only thing keeping the zombies out of the yard and away from the tree that supported our sanctuary .
are you really going to release this thing ?
its the only thing that fits .
yes , brine said , still squinting at the thing in the riverbed , his mind a buzz with activity .
he could nt see much , but he knew the thing in the mud was no sarcophagus , not unless it was used to house the body of a titan , and not unless it had been constructed of a shiny black wood of which brine had never heard .
in fact , had the thing been hollowinstead of packed full withwell , whatever it was packed full withhe could have squatted down and waddled straight through it .
he did nt want to take his eyes from the creepy thing before him , but he could nt help but look north , could nt help but see if anything else was floating down the river of sludge on this hot and sweltering day .
that s great , brine groaned , not bothering to look , but did you see the ends of this thing ?
what the thing lacked by the way of visual esthetics , it more than made up for with regard to scent .
he wondered , as well , if he d been wrong to keep the wretched thing .
he remembered reets and mums , and everyone else at the coronation , wrestling the thing over his head , and he remembered thinking , just you wait !
ill have this thing off my neck so fast !
if the old man was nt upset about where the thing stood , or how the thing was standing , what else could there be ?
if the old man was nt upset about where the thing stood , or how the thing was standing , what else could there be ?
and ran the tip of his finger around the edges of the thing .
whatever this deceiver wasthis thing that could see without being seenit felt like the creature was directly above him .
this an ugly thing , he said , still not knowing if it was ugly because of the damage or because of the way it had been made .
where the tongues were long and straight and tapered , this thing was bent at its middle and the same diameter from one end to the other .
that imagery gave him an idea and he began to wonder if the thing could be a tongue that had gone bad , an albino tongue or merely a dead place in the canopy .
from far back on the left , one of the men answered for him , telling the others that he thought the thing overhead was the arm of an ugling .
an from the sounda this thing , he thought , it might take two .
oh , fancy , ifn you take this thing down fore i can the outline of horse and rider smeared passed again and reets glared at it , almost missing the blood pudding creature as it lumbered after the steed and nearly crushed him in the sway .
it went on like this for quite some time , the melted things leaping from the grass , jaysh jerking back an arm or legclompthe melted things sinking out of sight , jaysh thrusting his weapon at the empty shadows , always backpedalling , always spinning to check his rear .
he needed to pry the thing from his body .
the rock - on - rock grinding was coming straight from the thing , and there was nothing else rising up in that direction .
he lay there in the feather grass and stared dazedly at the old man , still trying to cope with the fact that serit had gathered up his things and still wondering why the squeamish old coot would try to examine a wound he obviously did nt want to see .
serit body language suggested that he had been handed a childs play thing and asked to explain its use , but he hid any petulance he was feeling as he said , as you wish , young jaysh .
the thing in the middle of the sand looked like an enormous upside - down spike , the flat of the thing resting on the horizon , the tip of the thing rising to poke the sky .
the thing in the middle of the sand looked like an enormous upside - down spike , the flat of the thing resting on the horizon , the tip of the thing rising to poke the sky .
the thing in the middle of the sand looked like an enormous upside - down spike , the flat of the thing resting on the horizon , the tip of the thing rising to poke the sky .
he still did nt see any dots milling about the thing , or even the orange flare of a campfire , but he knew the lathians had to be there .
there was something manmade about the thing , something about it that just screamed , hewn from stone !
he rolled over on his side and let his breathing slow , thinking about his second visit to the bottoms and the thing he d found at its rim , the thing that was nt a dead goat and an ugling .
he rolled over on his side and let his breathing slow , thinking about his second visit to the bottoms and the thing he d found at its rim , the thing that was nt a dead goat and an ugling .
then the thing gave beneath his weight and the stuff he d stepped on became the stuff he d stepped in , engulfing the side of his sandal and three of his toes .
are you tellin me , he said , you had us find this thing fer nothing ?
he already knew what it waswhat it had to bebut he wanted to see the thing before he moved much closer .
as he was so fond of saying , to those who were foolish enough to ask , you just could nt get rid of the thing .
after a few more steps , he could see that , whatever the thing was , it was much too wide for him to leap across .
shoot the banning thing !
she scanned the rear of the thing for legs and saw something like an ivory shoal of sand peeking up from the water .
what if this thing only comes up every five r six moon cycles ?
he dropped his eyes to the generals hip and nodded at the thing dangling there .
sighing ruefully , she lifted the ball to her chest and took one final look , opening her fingers and spreading her palm and nearly dropping the thing as the phosphorescent green finally rose to catch her eye .
it belonged to the colonial overseers , to a class of people who were filthy rich , and this , he stabbed a finger at the glow stone , this is the sort of thing you find in the walls of filthy rich people .
the thing was colorless and veined , as the melted biters had been , but the imitation of a drowning catfish was undeniable .
the thing lit up like a living candle , which was as he expected .
that thing packs a wallop , and i would n't want to have to plug up the holes you put in me with strips of your sweaters .
still got an extremely large diesel generator inside , lights work , working boiler , whole thing , and they got three pews from somewhere they drug up there and but mostly fold out chairs all lined up and , after some pleasantries and all , we took out seats and waited like everyone else .
up on this pedestal , was this five tier stair - step display standkind of thing the missus would put plants on , you know ? cept here each row is heads .
and next thing , the pastors kid is right next to this thing and leaning in to hear better , and he s kinda toeing it with his sneaker , you know , trying to get it over on its back for a better look .
wants to touch this thing .
as i picked up the wet , sticky lump from my deck , i realized i had already come to the conclusion i was not alone and whoever was out there had left this thing for me .
i grabbed the thing on the deck and hurried back into my camper , all the while telling myself i was being unreasonable , yet hurrying all the more , like when i turned off the light and jumped into bed when i was a kid .
once in the light , i could see that the thing i had retrieved was cloth of some kind .
the only thing on the deck was a gas grill and four chairs that me and the guys used for lunch each day .
if the shovel was not there when you descended the deck and made your nocturnal visit to inspect things down by the worker 's campers , and the thing was not present when moments later i stood practically on top of it , yet it was surely in its present placement by the time that you returned from your inspection walk , it can only be assumed that whoever moved the shovel there did so in the span of only a few brief minutes between my being on the deck and your returning to it .
it was the only thing i had that worked .
did this thing have that kind of power ?
it amazed me that i did , but i actually was getting a picture of how this thing worked .
the office was the only thing that was untouched .
that thing is huge .
once we get out i want to set up some of the scientific gear that s on this thing and i will set out the missile launcher and a few missiles , we can see how they react them .
i have a better idea , how hard would it be to mount that big machine gun to the back of the this thing ?
he noticed one thing that he might be able to use .
shadows distort the shapes , making it difficult to see , but its still pretty obvious that the thing is pip .
poor thing , ria says in an undertone , once pip is settled in her room .
it was embarrassing to think he could not control himself with this thing .
i could nt carry you to the boat , and probably could nt drive the thing anyway .
he looked at the baffles and flues and jets and wondered how the hell the thing would ever work in the first place .
then she remembered the things that rose from the ground .
its full light still , and i ve got enough lead in this thing to cut down a tree .
she imagined the thing floating into the room .
in the time he d been working for the cleaning company , he d grown to hate the damned thing .
emily just sew the damn thing up and pour me some whisky .
groggy , hung - over , and bad tempered , he snarled into the thing , monroe here , what ?
its ridiculous you do nt know what you have to do to break the damn thing .
bet ten people could sleep in this thing .
the scar on his thigh rawlins inflicted , the only thing remaining as a reminder of the sacrifice .
you can keep that ugly thing , but do nt let brenda see it .
she had her candles and shit , even this thing that looked like a goats head if the ritual works , we can all walk out of here young again .
and patrick was playing one of the pianos , a jazzy thing , and he sang to it .
` ` i 'd take a look at the damned thing , '' i confessed .
his eyes wandered over the corners of the enigmatic thing before he passed it to her , but he said nothing .
i did n't do a damned thing to that woman . ''
cyrus briefly left us to speak with a group , and when he did , roland whispered to me , ` ` if you want to survive , you wo n't go telling cyrus to do a damned thing to that box , '' he said .
then again , maybe the damned thing twitched .
` ` if you want to survive , you wo n't go telling cyrus to do a damned thing to that box , '' roland had said .
i ' ve already told you , i think you should burn the damned thing . ''
the lengths he had to go through to get the thing out there must have been extraordinary .
` ` if there 's anyone in the world that can burn the damned thing , it 's you .
if there ever was a place where these things were destroyed , '' i looked about the white home again , ` ` this is it . ''
there are tables on the ground level filled with people in all manner of sexual release , and i look at them in the midst of this sex like they are animals , until the largest thing in the room catches my eye .
she had plans : places to go , things to buy .
she pulled herself up in bed and turned the evil alarm clock off instead of punching it , hardthe damned thing had cost her twenty - three ninety - five , plus tax .
i asked what was the ... most chic thing she had for a girl your age .
then gently she pulled the special sauce gooped polo shirt off over her head , and holding it out in front of her for a moment of contemplation , she pressed her foot down on the pedal of the small , lidded trashcan and tossed the thing in , letting the metal lid drop with an emancipating clang .
even the next day the thing smelled like heaven , and as she took a bite it tasted just as good ... no , better than it had the night before .
lucy had watched a law & order or two , and since her father had been a high class lawyer , the five hundred dollars an hour kind , shed picked up a thing or two just being around him .
ill run through the minutes on this thing in no time .
it was by far the brightest thing in the room , and just looking at it filled lucy with an odd sense of triumph .
actually , he had nt even told the whole truth of the tattoo to delia and shed seen the real thing , not just a picture .
what the hell did you do to that thing ?
he slid the knife into the thin , lacey sheath and then gently took lucys arm and tied the thing to her forearm .
that thing did nt just melt into me , did it ?
god , she hated the ugly thing .
soft brown high - heeled boots , a flounced granny skirt and some sort of ribbon thing in pink and white lace .
what could have happened to the pretty little thing ?
must ve dropped it at the foot of this thing .
but if you doif i change and come at you , lacey , please , please do not hesitate to stick it herehe indicated his left eyeits the only thing will stop me .
damned thing .
with a frowning smirk , shed yanked on the tooth , hoping to rip the ugly thing from his throat .
as soon as she escaped through the door , the damned thing whacked her in the ass , locking itself behind her .
you ever hear that damned thing scream ?
that is certainly an odd thing to call uncle conway 's farmhouse , thought lucinda .
chapter eight sofia bustled into the empty dining room carrying the huge , heavy chafing dish that was the only thing available to serve soup from .
i could n't open the stubborn thing . ''
` ` i wonder how he can see to drive with that thing , '' sofia muttered and josie shrugged in response .
` ` silly thing , '' she said .
it has to be some trick of that thing !
why else steal the damned thing ?
i screamed as i yanked my hand from the circle - shaped spiked clamped - like thing hanging from the ceiling .
oh , you poor , poor thing , i gasped , tears blurring my vision .
as terrys concentration held , so did the coffee , and after 90 seconds the thing was dead .
it looked like the most paranoid thing on earth .
whoa man , watch where you put that thing , terry reacted .
lathering her hair , she decided , in spite of her pride , in spite of what she had said to him yesterday , that she would call terry first thing after she finished showering .
terry looked down at the thing in his hand .
on that thing .
into that thing , then , terry pointed at the room in the middle .
he looked for a weak point , something he could shoot to bring the whole thing crashing down .
that thing hurts like hell and causes bleeding , but its not a quick killer , alan chimed in .
he could nt shake the thing off , the nails digging deeper as the pain got more unbearable .
star command , i ve been fighting this damn thing for the past hour and it looks like i m going have to set x-1 down on one of these small planets to get a look at her thrusters .
when i first saw this thing i was reminded of a toy from my childhood .
for a few brief moments they both stared at the thing in silence then the old man donned his spectacles and leaned over to study it more closely .
tomorrow would be here quick enough , and i knew i could get a better look at the thing in the light of day , so i retired to my bed .
the sound that slimy thing made when the eye popped outoh yummydamn tasty if i do say so myself !
no , the thing that had done that sat in a corner on a short wooden crate of dynamite .
the plan had been three months in the making , a deal worked out with vincent and two slot monkeys who could nt win a bet with an inside tip on a sure thing .
what the hell is that thing supposed to mean ?
it was an amazing work of art , but the snakes exquisite detail escaped angelos mindful eye and was perceived by his imagination which could nt help but notice just how much the damn thing looked like a question mark .
if only he had nt hit that damn thing he might have been able to shimmy up the well , even with a broken rib .
that s if he could load the gun before ghost got back , not to mention if the blessed thing would fire .
to neville , it was the most novel and futuristic thing on the place .
instead of later in the day , today he booted up his computer first thing that morning , after a breakfast of fish .
lets see that thing turn on now .
the irony is i hardly ever look at the thing these days .
my safe is another thing he helped me install a few years back .
it looked like the most deserted thing on the face of the planet .
the instagrow tree , a crappy little thing , had been replaced with a real one , just for that year .
i had my new i d in my back pocket ; i had nt even looked at the thing .
he wore a one - piece frock thing , in brown and gold , belted at the waist , but something just looked out of place .
this thing said there were hundreds .
i had never made a fire before and it was not as easy as the movies would like you to think it was , but i finally got the thing going .
they pay my fucking bills and that thing on stage right now is my biggest money maker and i m not about to have people start walking outta here because of some fucking freakshow !
thank god for this thing .
ron peeked from behind the hood , what , that old thing ?
we got ta get this thing outta her .
the thing busted all the way through finally revealing itself .
you saw that thing angel ; whatever the fuck it was .
throw that thing in the back of your truck .
shell take one later before she heads over to cherrybombs and bids her farewell to jack and the outhouse , ( the only thing she wo nt miss from the raunchy strip club ) .
he had an eerie feeling about the room , like some invisible terror was looming over it , putting things in place , preparing .
she heard pauls voice when he told her that he thought she would like to feel the real thing and that using fake knives on stage was for pussies .
he lunge the shiny metallic thing into her vagina .
i did nt really think about it when i bought the thing .
and how did the thing get up here ?
that is probably the only thing i have in my possession that is from my past .
i am sick of looking at the same thing over and over .
i dropped that thing like a hot cake .
he uploaded the entire thing onto the internet , with the simple title the testament of michael .
i may regret this , simone thought as she ate the whole thing .
it was a scrawny thing , on its last legs , but rod bought it .
his cellphone rang , and for a moment he was confused at the ringtone , a twilight zone - sounding thing .
in his hands he was holding something , every now and then he brought that thing to his red red lips and nibbled on it .
and what s with the bitten thing ?
she , too , was nothing more than a dead thing zeroing in on a human voice .
how much gas in that thing ?
i ca nt believe the damn thing had keys in it .
and the whole thing was set back a hundred yards from the road , enough to offer privacy , and afford them a warning should anyone approach from the road .
the things hanging from your trees .
those frilly green things you were reaching into .
this thing was dehydrated before it hit the water .
there were no lights on , but he could still see the newness of the thing .
the thing i have to climb over to get through the door ?
electric motor , gears and sprockets ; the thing could break down .
he pulled the thing out of the mud and held it as the rain washed the soil away .
the thing was almost a foot long from end to end with two sharp edges .
probably some sears and roebuck thing from the thirties .
give me that thing .
he looked around at the trees surrounding them and began to see things he had missed in his panic .
the dried up thing ?
* * * the metallic thing was poking out from underneath toms t - shirts and flick wondered what he could be keeping in there .
they ll scrub the whole thing .
the thing had worked its way out .
he had seen things in the tree when he looked at it .
jamila slipped the greasy thing into the bottle and re - corked it .
a needle - like thing began probing at his face .
the whole thing radiated a feeling of wrongness that almost made him want to crawl back into the cistern .
` ` then we 'll drop this thing off at the lab and you can come home with me .
it was sitting on a pile of lumber and the damn thing started shooting nails everywhere .
it disappeared and she swore the thing sucked down each and every drop .
i hate the smell of this thing !
if aunt caroline is truly in that thing and not on a flight home , then anything should be able to go into it .
coulda knocked a brick wall down with that thing of his . '
the door opened with mrs granger , resplendent in a black , lacy , full length sleeping thing , stepping outside .
i need to talk to mrs granger first thing . '
trust is a hard thing to come by these days . ''
opened the trunk and got his things out .
samuel shifted in the flimsy chair , struggling momentarily to keep the spindly thing from going over .
they have a problem with their whirly - bird but your supplies will be ready first thing in the morning .
that is , if he could ever find the fucking thing in the first place .
` ` i did n't see a fucking thing at all last night .
the vine gave a few inches under his weight but it was the texture of the thing that caused goosebumps to sprout like weeds along his backbone .
the damn thing was over fifteen feet long and weighed at least two hundred fifty pounds .
he simply could not pull the whole thing out of the water , did nt want to either .
it was the funniest - looking thing ever .
this is the other thing i had salvaged from the cop car .
you have a place where i can go shoot this thing , or should i start looking for targets here in this room ?
her hair was blonde and curly , and she wore some kind of baby - blue old - fashioned frock - looking thing , like they wore in those old movies my dad liked to watch .
plus , how did the thing fall in the first place ?
what is this thing you want me to find ?
it was the only thing the light from the staging area illuminated .
stick that thing out far enough , somebodys gon na grab it and throw it in their grocery cart .
this thing had grown at least two feet in the last few seconds .
as if someone had spilled coffee or soda there on the sidewalk instead of this hideous thing melting there .
i was almost hit by a falling limb while digging that thing out of the ground .
she is just a fragile little thing .
she should have thought of that herself before she began packing every godforsaken thing she could lay her hands on .
such a little thing , really , no more than a hole cut in the ceiling .
even though she knew absolutely nothing about electrical work other than screwing in light bulbs , that damn thing was coming down .
he d read the goddamn thing sitting right there in the chair in the confidence room .
everything was normal , not a thing out of place .
the thing was almost out now .
then the thing fell short and swung back and forth from a thick strand of silk , twirling around and around .
he said incredulously ; the thing was huge .
jump straight through the damn thing if you have to and just go , go , go ! !
water ran off the thing and patsy looked at the foot of the ladder as the puddle grew out to the walls .
it d be a cold day in hell before he d ever even touch that thing again .
the damn thing must have been twenty feet high .
picked up a stained coffee mug , washed it out , then filled it again with tap water and chugged the whole thing down .
yeah , it had been a brand new pack this morning ; now it was eleven oclock and the damn thing was almost empty .
she looked down at the thing she held in her hands and ran a finger lightly over the top .
there was no information on the other side : no date , not even where the thing had been developed .
the damn thing looked real .
she screamed again , yanking up on the handle and shouldering the rusty old thing back into its rut in the grass .
marlo always made the same fucking thing .
cool water was edging into his work boot by the time he finally got the damn thing to let go and when it did he jerked it back violently , leaving the shop key in the lock .
it d be just his luck the goddamn thing would fall out into the mud and he d have to spend the next half hour panning through to find the motherfucker .
because to the best of her knowledge shed never owned such a thing .
and oddly enough , this mans wife had died under mysterious circumstances not long before he sold the thing and moved away .
tried to pull down the blinds on that thing .
surely he did nt intend to brain her with that thing out here in front of all these people in the middle of the day .
thinking she heard the tortured breathing of the ones following she threw herself against the door , working the knob with her slippery hand and praying whoever lived there was not in the habit of locking the damn thing .
he sat and peered into its broken , dark depths , his mind as black and dead as the thing he stared into .
used the handkerchief to open it because he knew the dusting crew would be all over this thing just as soon as he reported it .
shovels , garden rakes , hoes , all these things coming to light .
for a few seconds ned had no reply , then trudy making light of the comment ( which in reality had rocked her to the core , before she 'd regained her composure , praying that ned had not spotted her for what she was and was only making some light hearted remark or daft joke ) said : ` ` what on earth you going on about now , you daft thing '' .
slowly the strange thing began to shrink down , once more becoming the handbag that trudy had dropped , though inside a wriggling could still be seen .
on a cold dark winters night , a speeding truck , driven by a driver half asleep and wanting to finish his shift and get back home as quick as possible , racing to make a last delivery to the tremwell supermarket so that the daily shoppers would have their fruit and vegetables first thing this morning , just was n't quick enough to slam on his brakes in time as a young lad stepped out into the intense bright light .
he placed the whole rotten thing in his mouth .
i purchased the book , elements of style , and as soon as i returned home i read the thing cover to cover .
this mirror was the only thing in my life .
but i do nt remember the damn thing hitting the surface of the planet .
his gun is nt the only thing that looks old .
the design of the thing is nt too far removed from old oil rigs from back on earth .
where did you find that thing by the way ?
i secretly hope we find a way to get that thing off for him .
then you can fix the damn thing ?
i m going to fly the damn thing there and just take my chances .
ill fly this thing there and mine for the gas myself or something .
those were more basic than this , this thing has flight intelligence , probably an auto pilot too , and i m confident that i can get it going .
i must have been the loudest thing around .
then i fly a rig all the way here with nothing but experience gained in a simulator , crash the damn thing right into the dirt , traverse across a desert , escape the snapping jaws of creatures i though long extinct , climbed a precarious vine up a slippery rock face , nearly drowned in a babbling river since i messed up and jumped in , only to start seeing ghosts in the thick mist in this claustrophobic and dense cave .
you love this thing .
this thing is never going to work .
i struggle to remember , even though i m trying as hard as i can to , whether or not those things had stopped being the norm by the time this thing was built .
that s how the ones on the rig felt , even though i did nt get much chance to touch them before i crashed the damn thing .
without this garish and lets face it down right ugly thing , i would have been dead by now .
at least the damn thing came off !
its easy to forget this thing had come aground atop a snowy mountain when we were usually unsettlingly warm inside .
this thing could fall right out of the air if the track had split during impact !
i know the thing is likely electrical but that would have been powered by the first generation hyper drive , or at least a second generator attached to it somehow .
there was no rescue when this thing first launched .
the story is truly entertaining with the mystery , love and true spirit behind friendship.for horror and adventure lovers it may will prove a good deal prologue about prakhar vyas connect with prakhar vyas list of items chapter-1 c1 chapter-2 c2 chapter-3 c3 chapter-4 c4 chapter-5 c5 chapter-6 c6 chapter-7 c7 chapter-8 c8 chapter-9 c9 chapter-10 c10 chapter-11 c11 chapter-12 c12 chapter-13 c13 chapter-14 c14 chapter-15 c15 chapter-16 c16 by - prakhar satyendra vyas dedicated to - my sweet younger brother shrey ch-1 the story it was a very small room , not because of its small size but because of the large furniture kept in it which was extremely unique in itself.it was brightly polished with silky brown colour.the carvings were of ancient indian style making it look completely different from other things of least importance , the wall of the room was decorated with things that one generally does not see in today 's houses , a lions head followed by the usual two cross hanged guns of old style which direct to the point that the person sitting on the only chair of the room was in some way associated with the bleeding missions of army.the person seems to be quite old but was in accordance with the other old thing 's of the room.the door was a little bit open from which came the sound of someone climbing up the stairs.the old guy who was busy before , in writing something was now in an alert mode.the door suddenly shifted a little inside and there came a sweet childish voice , '' grandpa i hope you are not busy '' .
` ` thanks '' i said and lifted up my mountain bag which was the only thing that my father gave me when i was leaving for college .
` ` i asked him , because there was not a thing which i found in his hand .
` ` i considered the thing gravely , i was quite surprised at the name so i removed away the dried leaves , and there was written a date which was also strange october twenty forth nineteen ninety - eight .
` ` good , very good i am impressed and the next one that show piece near that box the thing which he was pointing at was quite small and was seeming to be difficult to undertook but i tried and got failed , but to my satisfactory it was quite close .
` ` shoot at that clock '' he was pointing to an old clock hung on the walls , farhan holded the thing tightly , moved it towards the clock and ' bang the clocks spring was coming out like tom and jerry .
` ` yes i am , i do n't like this thing but in our family all are from such occupation only and so .. ` ` so your father would have said you to come in it '' goku joined at behind .
` ` oh , yes every thing is fine '' i tried to bring a smile on my face .
` ` if this is the thing then i would like to say you thanku it 's the least i can do '' the man said .
` ` have your property '' he said and handed it to us , we gave a reading to that stuff , it was really very nice , we had not expected goku to give us such a great thing , every word was different from the usual one , little bit of comedy and a warm departure signal , all the things were looking as it they had been written by some great writer .
` ` you will move with the group of your rest of the friends only as their caretaker with artificial beards , moustaches , wigs ' and some more of these type of things , it will be really enjoyable , and now an important thing , '' we make ourselves more alert so that his each and every word fit 's in our mind , if we would have given so much attention in our classes then we would have been far apart from the rest .
mr ashlesh told me that the owner never allowed anyone in his life time to open this almirah , there was something important in that , more important than these things and the person who killed him was behind that thing only , sir asked him about that thing so many times but every time he refused to say anything , the person left these gold things there as it is and took the rest of the stuff which he needed . ''
mr ashlesh told me that the owner never allowed anyone in his life time to open this almirah , there was something important in that , more important than these things and the person who killed him was behind that thing only , sir asked him about that thing so many times but every time he refused to say anything , the person left these gold things there as it is and took the rest of the stuff which he needed . ''
mr ashlesh told me that the owner never allowed anyone in his life time to open this almirah , there was something important in that , more important than these things and the person who killed him was behind that thing only , sir asked him about that thing so many times but every time he refused to say anything , the person left these gold things there as it is and took the rest of the stuff which he needed . ''
the new thing was also very nice , it was crispy , and smooth '' so mr saruki what did you say about that villa is that really haunted or these people are making a fool of us . ''
` ` no he was not a person to be sad , he was more happy that day , said some jokes and then walked towards his almirah to get something , as he said this our ears got straight , '' he brought a napkin , dark black in colour with some white stripes if i remember rightly , he said me never to open it and handed me that thing , i was a child that time so there was a very keen feeling of the thing what was there in the napkin , but before i could reach my home the news spread that mr mountbatten has been killed , there established a fear in me that if i opened it then he will come to me and will give me punishment , so i never opened it , '' saruki stopped here .
i do n't know , i never asked his name , '' saruki said , he was a little bit frightened , '' if you can show us that thing , '' goku demanded .
` ` that 's your wish , go right now and bring that thing , we will have our lunch in that time , '' goku said and picked up a bite of it .
they re going to get a replacement first thing in the morning morning ?
hey , you never told me this thing was so hot .
you should try cleaning this thing once in a while .
uh , george , you got any more rockets for that thing ?
this is the coolest thing i have ever seen , billy said in amazement as he replaced the pistol in the metal clip and performed the magic trick again .
tell me , did that little vampire act make your tiny thing hard ?
he looked at billy , ca nt you learn to fly this thing just by touching it ?
you do know how to land this thing , right ?
seal the whole thing with concrete .
it was the only thing in the room i had nt investigated , and really , anything was better than waiting or wanting to die .
it seemed impossible to believe that nick had penned the entire thing .
what 's a pretty little thing like you doing out here ?
that is the best i can do , but we will have to be out of here first thing in the morning .
the damn thing could be round for all she cared about it .
it made a few swings with the weapon and i was pushed forward by the crowd , forcing it to drop the heavy thing in surprise .
dark red in colour , the cover thick leather with the title long ago worn off , it seemed such an innocent little thing , might be a family bible very carefully turned back the thick cover and opened it at the first page .
the cupboard was in reality a small room , chock - full of every kind of never - to - be - thrown - away ' useful thing you could think of , she found a small saw and a few yards of rope , and then could n't resist pulling open the drawers of a huge cupboard .
button continued , you closed the window to keep it in , and the poor little thing went mad , it flew all around the room before crashing into the window pane , and then it died .
richard was tired and grateful for the things that he had got , a fairly dry place to sleep , a fire and some food in his belly , it could be a lot worse he told himself , tomorrow i 'll move on .
was this the sort of thing his assistant read ?
this thing was beautiful but it was just a photograph .
lorz went into the kitchen and came up with the only thing with a blade long enough to conceivably inspire fear , a bread - knife .
after the keys the other thing would start up .
yang 's foot slipped backward off the edge , and he gripped the thing by its t - shirt .
taylor had taught me that you must have all the right pieces for the thing to come alive .
wow , that thing is enormousand beautiful .
sure thing , thomas replied .
that thing is over fifty years old - time to kiss it goodbye .
his duties consisted of an hourly walk through the building where he had never found a darn thing amiss .
stay dead you damn thing , he muttered , grinding the bug into a winged paste that quivered yet .
poor thing , sophia said .
well be back at it first thing .
he d go to throw the bait and sure enough , nine times outta ten that damn thing would hitch up in his back .
then it held the thing to its mouth and started making a god - awful amount of noise .
the damn thing did nt even pause when it got close , just streamrolled up and we both went down like a coupla scarecrows .
he held the little crying thing over his head and the crowd went wild .
one sight of the thing had been enough to throw the assembled men of science into a state of tense excitement , and they lost no time in crowding around him to gaze at the diminutive figure whose utter strangeness and air of genuinely abysmal antiquity hinted so potently at unopened and archaic vistas .
this thing , which seemed instinct with a fearsome and unnatural malignancy , was of a somewhat bloated corpulence , and squatted evilly on a rectangular block or pedestal covered with undecipherable characters .
he could not recall having seen the original of this thing except in his own dream bas - relief , but the outlines had formed themselves insensibly under his hands .
the crouching image with its cuttlefish head , dragon body , scaly wings , and hieroglyphed pedestal , was preserved in the museum at hyde park ; and i studied it long and well , finding it a thing of balefully exquisite workmanship , and with the same utter mystery , terrible antiquity , and unearthly strangeness of material which i had noted in legrasse 's smaller specimen .
he climbed interminably along the grotesque stone mouldingthat is , one would call it climbing if the thing was not after all horizontaland the men wondered how any door in the universe could be so vast .
i know a little of the principles of design , and i know this thing was not arranged on any laws of radiation , or alternation , or repetition , or symmetry , or anything else that i ever heard of .
the whole thing goes horizontally , too , at least it seems so , and i exhaust myself in trying to distinguish the order of its going in that direction .
as soon as it was moonlight , and that poor thing began to crawl and shake the pattern , i got up and ran to help her .
a black thing , turning over and over in the foaming waves , swept rapidly past .
the rent in the canoe was the only thing that seemed quite inexplicable ; and , after all , it was conceivable that a sharp point had caught it when we landed .
small things testified to the amazing influence of the place , and now in the silence round the fire they allowed themselves to be noted by the mind .
no , sir , that thing in the mask was never dr . jekyll -- god knows what it was , but it was never dr . jekyll ; and it is the belief of my heart that there was murder done . ''
this brought them to the fireside , where the easy - chair was drawn cosily up , and the tea things stood ready to the sitter 's elbow , the very sugar in the cup .
it was the usual style of thing ; a model lodging - house in marylebone , a door locked for several days , and a dead man in his chair when they broke in .
there was a bamboo table by his side , a fantastic thing , enriched with gilding and queer painted scenes , and on it lay a little pile of papers arranged and docketed as neatly as anything in mr . clarke 's office .
then he took out his watch , a great , old - fashioned german silver thing as big as a turnip and looked at it , with his eyebrows gathered together and a little impatient shrug of his shoulders .
impelled by some sort of fascination , i approached the sepulchre to see what it was and why such a thing stood alone in such a place .
after i 'd gotten what i needed at the hardware store , a lock bar for sliding windows and some animal repellant for the garden , i skipped over to the grocery store and picked up a few things .
i might just want to take a look inside the thing , and i was sure there were no lights .
that space needs filling and i have just the thing for it !
always in such a hurry when did you get this thing anyway ?
you know how he feels about the damned thing .
the damned thing nearly killed her .
right behind the soft - spoken thing was a tall , lean figure covered in a stained rotting shroud .
we had maids and butlers and all that sort of thing .
who d be scared of such a foppishly attired thing ?
what a load of old shite , angelique fiercely said waking over to where he stood , let me see what was in that thing !
` ` on my own account , i saw the goddamned thing ! ''
` ` anyhow ... you should ' ve seen the thing come down , butler , it was incredible . ''
with that said , i would n't want to be caught dead in possession of that thing if they figure out what 's going on . ''
this thing was a little plastic mold of jesus christ , draped in robes with his arms spread at his sides .
by the time they realize the damn thing is empty , we 'll have the real payload well on its way to the cape . ''
besides that , there 's always the chance that the damned thing might thaw out while we 're jockeying it around the country .
i carried a set of tin snips in the cab to cut them once they had been verified against the paperwork by the receiver , but there was no way in hell i was gon na get this big ol ' thing they used off my rig by myself .
the damned thing was still with me when i reached van horn , texas and decided i could n't contain myself any longer .
i want this thing in the gulf and ready to blow within a half hour of our pulling through the gate . ''
` ` hell no , the damn thing is shot ! ''
that thing you so foolishly crammed into the back of a rolling box is a weapon of unimaginable power !
i was assigned to watch over polyphemus ; that thing you ' ve got in the back of this truck .
to insult a tal - gashot was to inspire his wrath ... and his wrath was n't a pretty thing .
to keep us from getting this thing launched back at them ? ''
he told me that it was designed to kill me if i moved more than a half mile away from my load ; that if i died , it died ... christ , now he was talking about launching this thing into space !
you wan na launch that thing , you launch it -- but randy johnston ai n't goin ' to be with it !
` ` i have to turn around -- take this damned thing to dallas , where they want it ! ''
if these phloxans want this thing , let them have it !
` ` maybe they do n't want that thing !
whatever his plan was , i figured i would n't much like it ... if anything he had told me was true , though , i would have to stay pretty close to this thing in my trailer if i hoped -- oh god !
it almost made me chuckle ; i probably would ' ve been underweight had the beast been allowed to ride in the buff ... there 's no telling what sort of crank lived under those metal drawers , though , if this thing were a male -- probably better to keep it hidden , to spare the dignity of mankind .
the keepers had the damned thing dressed like conan the barbarian ...
listening intently , i could hear a deep wheezing -- the damned thing was definitely breathing ... cupping my free hand over my ear , i could also hear a familiar rumble towards the front of the trailer ... it was big red 's engine , roaring away .
on the left side was a tall tower of some sort , looking like that thing that you see attached to spacecraft before they lift off .
she pressed a few more buttons and the display changed , showing another gantry standing tightly against a shuttle that looked a bit more familiar than the thing all these phloxans were working on next to me .
that 's the big red torpedo looking thing you see strapped to it , since i ' m sure you had n't figured it out .
speaking of its head , the damned thing was hideous ...
the only thing available to him was low level menial jobs - the kinda jobs he had started with and had worked his way up from .
she pointed at the thing she had uncovered .
same thing , different reporters .
something has happened to you , nicholas , and i m calling philip first thing in the morning .
the only thing missing was the monocle .
i think i stood there , looking down at the thing in my hand , the thing covered with cloth that had once been ... once been an arm that used to hold me ... wrap itself around me .
i think i stood there , looking down at the thing in my hand , the thing covered with cloth that had once been ... once been an arm that used to hold me ... wrap itself around me .
he , too , just stood there , looking at the thing which had been a part of him , his arm , the thing i had in my hand .
he , too , just stood there , looking at the thing which had been a part of him , his arm , the thing i had in my hand .
i do nt know how long i stayed there , with that thing in my hand , but i do remember dropping it .
the lieutenant does nt have a thing to hold us on .
he pulled his compass from his shirt pocket and said , this thing says we 're heading west and we 're supposed to be going north .
she coughed and sipped some lemonade , watching while the old lady opened a tall green metal cabinet and listened as she noisily moved things around inside it .
the crazy woman might have even unloaded the damn thing for some reason .
a sharp jagged thing was painfully poking his stomach but the boy stubbornly refused to release his grip on the leg of the terrified dog .
damn thing could swallow a beach ball , charlie realized with horror , as he again wished he had an eyelid to close .
why would he have a thing like this ?
unable to think of anything better to do , he fell backward and felt the sharp thing being pulled back out of his shoulder .
the undead man that used to be called paco looked down at the metal thing and picked it up .
do you really drive this thing for a living ?
issue two : has a counter drug been developed for this damn thing .
altogether , we must have shot the damn thing twenty times .
( and i wrote the thing ! )
the filthy thing had to go .
its not like i was going to touch the damn thing , especially with a fresh manicure .
i was certain any moment the blasted thing would pop and spray the entire neighborhood with its filth .
i was going to shove that wretched thing down into the sewers .
how lucky i was to have found this thing buried in my basement .
they never even acknowledge me , let alone take me places and buy me things .
this thing could save me .
the thing finished me right there , among the scattered remained of last weeks garbage .
i started my career with that thing .
he whispered a few words and leaned forward , blowing lightly on the thing before him .
please give this thing up and forget about it .
i ' m certain that thing is going to be here forever .
the only thing that would break would be the glass .
she stopped herself from leaving the room as she noticed the thing on the floor .
mr ... found the body ... something in the ... ` ` damn thing , '' elle muttered , twisting the dial .
` ` we ca n't leave that thing , '' elle growled , going to the suitcase and unpacking all the things alec had just packed .
` ` we ca n't leave that thing , '' elle growled , going to the suitcase and unpacking all the things alec had just packed .
` ` somebody must know about this thing .
there is one thing that the grieving family provides during the dinner .
the internet was a challenging thing to maneuver , if you happened to be one of only ten million people familiar with it .
little did amber know that paulette would have been happy for the thing to be out of view .
pictures and a few souvenirs is one thing .
you know how to break that thing ? ''
` ` i can get that thing to malfunction and make it look like we did n't do it .
then he whispered , ` ` we should really bring this thing to the bottom of the stairs so we do n't wake anyone up . ''
i felt like a fraud driving that thing .
i finally reached down slowly and took the thing from her .
i told him my name and he scrawled a brief two - line message he must have written hundreds of time and signed the thing .
he opened it up and withdrew a business card from the thing .
he opened the thing and pulled one from a stack on the bottom shelf .
i opened the thing and downed it all right there , a sign that i was nt drinking it because i was thirsty but because i was trying to use it as medicine for my soul .
finally he gave up on the thing in his hand and unceremoniously discarded it onto the counter next to him .
i took it from him and almost dropped the damn thing on my feet .
set that thing down and open it for me , will you ?
i could have sworn the thing was heavier than before .
this thing wo nt budge .
do you think you ll be able to get that thing working ?
i inhaled and exhaled deeply , steeling myself against the prospect of traveling alone in that thing .
holding the thing up he said , this is a multi - meter .
holding the thing and staring at it was like looking into a mirror of sorts .
when it finally did the doors opened and i bent in to press the button to send the thing all the way to the top floor .
i skimmed the entire thing and was unable to find it .
it is my job to root out every last sleazy detail of the lives of men and women like price and use those things to put my boot on their necks .
it was a very plain but old looking thing and i wondered what it might open .
if he placed little enough value on it to forget about it then i would more likely end up taking the thing home .
what do you want with that old thing ?
had i seen the thing before ?
i reached out and , taking the unit in both hands , heaved the whole thing aside , not caring that i spilled the contents of the shelves everywhere .
she was about three quarters of the way up the ladder when his hands wrapped around the sides of the thing .
occasionally he would slowly swirl the straw in the thing to keep it mixed and probably to give his hands something to do while his mind processed what i told him .
then , on topic , he added , how do we know what were looking for in this thing ?
her knuckles were white around the thing .
i hefted the little thing in my hand and then slipped it onto the kitchen counter next to my other set of keys .
i went over to the thing and picked it up .
he picked up the menu and flipped through it , hardly stopping to read any of the words and unceremoniously tossed the thing onto the table .
then there was a series of two - by - fours propping the whole thing against the opposite wall .
i do nt like where this thing is headed steve .
the frail and withered thing in the bed was at least past her mid - eighties if not older .
when i straightened i held the little thing between my thumb and index finger .
there was a pile of papers and files on top of my desk and the whole thing was on fire .
the last coherent thing i heard him say was , if i die in this thing i swear i m coming back for you .
it was the sort of thing you d find tucked away in a corner of some consignment shop gathering dust on a shelf .
i had seen the vision of susan where she blasted pine into the thing and closed the lid on him .
i knew when i opened the thing i would see his dusty remains .
the whole thing felt suspiciously like an airport to me but the anticipation of the coming week overcame any complaints i might have had about waiting in a long line to get on board .
he so wanted to take the damned thing off , it was killing his neck , but sarge had told them , though the sarge was looking straight at ash when he said it , that the helmets were mandatory and that every soldier was required to wear it while on the line .
weird problems , like the thing would jam if he did nt take the first round out of the magazine , the whole damned thing would jam after like the third shot .
weird problems , like the thing would jam if he did nt take the first round out of the magazine , the whole damned thing would jam after like the third shot .
fighting the helmet as the damn thing tried to drag him backwards and to the ground again .
he swore that the thing was made of lead .
from what they knew the entire thing had been building for over a week before , the government and the world at large ignoring it as a strange anomaly .
the damn thing was heavier than ever .
only the fact that the sergeant was marching at his back , rifle in hand , stopped him from taking the thing off and tossing it into the street .
she hated driving the thing , it was like driving a tank to her .
either way lynn would be just as glad to leave the thing behind and let it rust away with the terrible loss that it represented .
they knew it , of course they knew it , they made the thing up for gods sake .
you seen these thing before then ?
what the hell was in that thing ?
they had finally wrestled the thing out of the protective cardboard wrapping and onto the cart that they had dragged with them before something finally occurred to jason wait a minute , how are we going to get this thing up to the roof ?
they had finally wrestled the thing out of the protective cardboard wrapping and onto the cart that they had dragged with them before something finally occurred to jason wait a minute , how are we going to get this thing up to the roof ?
how will the thing work without power ?
if you could get some cartoon characters to haul the thing i d be all for it .
billy set looked down at the thing and glared .
both televisions had missed it , and the damned thing had survived the twenty - foot drop .
the thing was a terrible symbol of commercialism and more than that it was a terrible entertainer .
billy was still wearing the bra that he had tried on earlier , jason was nt sure if he had forgotten it , or if he had just really liked wearing the thing .
all those years that they had spent coming when the thing was almost always packed , the music playing over the intercom system and people going about their business talking and moving around looking at all the goods .
how did you get that thing to stick ?
do nt try too hard to clean that thing , well probably have to kill more .
billy must have hit the tank , or else the tank must have leaked because in a matter of seconds the entire thing exploded into flames , sending a plume of black smoke skywards .
it did nt really matter much to her since they could nt find any bullets for it anywhere else in the apartment , she had forgotten about the stupid thing until he mentioned it again .
one week to read the entire thing and then report to sarge about it .
you know i ca nt shoot that damn thing .
there was a cracking sound and the thing went down .
better than the real thing , and a lot faster .
he grabbed a meal first thing .
it was hard to reach to begin with , being positioned above and behind the sink , and even when jane climbed into the sink , she could nt get enough leverage to budge the old , stubborn thing open wide enough .
lorie watched as the big man got out of the car and had a look at the thing hanging onto the back .
just wait until sven gets that thing off .
when would that thing fall off ?
he considered taking off his shirt to handle the sword , he considered going back into his shop for some water to pour on it , and he considered urinating on the thing .
i m going to get that thing off .
the arteries and veins were torn , and the thing looked like a messnot like the hearts in anatomy books in school .
it was a ruined thing that sat there in its growing blood puddle .
the thing must have weighed a hundred pounds , and she had watched sven swing it around like it was a tennis racquet .
lorie pulled the thing out of her pocket .
are you really going to wrap that thing all the way around my head ?
he was holding the sledgehammer up and to his right , and he was starting to feel his muscles wearing out from lugging the thing around .
its a lot lighter than that thing , lorie said , gesturing at the sledgehammer , and the girls at school would be proud .
she dashed to the nozzleno use being stealthy at this point , she realized , the thing was clearly after hersqueezed the handle , and popped the pin back in place with a clack .
lorie took it and tossed it into a different dandelion patch than the pointer and middle finger and pinky had gonejust in case the thing could reassemblenot that she thought it would , but just in case .
you look good with that thing , sven said .
she did nt want the thing now that it had the zombies stuff all over it .
she found exactly what she wanted , and put it carefully into her back pocket , then pulled the back of her shirt down as far as it would go to cover the bulge and the part of the thing that stuck out .
she backed away , gripping the thing in her back pocket .
why she had nt just taken the thing in the first place was beyond her .
you gon na keep on using that thing ?
the vegan now saw that in the harassers other hand was a tire iron , probably the thing he had used to break the window .
he tried steadying the thing with his left hand and repositioning it in front of his body , but that only changed the direction of the pain .
unhook that thing !
and besides , you re pretty good with that thing .
he was holding the shiny thing next to the rotten boy .
the fat man stood there holding the shiny thing , over the rotten boy .
then the fat man plunged the long shiny thing into the rotten boy .
it had nt felt like more than two sips and the thing was empty already .
the glowing thing pitched suddenly , and sven saw the outline of a man , then sven was running toward him , intent on one thing onlykilling the intruder .
the new man had a shiny thing that he played with sometimes , and ivan was curious about it .
the improvised medicine ball was incredibly effectivemore so than the real thing on which it was based .
they positioned themselves next to each other at the beginning of an aisle , and pushed against its side with all of their might , grunting and cursing at the thing to move .
staring into the thing that remaineda strange device hanging with no ascertainable purpose atop a rotten , lifeless bodywassublime .
he was looking for some bottles of coca - cola , trying to ignore the fact that such a thing might be hard to come by in a forest , where he almost certainly now found himself .
this thing said that they had my boyfriend , andrew and that i had to come through to get him .
i called mike to tell him that you had been kidnapped and that all of your things were gone , not knowing yet how to explain to the whole parallel dimension thing .
looking around , he noticed things were out of place and his fridge was cracked open .
that damn thing can climb !
how is a doggy thing going to help ?
he wanted to try the real thing .
` ` but if this thing falls through .
if they 're stealing them , why not just sell the real thing ? ''
he looked at a different pelvic bone and saw the same thing , only it appeared as if this one had had a hole hammered right through it .
the poor thing fainted when she saw those lipless fucks outside the door .
jesus , you two , get that thing away from me !
max , what have you learned about this thing ?
trina slept , poor thing .
i saw a bit of the head thing back at cynthias house , gem said .
i guess i d have heard if you d had to use that thing , i said .
stay awake now , and fire that thing off if you see anything .
then she did a little pushing motion with her hands , like i should get this thing off there .
the thing protruding from its head was an arrow .
would you drop that damned thing ?
i was searching wrecked cars for supplies and when i left an old volkswagen thing , the damned tin body was split open and i caught an edge .
what s this thing gon na look like anyway ?
and you see that little i shaped thing at the end of the barrel ?
i fucking kick ass with that thing .
he treated this thing like she was a member of the family , because she was .
the stick thing is balanced in the v thing .
i saw the gun then , a bulky black thing in my pale white hand .
she always lost her keys in the damn thing because it was so cluttered with knick knacks and such , souvenirs of conquests past .
malcolm was wondering now if he could just bite the damn thing off .
drink the damn thing ! ''
` ` this thing will explode if i open it . ''
` ` well i ' m shutting the fucking thing off .
he knew he should really dispose of the fucking thing but he thought better of it , it would be too suspicious .
from the look of josh 's face and the fact that he dropped the thing when he first held it meant that the air had been hot .
josh wanted to read the thing but felt as if time was short .
` ` can you show me that thing ? ''
` ` so do you really think you have this thing ?
it was a neat little thing and he admired it for a few moments before he left back towards the living room .
the gunman realized what the thing meant and quickly tried to throw away his gun , not wanting his own hand to be boiled and melted by a molten ball of steel .
` ` the most lethal thing you ' ve got around the house these days is a shell no - pest strip .
grow hair and you 'll go blind and you 'll start to lose your memory , and after a while your thing will turn black and rot off .
his bed had been surrounded by some sort of contraption like a squirrel cage '' a thing of stainless steel bars , guy wires , and pulleys .
` ` well , '' she said , ` ` maybe this thing will come in handy after all . ''
the drawbacks were starting to outweigh the dubious advantages of this thing .
the thing i ' m on starts rolling again .
it looks like a giant piece of dental equipment , except that thing at the end is n't a drill .
a bulky red thing , a little too bulky to be termed a briefcase .
two , she was nt wearing a damn thing under the little black dress .
the only thing that showed above the coverlet was jasons hair , so yellow , so vibrant , buthe had nt moved .
the frame was metal and custom built so that there were distinct places for attaching things all over the frame .
it was the kind of thing shapeshifters wore when they thought they might have to change fast and did n't want to ruin something nice .
i 'd left only one thing in the bedroom that i normally wore to a fight : my cross .
the only thing around my neck on my gold chain was the small amulet with its multiheaded cat on it .
i really had to learn to work this damn thing .
micah and nathaniel took over pulling the leather down the rest of all those long legs , until the only thing asher was wearing was the open shirt .
he had bought it on his walk back from the copley square hotel to the much humbler atlantic avenue inn where he was staying , frightened by the ninety - dollar pricetag on the paperweight 's base , somehow even more frightened by the realization that he could now afford such a thing .
the paperweight was a small thing ( a small treasure ) , but he was sure she 'd love that delicate gray haze deep down in the middle of the glass , like a pocket fog .
and yet at the same time , his mistake - some small hesitation in the pull , no doubt - actually added to the charm of the thing .
he slipped a bag of sandwiches onto this by the bag 's carrier handles , then put the tablecloth around the girl 's slim waist , having to take a turn and a half and tie the knot in back to make the thing secure .
second guy i saw was walking along , swinging the thing from side to side so hard in his arms that it was skipping like hell , but yeah , it was playing .
i ran the thing flat ... '' puff , pant .
she stepped forward before clay could stop her , dropping one of the automatic pistols and grabbing the thing she had seen .
he thought he would remember those sounds forever , but he had succeeded in getting the damn thing out , and that was the important thing .
i can still remember how big the fucking thing looked in his little hands ... and against the side of his face ... '' ` ` clay , stop . ''
` ` that thing may work just fine on the vending machines , but remember , this place used to be a casino . ''
16 ` ` there 's nobody in the fucking thing , and judging by the size of the hole , he had open - heart surgery without benefit of anesthetic , '' denise said , ` ` so when you 're tired of looking - ` ` ` ` there 's another little parking lot down at the south end of the midway , '' tom said .
keep checking that thing for bars .
' if you mean that ... thing we just passed - ' ' go back ! '
the way this thing had blown up out of nothing still freaked me out .
that thing 's uninspected and it ai n't got no tags , either . '
i almost told him - the car it was amie 's goddam ' car , christine the rust queen , twenty years old , ugly fucking thing .
even then the only thing he was able to afford was an old chevrolet that ran poorly and was eaten up with rust .
something came to me , a trace of memory , and without even thinking about it , i stood back and looked at the entire car - not just one thing here and one thing there , but everything .
' this thing runs like a dream , ' michael cunningham said .
' well , for one thing , the ' 58 plymouth fury was n't anybody 's idea of a classic car , so no one wrote much about it , even in the car retrospective volumes - american car , american classics , cars of the 1950s , things like that .
' is this thing insured ? '
the silencer was the first thing .
i ' m drive a ' 48 cadillac with thunderbird wings i tell you , baby , she 's a movin thing , ride on , josephine , ride on ... - ellas mcdaniel junkins turned up at darnell 's around eight - forty - five that evening .
on the embankment , the thing he had seen flickered and was gone .
it was arnie , it was her son , not in a jail cell ( that was the only thing she had been spared , but she was grateful for even small favours ) but in a small square room whose only furnishings were two chairs and a table scarred with cigarette burns .
he watched her back up across the road and wished savagely for a plough to come along now and hit the damned thing broadside .
that thing 'd go out of the parking lot like a rocket , spraying gravel everywhere .
it was a kid 's trick ; we had pulled the same thing from time to time at school dances , and once , for a joke , we had blocked up coach puffer 's dodge so that the driving wheels were off the ground .
and although it 's going to sound stinking , r guess i ought to add something else , if this thing is going to stay straight ( and i promised myself when i began to tell the tale that i 'd stop if i found i could n't get it straight or keep it straight ) .
tomorrow morning , first thing .
it was a filmy pink scarf , nylon , the sort of thing a girl wears over her head on a day when a misty sort of rain is falling .
nailed there or glued there or some damned thing . ''
peter felt an instant 's hope , and at first did not associate the thing pressing into his stomach with the cop 's monster handgun .
ellie bent , planting her hands just above her knees and watching with ralph as the cop dumped the meshy thing into the passenger seat , then backed around to the driver 's side with his gun now held up in both hands .
when he thought about it these days ( which was often ) , he pictured a bloated creneliated thing that looked like a radiation - baked giant brain in a fifties drive - in horror movie .
i have n't been on that thing in three years , and i have no intention of getting back on , terry .
the battery in his was up , he 'd had it on the charger all last night , but he had n't actually talked to steve on the damned thing since leaving salt lake city .
for one moment johnny had a brilliant but unfocused memory of his drunken , abusive , crazily funny father , who had always seemed to smell exactly as this cop did now : old spice on top , sweat underneath the aftershave , plain old black - eyed meanness under every thing , like the dirt floor in an old cellar .
got to be an s and two bars , anything less and i might as well use this thing for a suppository .
which was n't to say that there was n't blood on the damned thing somewhere .
i just did n't like that thing bangin in the breeze . ''
a silly thing because it was just bottlecaps , a cool thing because it looked like what it was supposed to look like , you could tell what it was .
a silly thing because it was just bottlecaps , a cool thing because it looked like what it was supposed to look like , you could tell what it was .
from somewhere behind him came a thick ripping sound , then marinville 's voice , somehow amused , scared , and outraged all at the same time : ` ` do you know how much that thing cost ? ''
steve reached out to touch the thing himself .
he saw himself rubbing that ugly damned thing - ugly but powerful - against his erect penis .
then it lowered its head and dropped the thing it had been holding in its mouth .
` ` there 's a wolf , and he brought this thing ... it 's like a statue , only - ` ` cynthia 's hand darted into the lower part of his vision and honked the horn .
` ` did you leave any thing in the truck ? ''
this thing looked like that woman 's very big sister : six - three , broad - shouldered , probably two hundred pounds .
like he was playing a new kind of kid s game , one where you got to murder the losers instead of just sending them back to the prisoner 's base , or some thing .
there was a filthy blue rag in one of the washbasins , the sort of thing you would n't handle without tongs unless you absolutely needed to .
at first steve thought the thing lying out there was a corpse , then registered the hair for what it was - some kind of synthetic .
he thought at first that there were three odd - looking charms lying on her open palm - the sort of thing girls sometimes wore dangling from their bracelets .
yet none of this was the worst ; the worst came as steve dropped the hideously warm thing he was holding and she lurched to her feet .
most of the others who were n't affected right away had been killed , and there was a thing - like a z snake made of smoke - coming out of the hole .
the throbbing disappeared ; the thing on the back of her hand was gone .
so far as she knew , there was only one thing that rattled like that .
her palm throbbed angrily where the thing in her hair had burst open .
this thing , whatever it was , had claws and a hard surface .
her hand still throbbed from that encounter ; the thing must have been full of poison , maybe enough to kill her if it had injected her instead of just splashing her .
it was an old thing , and pitted , but just looking at it made mary feel cold and weak .
or just keep the goddam thing . ''
images beginning to slide downhill through his mind while felix cavaliere sang , i was feelin ' so bad : arvn soldiers , many no bigger than american sixth - graders , pulling dead buttocks apart , looking for hidden treasure , a nasty scavenger hunt in a nasty war , can tah in can tak ; coming back to terry with a dose in his crotch and a monkey on his back , wanting to score so bad he was half out of his mind , slapping her in an airport concourse when she said something smart about the war ( his war , she had called it , as if he had invented the fucking thing ) , slapping her so hard that her mouth and nose bled , and although the marriage had limped along for another year or so , it had really ended right there in concourse b of the united terminal at laguardia , with the sound of that slap ; entragian kicking him as he lay writhing on highway 50 , not .
the chaps now had enough blood and dirt grimed into them to look almost like the real thing , and the hammer felt right there , somehow .
2 steve had brought a blanket - an old faded plaid thing - along to cover the boss 's scoot with in the event that he did end up having to transport the harley to the west coast in the back of the truck .
a symbolic affirmation expressly designed for stressful life - passages , sort of an ' i ' m okay , you 're stomped to shit ' kind of thing .
after several fruitless efforts to depress the clef - shaped clip holding it to the belt - loop , steve simply tore the whole thing off , loop and all .
` ` assuming the damned thing will even start , that is ? ''
` ` take this fucking thing , '' he said , disgusted .
he looked at it - gawked at it , really - as if he had never seen such a thing before .
' my mother always said chicken soup was the thing when you 're not feeling your best . '
he remembered fumbling for the seatbelt clasp , wanting to be all the way free of the fucking thing , while pete bellowed that his leg was broken , his cocksucking leg was broken .
perhaps one of them would fire up the snowmobile ( if it works , he reminded himself again , if the damn thing works ) .
what if that red thing on his face - ' in spite of his own ungenerous feelings about mccarthy , jonesy felt like striking his old friend .
wear the same fuckin thing , show in and show out . '
' honk that jeezly thing , let me know you 're still there . '
the thing that had been in mccarthy landed on the beav 's chest with a smack .
the ring and the lid had flown up against the tank when the thing came out .
it had no limbs , not that jonesy had been able to see , just that reddish tail - thing , so how - he heard the minute crackle - crunch - splinter of wood on the other side of the door , directly in front of his own head by the sound , and knew .
pete made no conscious decision to use the torch , because he 'd forgotten he had it ; his only thought was to tear the terrible biting thing off his right hand with his left .
his left foot swung in a short arc as he shoved the thing farther into the fire .
the figure at my back is not my friend ; the hand upon my shoulder turns to horn theodore roethke kurtz and underhill 1 the only thing in the cps area was a little beer n deer store called gosselin 's country market .
should i hear the tape you ' ve doubtless got in that thing over your shoulder ? '
a photograph , an image inside a border , a thing you could hold in your hand , that was one thing .
the thing he spotted turned out to be the bathroom doorknob .
now he can smell the thing 's decay .
he 's wearing his motorcycle jacket , and tied up and down its arms , fluttering like pirate 's finery , are the orange bandannas his father made his son wear when beaver insisted on wearing such a damned foolish unhunterly thing in the woods .
henry thinks , he cried himself into a nosebleed and that 's the blood part , but what 's that white thing sticking out of his shoulder ?
before he 'd fallen asleep it had just been a plain wooden thing , the sort of bottom - of - the - line model you might buy at office depot if you were on a budget .
he turned his head and looked at the clock , but the goddam thing had gone off again in spite of its fancy anti - magnetic casing , flashing 12 - 12 - 12 , like a stutterer caught on one word .
george udall , the dawg 's immediate superior in more normal times , was wearing a knitted cap over his bald head ; damn thing made him look like some kind of elderly white rapper .
i want the humvee , it 's the best thing we could have in a shitstorm like this , but i do n't want to alert the guys on the other side .
freddy wondered where she had gotten such a thing , then decided it did n't matter .
a fax machine would be just the thing , he decided .
' the thing that 's up his ass , ' henry said .
on his lap was his yellow lunchbox and the brown bag with his medicines in it ... his medicines and that odd little string thing .
he wished mightily that kurtz and freddy had rear - ended the fucking thing , but the sound had not , unfortunately , been that loud .
although he ca n't see now because of the sheet , jonesy knows there is no navel , either , because this thing was never born .
one way or another , the damned thing would go through .
he rocked backward , his bad hip throbbing , holding the writh ? ing , yammering thing above his head like a carny performer with a boa constrictor .
he doubted if the thing had much in the way of intelligence , but how much would it need to register fresh air ?
watching the thing shift and move ... and then he could n't see it anymore .
how many rounds did he have left in the clip if the fucking thing did come out ?
but the thing never came out .
i was extremely pissed that she should be standing when there was a thing to sit on right over in the cornhole .
he sank full fathom five beside the couch 's armrest ( and going deeper all the time - i feared for the thing 's springs ) , looking at me and wheezing benignly .
that 's where he slid the thing that makes the hair go away .
but pretend that 's some other guy 's stump in some other universe , meantime chase that thing , that rag , that bone , that connection - - drifting away - although if a big storm like charley ever hits this part of the coast dead - on - and bingo .
besides , adding something might fuck up what little charm the thing had .
in the beginning i had tried to tell myself that the otherness i felt when i thought about my wife and my life was probably natural enough in a man who sometimes could n't even remember the name of that thing you pulled up to close your pants - the zoomer , the zimmer , the zippity - doo - dah .
i think the tray is the glinty thing . ''
i did n't realize i had that thing in my hand until i got up here . ''
i was ready to start experimenting with paints , and i thought one of those orange shells would be just the thing to plop down in the middle of a gulf of mexico sunset .
a pretty thing with blond hair ?
i almost dropped the creepy little thing on the floor , where it surely would have shattered on the tiles .
she said , ` ` he never should have got that thing , but he did n't know . ''
to either side , making an inverted v , were four loads for the thing .
i thought , you could do some real damage with a thing like that .
there was a feeling of hollow menace about the thing , as though it had housed some plague that had burned through the crew , leaving only this rotting corpse of wood , hemp , and sailcloth .
you see her with that thing , and she really does look like the bride of the godfather . ''
watch the sun go down in the caldo largo without painting the fucking thing .
at least the damn thing 's only two pages long .
if i turned around , wireman would n't be standing at the head of the stairs where tom riley had been standing , and down the beach at el palacio de asesinos , the left side of wireman 's world was still dark ; it was just a thing i knew .
one was that neither of my daughters would ever know how badly seeing the damned thing had frightened me .
` ` he dredged the whole thing from swampland at the mouth of the hillsborough river .
even a mistress would have told him he could n't have a newspaper photo of himself taken in that old thing .
they dragged that damned thing with them everywhere .
viii the show dragged on and i stuck it out , partly because of all the effort dario , jimmy , and alice had put into the thing , but mostly for elizabeth .
the damn thing was pretty heavy , all right ; i guessed about twenty pounds .
certainly i 'd thought so when i drew the same thing on my first night in big pink .
i turned the thing over in the afternoon sun , sending reflections bounding around the walls .
one old and rusty circlet was clamped around the thing 's wrist .
the drowned thing and i were chained together .
i think she made the drawing , and i ' m sure she did it in pencil , and i think when she was done , she erased the whole thing .
burn that thing . ''
` ` damn thing did n't want to go in .
i grabbed one of the artisan pads and quickly began sketching the photo that showed the cogs and chains under the opening drawbridge it was just a dinky little one - lane thing the most clearly .
i had seen them on the discovery channel and national geographic specials , but nothing prepared me for how fast that thing could move on those stub - legs .
it 's an old - fashioned one , a pretty , slim - hulled thing with three masts and furled sails .
` ` that thing 's still loaded , right ? ''
some like the lawn jockey are things that elizabeth created as a little girl .
` ` the christing thing 's upside - down , is n't it ? ''
i snatched the thing up .
the thing was also extremely delicate , almost translucent .
my honor 's a tattered thing , but i swear on it .
` ` i see myself first thing in the morning , and trust me , i do n't roll out of bed looking that good . ''
curtis , did you see how big that thing is ? '
' do n't dare tell me it does n't have anything but a glow - crystal or some damn thing like in dumbwit 's flying saucers . '
it says buick 8 on both sides of the engine block in big chrome letters , as if whoever made it was afraid of forgetting what the damn thing was .
' if you say the thing was humming like a tuning fork , i believe you .
what is that thing , tony ?
' but you 're telling me , ' ned said , ' that no scientist has ever been allowed to study that thing since trooper rafferty and my father found it ?
tony thought that thing had come into our hands almost as a result of god 's will .
tony could sermonize about our commitment to serve and protect ; he could tell us about how the men of troop d were the ones best equipped to take care of such a dangerous res ; he could even allow as how later on we might turn the thing over to a carefully chosen team of scientists , perhaps one led by bibi roth .
that thing we ' ve got out in shed b may not be the equivalent of the a - bomb , but then again it might .
the thing in shed b kept flashing like some crazy neon apocalypse , and the room seemed to waver into a slightly different perspective every time it did .
he kept waiting for the cops outside to begin screaming as the thing in the old garage exploded or melted or let something out ?
' i 'll go up to the burg tomorrow , first thing , and buy a geiger counter , ' curt said .
that was when he saw the thing in the corner of the shed .
a bony thing that might have been a nose or a beak jutted from the eyeless face .
i 'd kill my own mother before i 'd touch that thing .
huddie filled sandy in on what had happened and then sandy had his own good long look at the thing in the corner .
if reporters had been there and experienced the atavistic power of that thing ?
i do n't think i could live for long in the world this thing came from , tell you that much .
' come on , sandy , stick with me until i get this thing stowed .
to the troopers who knew about it , the damned thing felt like an itch between the shoulderblades , the one place you ca n't ... quite ... reach .
it was the closest thing to a written record sergeant schoondist would allow .
with a square room at either end , the thing looks like some strange sort of plastic dumbbell .
and i hear curtis say to the sarge , ` ` i ' m gon na dissect that thing before it disappears like everything else .
he checked something , nodded , and pushed a button on the side of the viewmaster thing three times , presumably taking pictures of the leaf fragments on the microscope 's stage .
' i did if this thing worked the way it 's s'posed to . '
the thing in the bag looked like a shopworn freak show monstrosity .
tony finished the job by driving pins into the corkboard through the thing 's armpits .
' plug in one more thing and we 'd probably trip the breaker , ' tony said .
' this green thing could be a lung , ' curt said .
the life was draining out of the thing .
as close as he could get and leaning forward to get even closer , goggles actually pressed to the glass , only turning his head aside slightly each time the thing flashed out an especially bright bolt , which it was still doing every twenty seconds or so .
yes , that was clear enough , but how a thing of such size could ever have fit into the closed trunk of the buick in the first place was beyond both of them .
the bat - thing had n't decomposed , but the leaves had , and quickly .
or maybe i was trying to turn the christly thing backward ? '
the thing ruptured all the way up its side , spilling out that black ichor not in trickles but in a flood .
on the tape one can see the pink tangle that served as the amphibian 's head quite clearly for perhaps ten seconds , and a number of rapidly liquefying red lumps strewn along its length ; one can see what appears to be filthy seafoam sweating out of the thing 's tail and running across the concrete in a sluggish rill .
none of them had actually seen the bat - thing emerge from the buick 's trunk , but the trunk had been open , all right .
on three more occasions , things appeared in the buick 's trunk .
the thing hanging out of the trunk , a draggled and membranous white shading to dark green , looked as much like an easter lily as anything else .
' maybe , ' sandy said , ' and maybe we 're starting to get a little careless with that thing . '
it was andy colucci , looking in at it through the binoculars five or ten minutes later , who determined that the knotholes were eyes , and what looked like grooves or cracks on one side of the thing was actually a leg , perhaps drawn up in its final death - agony .
getting it on the blouse did n't bother me , it was just an old thing , but the skirt was brand - new .
it was a greasy old thing with the logo of some rock group ?
on the other side of that thing ?
the thing had started to decompose , like the rest of the stuff that had come through .
we 'll cover the thing up together and then we 'll all go out together . '
' i hate that thing , ' he said .
' did you cover up the thing in there , hud ? '
just a flimsy blue thing , but it would do .
and at the same time i touched the thing i 'd put in my back pocket .
i pushed the cap off the aerosol can with my thumb , had just one fraction of a second to wonder if there was any pressure left in the damned thing after all the years it had stood unused on the shelf in the hutch , and then i maced him .
i peered in at the thing that looked like a buick roadmaster 8 .
it merely went on pulling the thing with the disarrayed widow 's peak and the blotchy complexion .
this thing no longer looked like disco gerald - not a bit .
so she had gotten up , springing out of her chair so fast she had almost knocked the ugly , bulky thing over .
it 's easy enough to understand theconnections - two lakes , two summer houses , two cases of ( secrets silence hurt harm ) sexual hanky - panky - but remembering what happened in i963 can'tdo a thing for me now except add to my general misery , so let 's just dropthat whole subject , okay ?
grab the goddam thing whilethe grabbing 's good .
there was nothing to grab , it seemed , and she could n't get quite enough finger - surface on the thricedamned thing to grip .
jessie went on sucking through the rolled - up card , tilting the glass to keep the surface of the water brimming over the far end of the soggy , misshapen purple thing , aware in some part of her mind that the card was leaking worse than ever and she was insane not to stop and wait for it to dry out again , but going on anyway .
i 'll be doggone if you ai n't a pretty thing ... bay - bee : silly , but not dangerous .
the thing sitting on the floor between her visitor 's feet was a chainsaw .
at first she thought it had taken gerald 's briefcase from the little room he used as a study down here , but when the creature lifted the box - shaped thing into the light , she saw it was a lot bigger than gerald 's briefcase and much older .
he was breathing very fast now , the respiration in her ear was like a steam engine , and she was again aware of that hard thing pressing against her bottom .
her father shifted , pressing the hard thing more firmly against her bottom .
if you could get a baby from a boy 's tongue , if that could happen , then- and there was that hard thing pressing into her bottom .
that thing that was n't the handle of a screwdriver or her mother 's tackhammer .
she said it was white and that it squirts out of a guy 's thing like toothpaste .
it probably was n't what the girls at the slumber party had called ` ` going all the way '' ( except for the strangely knowledgeable cindy lessard ; she had called it ` ` deep - sea diving with the long white pole , '' a term which had struck jessie as both horrible and hilarious ) , but the fact that he had n't put his thing in her thing still might not mean she was safe from being what some of the girls , even at her school , called ` ` pee - gee . ''
it probably was n't what the girls at the slumber party had called ` ` going all the way '' ( except for the strangely knowledgeable cindy lessard ; she had called it ` ` deep - sea diving with the long white pole , '' a term which had struck jessie as both horrible and hilarious ) , but the fact that he had n't put his thing in her thing still might not mean she was safe from being what some of the girls , even at her school , called ` ` pee - gee . ''
before she could look away , tom mahout caught the direction of her glance and quickly adjusted his shorts , causing the pink thing to disappear .
between the ages of ten and twelve , when she had finally been persuaded to donate it to the rag - basket , she must have worn that silly thing to two dozen slumber parties .
the feel of the hard thing against her bottom .
` ` i was half - numb to let him lock me up in these things in the first place , '' she croaked .
she kept hearing snatches of ( go greasy ) that talking blues , kept smelling her father 's cologne , kept feeling that hard thing against her bottom .
the words on the fob read you sexy thing .
the thing sitting back there was tangled in shadows , yes , but not made of them .
they ran the poor , damned thing down a couple of days later , by the way - it had made a little den for itself under the laglans '' boathouse , about half a mile up the shore .
the thing poking out from between the two slices of wonder bread was pretty clearly a human tongue .
i thought of waving the cudgel of the press in front of him - it was the one thing i was almost sure would make him cave in - but in the end , i did n't have to .
the flimsy thing had n't been any pro - tection in her slide down the slope , and now it was torn and flapping in a way she would have considered comic under other circumstances - it looked almost like a blue plastic hula skirt - but she supposed she 'd better keep it .
she looked at it - a black mudshoe just right for an all - over - mudgirl , the very thing , the total puppy - shits , pepsi would have said - and began to cry again .
if she did that the whole thing would probably fall over .
she filled her water - bottle , stuffed it and the shredded remains of her poncho into her pack , gave a tearful sigh at the pack 's weight when she lifted it ( the damned thing was all but empty , for goodness ' sake ) , and then set off again .
the tough tootsie 's special thing , the wasp - priest 's god of the lost .
` ` who do you call , baby who do you call when the damn thing 's busted , oh yeah , '' trisha chanted in a singsongy whis - per , and walked over to the stream .
something from the world of people ; a thing with corners .
` ` fell asleep with it on , you stupid thing , '' she said in her new croaky voice .
trisha thought briefly of just letting the damned thing fall and walking on without it .
there was a thing up her nose and something else - a tube - running into her hand .
she took trisha 's hand , the one without the thing in it .
` ` i ' m warning you right now , '' he said , ` ` i ' m going to block this thing . ''
` ` now , look , you better drop this thing .
they never found a thing .
` ` miss tanner - ` ` ` ` i 'll sit for you first thing in the morning , '' she broke in .
` ` oh '' - barrett pried away another plank end from the front of the crate and set the board aside , revealing a line of glass - fronted dials - ` ` the usual : levitation , direct voice , biological phenomena , imprints , percussion , materialization - that sort of thing .
further proof that alcohol was just the thing , she thought .
failing that , he 'd drive the damn thing into a lake ; but deutsch would never see it again .
` ` you are a little bitty thing .
` ` did you see the speed of the thing ? ''
he had n't done a damn thing to threaten me .
` ` since you wo n't give me your names , i 'll call you thing one and thing two . ''
there was a small sound , and thing one made a sign with his free hand .
two years ago he had been in london , first designing and then overseeing the construction of the new bbc communications center - a building that was still hotly debated pro and con in the british press ( the guardian : ` ` perhaps the most beautiful building to be constructed in london over the last twenty years ' ; the mirror : ` ` other than the face of my mother - in - law after a pub - crawl , the ugliest thing i have ever seen ' ) .
it 's the biggest thing i ' ve ever tried and putting it up is going to be scary as hell , but i think it 's going to work .
` ` go down to the office first thing in the morning .
he remembered mr gardener picking up the shoe - measuring thing and checking the little sliding gadgets on it to make sure they were still okay while another clerk righted the fallen chair and then flapped his arms once , in amused disgust , before putting on his pleasantly neutral salesman 's face again .
` ` get that fucking thing off me , beverly , '' he said , and she got up quickly and walked around the bed , holding the phone cord up with tented fingers .
she had found that one last thing in the back of the drawer : an old white cotton bra with gunshell cups .
` ` put that thing down , '' she said .
when i met you i felt as if i 'd run right off the end of that thing onto a floor that did n't move anymore .
oh , if i had a truckful of napalm and my old zippo lighter i 'd take care of that fucking thing , i assure you ... but if one 's aesthetic is broad enough to include plastic statues , then derry is right .
you may be sorry later , but you 'll find them , and once a thing is found it ca n't be unfound , can it ?
part of it was seeing the handiwork of man in all this overgrown jumble of wilderness , but he supposed part of it was the shape of the thing itself - that concrete cylinder jutting out of the ground .
mike would go over to the old cape area , find the streets with the tracks still embedded in them , and inspect them closely , marvelling to think of things like trains that had run right through the middle of the streets .
and yet ... this thing could not be human .
that thing with the sides was a coalbin .
her eyes were fixed on the thing that had crawled out of eddie 's cookie , the thing that was now kicking its sluggish legs as it lay overturned on the tablecloth .
ben asked huskily , looking at the thing on bill 's plate .
and all at once it occurred to me that i spent about ten years of my life here between ages three and thirteen , and i do n't have a single thing to remember those years by .
you ca n't hit the goddam thing if you ai n't looking at it ! ...
the derry branch of freese 's was a poor thing compared with the grand downtown department store in bangor , but richie had been far past caring about such things - by then it was a case of any port in a storm .
` ` i paid seven bucks for that thing .
standing by bowers was a thing in a clown suit .
you can stand in front of that thing and get flattened ... but that wo n't stop it , either .
some of them are stereoscopes - there 's two of them just the same on a long card , and when you look at them through this thing like binoculars , it looks like one picture , only in 3 - d. like house of wax or the creature from the black lagoon . ''
` ` darn thing probably wo n't catch anyway , '' she said in a slightly uneven voice , and touched a light to the paper in several places .
the old fellow or the old girl will go to the doctor , convinced that they ' ve got heart disease or cancer or diabetes or some damn thing .
he breathed deep of the camphor taste , thinking : it does n't matter if it 's a pla - cee - bo , words do n't matter if a thing works .
she saw that patrick 's thing had gotten a little longer , but not much ; it still dangled between his legs like a snake with no backbone .
suppose he did something to her with his thing ) suppose he wanted her to put it in her somewhere ?
she thought that if henry tried to put his thing in her she would go crazy .
once he had discovered a run - over cat that was dying in the gutter on lower main street and sat watching it until an old woman saw him pushing the squashed and mewing thing around with his foot .
it was a handmade wallet , the sort of thing a kid might make as a crafts project at community house .
the only other thing in the wallet was a library card , made out in the name of patrick hockstetter .
they would n't see a frockin thing , '' richie agreed .
` ` would my mom and dad see the hole that thing made in my arm ? ''
a flimsy thing that had come in the mail from the grace baptist church as part of a fund - raising drive .
the turtle was a stupid old thing that never came out of its shell .
the top one was venting water which was almost clear , although there were leaves and sticks and bits of trash in it - cigarette butts , chewing - gum wrappers , things like that .
` ` well , keep that aspirator thing handy , '' beverly said .
bill thought it must be the oldest thing anyone could imagine , older by far than it , which had claimed to be eternal .
he vomited , then twisted his heel , grinding the thing into the stones , listening to the cries in his head fade to nothing .
` ` you have to put your thing in me , '' she says .
he pushed it aside and grabbed at the thing sticking out of the water .
` ` now could we see if they ' ve got such a thing as breakfast in this place ?
the toilet probably has n't been flushed , either , men think the urine fairy comes by around two a.m. and takes care of that , and there you are , sitting crack - deep in piss , and all at once you realize your feet 're in it , too , you 're paddling around in lemon squirt because , although guys think they 're dead - eye dick with that thing , most ca n't shoot for shit , drunk or sober they got ta wash the goddam floor all around the toilet before they can even start the main event .
every time a full moon comes i sleep nervously - if at all - tossing and turning , imagining the worst , checking under my nails first thing in the morning , examining my teeth and eyes in the mirror .
there were many times when it seemed to me that people and cars and the little sidewalk vignettes i observed were actually passing by me on a moving screen , a thing controlled by hidden stagehands turning enormous cranks and revolving enormous drums .
shoot the goddamned thing !
easiest thing in the world , tight ?
he would never be able to maneuver this balky , oversized thing back to the bedroom in time .
on it was a spray of dried flowers in an ugly green vase , and the whole thing looked topheavy , ready to tip over if he so much as brushed it .
when one woke , however , the tide began to go out and soon the rock was visible again , a barnacle - encrusted thing of inarguable reality , a thing which would be there forever , or until god chose to wash it away .
he had paused to throw on the first thing in the downstairs hall closet which came to hand - this turned out to be a dark - maroon smoking jacket .
was he going to let it stay there , or was he going to be a man and sick the fucking thing up ?
but if you turned the thing over to take a look at the works , you saw a blood - slimed killing machine with a very sharp blade .
and all the time she 's just hammering that thing along , her hair all out behind her , smilin , her eyes flashin .
between the picture of elvis , which looked to her like the sort of thing that would retail on any carnival midway in america for $ 4.99 , and a singularly uninteresting american eagle weathervane , was a carnival glass lampshade which was certainly worth eight hundred dollars and might be worth as much as five thousand .
why had he let todd buy the goddam thing ?
throw the goddam thing away .
the lampshade was a moderately gorgeous thing , and might have sold for three hundred dollars or better in a boston antiques shop ; nettle cobb had , nevertheless , just purchased it for ten dollars and forty cents , all the money she had had in her purse when she entered the shop .
another satisfied customer has found her needful thing ! ''
` ` i will , '' nettle said , and this could have been an answer to both admonitions , but she felt in her heart ( that secret repository where needs and fears elbowed each other continuously like uncomfortable passengers in a crowded subway car ) that , while she might come here again , the lampshade was the only thing she - would ever buy in needful things .
it was a beautiful thing , the sort of thing she had always wanted , the only thing she needed to complete her modest collection .
it was a beautiful thing , the sort of thing she had always wanted , the only thing she needed to complete her modest collection .
it was a beautiful thing , the sort of thing she had always wanted , the only thing she needed to complete her modest collection .
` ` is this your name on this goddam thing or is n't it ? ''
she 's just a bad old thing and if she tries to hurt you ... or me ... she 'll be sorry . ''
they would give each horse in each race a name from the paper - they 'd do it by touching one of the tin horses and saying the name at the same time - and then wind the thing up and let it go .
she had told him that she was fine and that she did n't need a single thing , thanks .
her hand - her cold , cold hand - beat at the red thing sticking out of raider 's chest the way it had beat at the light - switch a few seconds before .
it seemed to be a necklace of some sort , but the thing which hung down when mr . gaunt tented his fingers over the chain looked like a tea - ball , or an oversized thimble .
the thing did n't even have any aesthetic value .
he thought idly of how nice it would be to buy an entire carton of these selfsame luckies , rip off both ends , and then light up the whole goddam thing with a blowtorch .
` ` what do you use a thing like that for ? ''
she had debated telling him about the splinter of wood from the holy land she had purchased at needful things , the splinter with the miracle inside it , and in the end she had n't .
she bent over and plucked it up , thinking how odd it was to find such a thing in the mustang ; les usually kept his car as scrupulously neat as his person .
you have another problem , old buddy - there are no license plates on this thing .
what seemed like a good idea was to get this thing back to castle rock just as fast as he could .
still , she thought , you could have waited until i had at least one look , you wimpy thing .
it was difficult for her to imagine that such a lovely thing could not have been sold .
in the place of these wonderful things was mr . gaunt 's face ... only he no longer looked as he did in his shop .
` ` i may have just the thing .
who in god 's name would want a dirty old thing like that ?
why have n't i traded this thing yet ?
` ` let me see this ashcan thing he gave you . ''
` ` do you ever look at the thing you ' ve got strapped on there ? ''
` ` this thing works .
i hope you get hit by a dumptruck on your way home , you whory - looking thing , she thought , and then walked on , her sensible low heels clicking and clacking .
i ca n't come now because there 's been a break in ... in the other thing .
` ` i think i have just the thing , '' mr . gaunt said .
` ` answer that fucking thing or take it off the hook ! ''
cora had slipped the first thing she 'd found in the closet on over her nakedness , and had managed to do only the top button .
she 'll pick up the thing she 's found .
polly swung the plunger like a baseball bat , the heavy rubber cup whooshing through the air , and struck the horrid thing again .
and when he brought it to you with his eyes glowing and a hig , goofy smile on his face , you told him to put that silly thing back , did n't you ?
now that he had drawn back a little from the dangerous lure of sentiment , he remembered his opposition to the purchase of this thing with something like amazement .
alan moved his light to the thing on top of the vcr , the thing which was n't a book but a video cassette in an unmarked black plastic case .
alan moved his light to the thing on top of the vcr , the thing which was n't a book but a video cassette in an unmarked black plastic case .
polly resisted her first instinct to spit the horrid , pulsing thing out .
i did n't mind running it , but the damn thing was heavy .
i should have immediately put the sedan in reverse and raced away , but the only thing going through my head was how i would convince aubrey to leave her goddamned computer , what few things we would grab , and how much time i should allow to grab them .
gary let out a breath , glancing at eric while he covered annabelle 's face and chest with the only thing he could find : a small rug .
she was a bitty thing , her short gray hair styled a lot like zoe 's .
the closest thing was a hammer sitting in a hand - held , red toolbox lying open on the floor .
` ` i was all excited because this thing is ancient .
i pulled the trigger , and took the damn thing out .
the way you guys are talking , you were confused on how to hold the damn thing . ''
the other extreme is to take a bath in the dirt and deal any goddamned thing that will turn a dollar - guns , switchblades , big h , what the hell .
beaver got it built without being discovered , or so the story goes , only to discover there was no door from the basement big enough to get the damned thing out .
he thought : if i tossed my drink in there , i could blow that fucking thing to blazes .
against his will - it was a secret thing , and tonight he felt the needed his secret things , tonight his feelings felt as raw as mary 's nose looked - against his will he said : ` ` i was thinking of the time we went out picking up bottles to finish paying for that tv .
the deal this crazyman was offering him was the kind of thing that came along once , if ever .
' finish that thing up before it goes flat .
and stop playing with that thing .
a great carved mahogany thing .
' take that thing off , ' he said , gesturing .
' this fucking thing is empty .
and his thirst for revenge must be overmastering , a thing to be trembled at , but perhaps also a thing to be used . '
' this thing is load - ' she attacked him .
the boy 's eyes flashed to the dark , curled thing on the floor and then skipped away .
` ` the damn thing weighs around fifty pounds . ''
i would n't have been able to do it without moving things out of place , but olaf seemed to glide .
everyone copes differently ; for me it 's very important to think body , thing .
the bellagio looked elegant , too , as we drove past , then across the street was paris , complete with a smaller version of the eiffel tower and a huge fake hot - air balloon , but it was still dwarfed by the tower , even though i knew it was smaller than the real thing .
the mp5 was the thing most likely to freak the mundanes and the casino security .
if they 'd truly been animals , we could have used things to disguise our scent , but if we smelled strongly of something weird , they 'd know it was all wrong .
the underwire gave , and the whole thing slid down my arms , so that my breasts spilled out .
it was stuck there , like a tiny string of roast beef between two molars c a small thing , actually , but feeling as big as a cinderblock .
he had known that this was his last season at the overlook ever since he had seen that thing in the bathtub of room 217 .
and under no conditions would she allow the three of them to get into the rickety thing together .
and his temper , same thing .
` ` the clock and the timer may keep slightly different times , george , but i never touched the dial on the damned thing .
he came running to her with a large gray thing in his hands , and for one comic - horrible moment wendy thought it was a brain .
the damn thing was defective .
big thing with white leather covers .
i got you this hotel thing , a nice quiet place for you to get yourself together , finish your play , and wait it out until harry effinger and i could convince the rest of those guys that they made a big mistake .
it would almost come as a relief if he would lose it , blow off steam , in much the same way that he went down to the basement first thing in the morning and last thing at night to dump the press on the boiler .
the first bar he 'd been in for nineteen months and the damned thing was dry - just his luck .
there was not a thing out of place .
he 's right in the damn thing .
` ` next thing we 'll be seeing things . ''
in the corner was a stack of shuffleboard weights and a roque set - the wickets banded together with twists of wire , the brightly painted balls in an egg - carton sort of thing ( strange hens you have up here , watson ... yes , and you should see the animals down on the front lawn , ha - ha ) , and the mallets , two sets of them , standing in their racks .
you keep that thing off the top end goin home , you hear me ?
a low iron wailing sound was building up in the guts of the thing .
she stifled an urge to keep asking , to keep picking around the edges of the thing .
and perhaps the thing that was now raving through the bedroom , overturning things and smashing them , would finally collapse before it could go after her son .
he began to shufe and shake his fists at the ruined thing before him .
sometime while he had been sleeping off his drive across america , she had gone out and stocked up on every goddam thing in the world that he liked .
things would look smaller and yet better there , and he would not feel intimidated by the rank , smelly , and sometimes dangerous vitality of the place the way he had as a child , when he and buddy marx or just he alone would scuttle down here to see the 99 - cent double features or to stare at the glittering junk in the windows of the shops and arcades and poolhalls .
singing or chanting or some damn thing .
the whole thing could blow at any second .
it meant that all the people who had died quietly in their apartments and tenements were now rotting in ovens , and whenever he thought of that his mind returned to the thing he had seen in the comfort station on transverse number one .
with something like horror , larry noticed for the first time that she was wearing expensive open - toed sandals , probably in the eighty - dollar range , just the thing for a four - block stroll along fifth avenue while window - shopping , but for a long walk - a hike , really - like the one they hart been making ...
` ` hey , listen , put that thing down ... is it loaded ?
once upon a time he had n't known why he had bothered hurting his fingers to unscrew the damn thing .
a porch slanted out from the house , a splintery old thing held up with old , oil - clotted jacklifters .
once there had been a larry underwood who 'd had a moderate hit record , who had visions of becoming the elton john of his time ... oh my dear , how jerry garcia would laugh at that ... and now that fellow had been transmuted into this broken thing crawling on the black hottop of route 9 somewhere in southeastern new hampshire , crawling , just a crawling kingsnake , that was him .
` ` if you 'd let that thing slip , i would ' ve spent the rest of my life zipping my fly with my teeth .
dismally he realized he would never be able to relax completely while she was riding that thing .
she was like a dinosaur which had no business still wearing its flesh over its bones , a thing whose proper place was in a museum ( or a graveyard ) .
this one was a beauty , a car someone had worked on for years , put thousands of dollars into , the kind of thing you usually only saw at funnycar shows , a labor of love .
` ` it 's a steam - table kinda thing . ''
his second thought had to do with the trowel : my god , is he going to let me have it with that thing ?
there was a beaten silver collar around its thick neck , a thing of handsome , barbarous beauty , and from it dangled a small stone of blackest jet ... and in the center was a small red flaw , like an eye .
we ' ve had a search - party out for three days now and we have n't found a thing .
there was a whine of feedback from the pa and stu muttered , ` ` goddam thing , '' which was clearly picked up and broadcast .
his fly was pulled down and the ridiculous thing , made even more ridiculous by the white cotton in which it was swaddled ( thank god he had changed clothes after his shower ) , popped out like jack from his box .
` ` will that thing get you there ? ''
at one point last night she 'd had to bite her lips together to stifle the cries : stop that fooling around and stick me with that thing !
the door closed , and the thing that harold had made sat in the open shoebox in the gloom .
ca n't you move this fucking thing any faster ? ''
she turned toward him , her smile rich and inviting , thinking that she would like to take him downstairs to the kitchen and stuff that thing he was so goddam proud of into whitney horgan 's industrial meat - grinder .
` ` and take that thing off .
you burn the fucking thing ! ` `
` ` the last thing he showed us was one of those incendiary fuses .
trashy 's showin us , just about droolin over the thing , in fact , and freddy campanari says , ' hey , people who play with fire wet the bed , trash . '
in terre haute they had made him bite on a rubber thing when they gave him the shocks , and the man at the controls sometimes looked like the father - killing sheriff and sometimes like carley yates and sometimes like hatch cunnilingus .
he twisted his head and saw that clamped to his side and protruding from the black sleeve was a hard , pinching thing like a claw or a jointed talon .
a toothbrush was a thing meant to be seen in a well - lighted bathroom , a thing to be used with cotton pajamas on the body and warm slippers on the feet .
a toothbrush was a thing meant to be seen in a well - lighted bathroom , a thing to be used with cotton pajamas on the body and warm slippers on the feet .
to jack it looked small and cheap , the sort of thing you might get for knocking over all three wooden milk - bottles in a carnival game .
jack imagined the way that rickety thing must be swaying and felt his stomach turn over .
and the small silver thing in his hand had turned to a small rod tipped with crawling blue fire .
he had had no choice , of course ; wolf had been drowning , and even if he had n't drowned , morgan would have crisped him with whatever that lightning - rod thing had been .
he pointed at a thing with a light going off and on inside it .
' wolf , i 'll bet you 're great at sniffing out herbs and things back in the territories , but this is the country of bad smells , remember ?
he pushed the whole thing into his mouth with his palm .
he had thought for a moment or two that it was some sort of a dead beetle , or the husk of its shell - he thought if he got closer he would perhaps see the spider 's web the thing was caught in .
he had been shocked at the idea of strait - jackets , and although he had seen the box - a big ugly iron thing which sat in the home 's back yard like a weird abandoned refrigerator - he could n't believe that gardener actually put boys in it .
he let go of heck 's hand , and jack saw a horrible crushed thing that looked like a mangled pinwheel .
' i thought maybe he was in that recordin - studio thing they got , but he was n't .
' let 's get him out of that thing . '
' shoot it , sonny , shoot the fucking thing ! '
oh jacky , hurts , that hurts me - jacky shambled forward and grabbed gardener 's digital clock ; it was simply the first thing that came to hand .
' looks like this thing was ripped right off'n its hinges , ' the fellow looking at the door called into the box .
' this goddam thing ... they kept kids in here , paulie !
and once i saw a dead cat on the garbage thing out in back that did n't have any eyes or ears .
he asks , but when he looks down he sees not a human hand but a scaly green thing covered with writhing suckers , a green thing attached to a long , rubbery arm which stretches off into the darkness and toward a pair of yellow , upslanted eyes that stare at him with flat hunger .
he asks , but when he looks down he sees not a human hand but a scaly green thing covered with writhing suckers , a green thing attached to a long , rubbery arm which stretches off into the darkness and toward a pair of yellow , upslanted eyes that stare at him with flat hunger .
she 's ready to go , first thing in the morning !
' can you drive that thing , jack ?
then he had realized that jack was serious about getting him on that thing , and he had freaked - and , strangely , it had been the idea of ending up in california which had disturbed him most .
jack watched as the ugly thing completely disappeared into the red powder .
when jack nodded , richard said , ' well , that was it , really ... when i saw that thing , i knew i was n't just making everything up .
but i guess maybe it 's the only thing that could have ... you know ... ' ' convinced you ? '
' only one person in the whole world could ever touch that thing , and he 'll never even get close to it , rich .
- but on the whole , i think i like the thing best right where it is . '
jack blessed his luck - five minutes later , and a renegade wolf with an oversized gun would have ended his quest for that great singing thing in the hotel .
i brought this l'il thing along , he'p you out some . '
' i do n't know if i 'll be able to get richard on this thing , ' he said , not complaining but merely thinking out loud .
you thought you 'd have plenty of time to pull your finger off - ' hell , ' you thought , ' the thing does n't even start to get red for almost a minute ' - but it burned right away , did n't it ?
you ' ve lost , boy - did you really think that puny little thing could get you past me ?
it was a thing of immense power ... but it was fragile .
sink the fucking thing . '
the silver catch on his cloak swung loose and low as he moved , and jack saw that the silver thing had nothing at all to do with the cape , which was held by a simple unadorned dark cord .
he thought for a moment that it was a tiny golf - club , the sort of thing a woman might take off her charm - bracelet and wear around her neck , just for the fun of it .
in sloat 's other hand , outstretched in a curious echo of jack 's own posture , was the keylike thing which had just sent a lightning - bolt snapping into the sand beside jack .
' drop that damned thing before i cut your head off .
saw the key become a thing like a miniature lightning - rod .
' just fill the friggin thing in and never mind thinkin about it ! '
it 's the only thing that fits . '
' it was the closest thing to hand , that 's all , ' he said testily .
' you 're thinking you could brain me with that thing , are n't you , sis ? '
' do what i say or i 'll cut your fucking head off with this thing ! '
donaldson lurched down the corridor , veering from one side to the other , sometimes even banging off the walls like a pinball striking one of those lighted posts that score the player 100,000 points or a free game or some fucking thing .
as a rule , he hated that fucking thing ... had thrown it across the room on more than one occasion .
' i ought to call thad first thing , ' he said .
what , exactly , would that thing be ?
stupid damned thing .
looking at that little circle of plastic , he thought , you 'd have no idea how badly the damned thing hurts .
the guy will probably never call back , he thought , and if he does , he wo n't be able to tell me a goddam thing i can use - how could he ?
and while i do that , you 're gon na go upstairs and pack whatever duds and other things your babies will need down at your summer place .
is it that sticker thing ?
and what good is it , writing a thing , if no one wants to read it ? '
there were no windows in here ; give me a window down here by the lake , thad had told liz once , and what i 'll do is write two words and then stare out of the damned thing for two hours , watching the boats go by .
thad picked up the notebook and began to read - and , unlike stark , he read the whole thing .
he remembered a time when he had been seven , she had come into his room without knocking - she never knocked - and had caught him playing with his thing .
his thing was standing up now .
' did you know i can look right at your optic nerve with this thing ?
' what 's wrong with this thing ? '
stupid damn thing .
answering her condolence note had been difficult , but with a note it was always possible to crumple the thing up and start again if it began to go in directions it should n't go , if it began to overstep the bounds of friendship , which was all they were now allowed to share .
we 're gon na have plenty good money once we get this thing rolling , but i figure we 'll have to prime the pump .
that thing at cole 's farm .
then he swooped that thing toward me and put a helluva ding in the side of the car i was driving .
of course , i did n't get jean - claude on the phone first thing .
` ` she ca n't tell on you , because she 'd be afraid you 'd tell them that she has a thing for your stripper boyfriend .
she patted his shoulder and checked the iv almost automatically , but she also adjusted the little knobby thing on it .
he held me as if i were the last safe thing in the world .
` ` get that thing out of him , '' claudia said .
the thing that had come out of the darkness had been a vampire that smelled like a wolf and had claws like a powerful shapeshifter .
it was the sort of thing you sometimes see photos of in the paper on a slow newsday , with a humorous caption beneath .
christ jesus , get this frigging thing off me ! ''
ollie killed the generator , and just as the lights started to fail , i saw a quilted rug - the sort of thing movers use to pad breakable things - flopped over a stack of returnable soda bottles .
we had matches , of course , and salt ( someone said vaguely that he had heard salt was the thing to put on bloodsuckers and things like that ) ; and all kinds of o'cedar mops and long - handled brooms .
there was something almost horribly comic about it , too , because it also looked a little like one of those strange creations of vinyl and plastic you can buy for $ 1.89 to spring on your friends ... in fact , exactly the sort of thing norton had accused me of planting in the storage area .
it was a flying thing .
it scooped the pink thing in and was gone .
a thick spray of insect - killer coated the thing .
he screamed and grabbed for the first thing handy , which happened to be the telephone .
he glanced at his father again before his eyes were dragged back to the thing his big brother had found .
but before they went , he would get rid of the damned thing for good .
` ` who 'd want an ugly old thing like that ?
death before dishonor was , after all , just the sort of a thing a hoodoo traveling man like this was apt to have on his arm .
while the computers on the other end processed his order , he went back and used a poker to jab at the blackened , twisted thing in the fireplace .
no reason that hulk of a car should have been there , either ... but it was easier to explain than a stove or a refrigerator or any other damn thing actually buried in the ground .
first , the thing did not sink back into the earth as she had at first thought .
her first impression , that the thing in the ground was the corner of something , was n't true after all c or not necessarily true .
then it was gone and she set off toward the place where it was , that odd thing in the ground , listening to the crickets make their steady ree - ree - ree sounds in this small back field which would soon be ready for its first cutting .
she dropped the shovel she had been using and backed away from the thing in the earth c the thing that was no plate , no box , not anything she could understand .
she 'd gotten the angle of the thing right , anyway .
she had forgotten what the damned thing was , that was the only problem .
but she could maybe get a rough idea c always assuming her impression of just how much the thing 's edge curved was accurate c by estimating the thing 's center point ... bobbi went back to the hall table and opened its middle drawer , which was a sort of catch - all .
but she could maybe get a rough idea c always assuming her impression of just how much the thing 's edge curved was accurate c by estimating the thing 's center point ... bobbi went back to the hall table and opened its middle drawer , which was a sort of catch - all .
sitting in the rocker again , anderson turned to a fresh sheet and drew the leading edge of the thing in the earth for the third time .
and yes , the idea that the thing in the earth was some sort of spaceship certainly was mad ... but was playing with the possibility , at least until it was disproven , mad ?
the benjamin button routine apparently had n't done a thing for the beagle 's equanimity , anderson thought ; once through his puppyhood storms , peter had been so laid - back he was damn near paralytic .
' goddam thing better rhyme , too , ' the farmer had said , fixing a stony eye upon gardener .
he had time to think he had never read the damned thing at all , that it had just been a vivid hallucination in the moment or two before the faint .
but she seemed to be in the process of modifying the thing somehow c hooking it , in fact , into the workings of a boom - box radio the size of a small suitcase .
the engine was still in there , but now it was tarted up with the weirdest array of gadgets and attachments imaginable c gardener found himself thinking of the doorbell / radio thing on the table in anderson 's basement , and wondering if bobbi meant to put it on the tomcat soon ... maybe it was radar , or something .
you look like i felt after i found the thing in the woods . '
' bobbi c ' ' there 's a gadget like the thing in the water heater and the one behind my typewriter in the junction box out back , but that one 's the granddaddy of them all . '
it was the sort of thing you would have seen only if you were looking for it .
' i was out of egg cartons by then , and the thing was going to have too many batteries for just one or two anyway .
it stood at the edge of anderson 's dig , and it was dwarfed both by the excavation and the thing which was being unearthed .
' look at that thing . '
at the bottom of the cut , the thing disappeared into the earth .
the hill had made the thing harder to get out ... so she had simply removed half the hillside to make it easier .
and yet here was such a thing c it had been here all the while , as centuries passed above it like minutes .
' you do n't really think that thing belongs to anyone , do you ?
good christ , gard , that thing was fifty million years old when the forebears of the whole damned human race were squatting on their hunkers in caves and picking their noses ! '
do you think they 're going to come down here and say , ` ` please come to washington with us , ms anderson , the joint chiefs of staff are very anxious to hear your ideas on this matter , not only because you own -well , used to own c the land the thing is on , but because the joint chiefs always poll western writers before they decide what they should do about such things .
' whatever else it is , ' he muttered , ' the goddam thing must be one hell of a brain booster .
gardener heard himself screaming in a rage that was , for a change , totally sober : what about the thing you just broke ?
we ca n't talk with that thing running .
jesus told her not to be a fool ; if she could follow a recipe , she could build this little thing .
she had begun this little thing yesterday , working with the toaster , the motor from her old hamilton beach blender , and a funny board full of electronics things which had come from the back of an old radio in the shed .
one of them was a thing that set up harmonic waves in the earth 's crust c waves which could possibly trigger an earthquake big enough to tear the state wide open and send the eastern half sliding into the atlantic .
mabel thought it would make a dirty , tiresome job much easier and wondered why she had never made such a gadget before c or why , for goodness ' sake , there were n't places where you could buy them , since it was a perfectly easy thing to make and those gooks over there in korea could probably turn them out by the ton .
as they uncovered more and more of it , she could see a much smaller cylinder , this one steel , perhaps ten feet across and five feet high , protruding , nipple - like , from the center of the thing .
he was thinking of the thing in the back of his truck , the thing under the tarp .
he was thinking of the thing in the back of his truck , the thing under the tarp .
goddam thing had fallen over again .
some had shot themselves , using loaded guns for crutches to help them climb over fallen trees , or dropping them , or some damn thing .
if you do n't have a permit to use such a thing c and i know goddam well you do n't c it could get you thrown into jail . '
he had seen the potato - masher with dreadful , ineluctable clarity , a gray - black thing spinning in the snow .
dugan pulled it up , and the two men started toward that glittering thing in the woods .
christ , i wish he had n't got that thing swinging .
' you left me down there with that thing going , asshole , ' he said .
he staggered away to a stump and sat down , wondering if the goddam thing had stayed watertight all these years , wondering what the fair market price was for a flying saucer with water damage .
we ca n't leave that thing c he nodded toward the oscillating clock tower c the way it is .
moss carried the thing which had once been a metal - detector in one hand , and something which looked like a walkie - talkie handset in the other .
the neurosurgeon in the crashed plane , that old man and the big state cop , maybe the lady constable , mrs mccausland , maybe the two other state cops who had disappeared , maybe even the brown kid ... how much of this could be laid at the door of this thing he was staring at , which was jutting out of the ground like the breeching snout of the greatest white whale ever dreamed of ?
the packet charges they had used to chop up the bedrock holding the ship fast were more powerful than dynamite , but they did n't even scratch the hull of the thing .
this was the way in ; this was the closest they had been to the tommyknockers and their secrets , their first real sign that this ridiculous thing was n't just solid through and through ( the thought had occurred to him ; what a cosmic joke that would have been ) .
you get a jolt every time you touch the thing ; what 's going to happen if you 're foolish enough to go inside ?
the whole thing was uttering a low sleepy hum c a sound he associated with ( use the transformer ) big electrical equipment .
there should be ten or twelve big old delcos hooked up to that thing .
his hand jerked at the thought and he dropped the goddam thing .
but he thought maybe that bobbi c the old bobbi c would let him live long enough to see the interior of the strange thing they had worked so long to dig up .
the thing 's plastic case began to smoke .
' where did that thing come from , anyway ? '
i just hope that thing 's batteries do n't go flat while we 're down there . '
human handprints inside this thing which had come from god knew where .
he turned , expecting to see one of them , a grinning thing with a dog 's head , holding a cable with a plug tip in one hand : just bend down , mr gardener ; this wo n't hurt a bit .
in a second or two the door of that thing will open and 0 .
it looked like a madman 's hallucination , but the front of the machine proclaimed that , however much one might want to believe the contrary , this was the real thing .
work you goddam thing , oh please , please work but if it worked and he missed ?
the thing stood on a small square platform .
the thing was n't heavy , but it was awkward .
moss was wearing a down - filled vest but no shirt beneath ; the vest was simply the first thing to come to hand as he rushed out of the house .
moss 's pulp - truck and bobbi 's blue pickup were both in the thing 's final circumference ; the shed was barely beyond it , although its shape danced like a demon in the heat - haze .
this made that thing look like a box of lincoln logs .
it would do many of the things the transformer in the shed could do , but this thing , which had once been a furnace , was vitally different from the transformer in the shed in two respects .
he brought the sonic space blaster up , wondering how he could ever in the world hope to hit that thing , and at the same moment a wild thin shriek , like every mosquito in the world whining in perfect harmony , filled his ears ... his head ... his body .
i could n't have hit that thing all by myself .
annie oakley could n't have hit that thing without help .
this thing was a malignant tumor that needed quick removal .
' well , you weigh yourself again first thing in the morning , ' she said : ' no scales in the bathroom , ' halleck said comfortably .
leda rossington opened the door and looked at halleck as if she had never seen him before c the overhead light in the hall behind her caught her gaunt but aristocratic cheekbones , the black hair which was severely pulled back and showing just the first traces of white ( no , halleck thought , not white , silver ... leda 's never going to have anything as plebeian as white hair ) , the lawn - green dior dress , a simple little thing that had probably cost no more than fifteen hundred dollars .
' my man says it do n't mean a thing unless you go back to connecticut , william . '
it was important that his daughter got nowhere near that thing .
the blast of horror which had swept through him when he realized the thing on the seat was ginelli 's hand -that was really the last strong emotion he had felt tonight .
i kept screaming but for a while i was unable to move , unable to take my oily hand from his face , unable to take my eyes from that big greasy thing sticking out of his mouth -- the thing that had so distorted the shape of his face .
what 's the matter with this thing ?
you take one look down at a nice little town with a cute little name and say it reminds you of friday the 13th , part xx or some damn thing and you want to go back .
she looked at the thing in her hand again and wondered if there was a way she could use it .
things in the house began to seem subtly out of place , as if unfamiliar hands had been moving them around .
' this thing ought - ' ronnie began , and then stopped abruptly .
' you went out and bought that thing ? '
was it ... ' he cleared his throat , seemed to mentally spit on his hands ( that cursed efficiency thing again ) and then fairly wrenched the thing out .
you goddamned shitting thing ! '
it 's that needle valve thing .
' you 're getting blinded by that particular comparison , i ' ve heard you make it two hundred times since this thing blew , and it does n't fit ! '
' it was the first thing he showed me , like a kid with a toy , is n't this neat , you know - ' ' well , he 's only had it for a little while , ' charity said .
she looked out tad 's window and again her eyes fixed on that * thing lying in the high grass , that old friction - taped baseball bat .
i think he finally realized this thing was a lot heavier than a little nose candy stashed in the wheel well of his van .
he went down to the thing in the hall and it was n't an endtable .
she thrust the heavy end of the baseball bat at the saint bernard , and her heart sank at the unsteady way the thing wiggled in her hand - the handle was badly splintered , then .
- standing over the twisted and smashed thing in the driveway , striking it again and again with something that looked like a caveman 's club ... that turned his fear to a bright , silvery panic that almost precluded thought .
` ` would you like to know the best thing to use in getting rid of that stench ? ''
she took it and drank the whole damn thing .
joe began prying the thing loose .
we did n't see any aircraft , and no , the wind was n't blowing , and no , the thing was n't hot , and yes , it looked like a round rock .
she sits and studies the thing and waits for movement .
she was in orlando once , when she was little , and she remembers standing at the bottom of this terrific tall building and thinking that civilization 's got some crackerjack people working for its furtherance , and kicking at the base of the building with her foot to see if the whole thing would topple over , and seeing that it did n't and never ever would .
but there is one thing temple would n't mind keeping in her pocket to put her fingers around and feel on occasion - a ruby pendant shaped like a teardrop , like her island .
you poor thing , ruby says .
she takes one , a fighter jet , and tears the plastic open and holds the thing in the palm of her hand .
you 'd be surprised the things people 'll give for fresh - pick berries .
you 're a lively thing , ai n't you ?
then he takes the object and goes to the corner of the room and sits down on the floor with his knees drawn up , running his hands over the thing .
he holds the thing as a child would hold it , coveting the feel of it , keeping it protected until he is safely alone so that he can then gaze into it and take the full measure of its beauty .
she looks in his eyes , she sees herself reflected there , a creature of violence , a brutal thing , a sad thing .
he pulls it out and turns the thing over in his hands .
then he gestures with his chin to the thing maury is holding .
moses todd rolls the thing around in his palm , liking the absolute weight and shape of it .
moses recognizes it as a deep freeze , like a refrigerator toppled over onto its back - but since there is no electricity , the thing has become simple storage .
there is an awesome ugliness to the thing , and moses admires it .
he holds the thing up to the light .
he has never been one for computers , neither in the new world nor in the old , but this thing he recognizes as a something you plug into a computer port .
just a thing to collect .
that thing ai n't your parishioner any more , friar , moses says .
so he looks for the next best thing , a drugstore , but those too seem to have been looted clean a long time since .
the face itself was the thing .
the face was the thing in the end .
poor thing , says the vestal amata .
poor thing , says the vestal again .
he plays with the black plastic thing when he is bored , picking at its exposed metal end .
she says to me , hey , i know what that thing is .
you had a name for the thing around my brother 's neck .
she is a reckless thing , a shameful thing .
she is a reckless thing , a shameful thing .
he carries with him things he took from the satchel in the trunk of the car : a 9 mm pistol in one hand and in the other the massive bladed truncheon crafted for him weeks before by the tinkerer albert wilson jacks .
he pulls once , twice , at the handle , trying to dislodge the thing , but he is obviously unworthy of this particular excalibur , as it does not budge - and then he thinks that this is as good a resting place as any for the brutal bladed thing .
he pulls once , twice , at the handle , trying to dislodge the thing , but he is obviously unworthy of this particular excalibur , as it does not budge - and then he thinks that this is as good a resting place as any for the brutal bladed thing .
` ` that thing could give me a freaking heart attack . ''
i wish i 'd never seen the damn thing in the first place . ''
` ` maybe she 'll ditch the damn thing before she gets to the next bar .
the only thing i had on was a rubber glove .
too much spit , the thing would tear apart as you watch the tobacco fall down your front .
igod , the folks was afraid to plant the dang things and was afraid to throw them away lessen they might grow .
he d fill the dang thing up before noon and eat mushrooms all throughout the year .
she explained that she had wanted a whole bunch of things that people would n't let her have like her own snake -- a corn snake would do if they would n't let her have a real rattler -- and a plastic german world war two helmet , which did n't have to have a nazi sign on it if it upset them so much , but it had to look real , so that she could play with melvin jonson sometimes , and her parents had gotten mad at her for that and talked and talked about how that was bad until they made her cry , and a book called horrible ghost tales , and more importantly , her very own piece of a brain and she intended to get them all anyway .
i ' ve hated that thing for years ! ''
it seemed to her that if she sank the letter opener into the outer corner of the left eyelid she could make a prying motion at the glass eye and with luck the thing would pop out .
that poor thing all stuck up like that , thought stephanie , what a horror !
several lights were on like bright suns and for an instant stephanie could n't see a thing .
she crept across the carpet keeping an eye out for the lion 's glass eye ; she sure wished she had gotten that thing after all the trouble she 'd gone through .
it was some dumb mexican thing that grandpa liked , and she had touched the wiry beard once .
what good is this thing ? ''
they went to the same square that margaret was in , and margaret gave her a you poor thing look .
that s just the thing you need after having to cut your hair , she told jessica .
if her mother would be sensible , the poor thing would nt suffer with your kind .
just the thing , tucked away at the back .
she was still holding the blessed thing when peter had long gone .
although she could n't see the thing , she could feel it with her sensitive fingers .
the american stared at the thing , his gold ring festooned fingers drumming the counter top .
when her husband proudly handed over the cheque and then cautiously gave her the thing , she did n't know what to say .
two ugly 's in her home was far too many , in her opinion , with this final insult , billy did the only sensible thing he could think of , and with the thing tucked under his arm , he made his way to rick 's bar .
my brother was n't going to tell me how much the thing had cost to produce , but i was sure the figure had a lot of noughts on the end .
it was the sling seat on the hoist that had loosened the clod of dirt to expose the thing in the first place .
tony had carefully removed the surrounding compacted earth to reveal the profile of the thing .
the light was fading on his helmet lamp by the time he had the thing in his hands , safely unscathed in the carry cage underneath the seat .
my husband tells me not to be so stupid and just read the damned thing .
if you just get rid of that bubble thing , i suggested with a wave of my hand , we can go to the kitchen .
out of the frying pan into the overflowing rubbish bin and got the thing up to a high enough temperature to kill off any bacteria threatening to evolve into a higher life form and emptied the packet of fish fingers into it .
janet eyed the concoction suspiciously , and wondered how on earth she was going to drink whatever it was with the tiny umbrella , the cherry on a pick and a plastic thing shaped like a walking stick , all promising to leave permanent scarring on her face .
i ca nt find any way to crack this thing open .
in my investigations i must have put it down , and tracing back my recollections , i figure i must have left it on top of the thing i m crouched behind , only over at the other side .
right this minute , i ve decided that a rest from the commodore screen is in order , seeing as just staring at that thing forever can get to causing the occasional pain in the noggin .
i have seen others use the thing to obtain a cold meat sandwich , so i figure that iapetus v should at least be able to work that out .
hell , maybe 's we 're all zipping around in time on this thing .
no wonder every damn thing is fancy and got powers that you hardly even read about in amazing stories .
sometimes all i gets is a couple of little lights flashing on a wall , or a pipe rumbling , but almost every time i poke at this thing , something happens on this sputnik .
only thing that did n't get set to normal was the big old metal shutter that was over the window .
what did this thing do to me ?
it 's just like before , when i blew a syntax error , only this time things make it seem like the whole place is alive , and turned over a lot more helpings of fruit - loop pie .
unless somebody pulls the plug and drains the whole damn thing .
except that most dogs wo nt go near the darned thing and the little one that did almost drowned , jeff shouted as he fell over backwards off the footstool he was perched on onto the floor holding his sides as he laughed .
but presented with an artificial egg much larger than the real thing , even as large as the bird itself , the poor bird brain ca nt help herself .
while he was in the process of developing his ad he had given the thing to a number of friends and acquaintances to see if any of them could think of a possible use for it .
with considerable fanfare , which included an expensive tv saturation campaign in seven major markets , he launched nirgin 2 , an entirely different but equally useless device with a contest offering $ 100 prizes to anyone who could come up with any practical use for the thing .
who designed this dumb thing and hid the button in the decorative trim ?
the counter top is made of a special epoxy ... how do we fast forward this thing , mac ?
things had been spruced up a bit over the years - a new aluminum siding facade had been put on the building and the pharmacy area counter top now contained prominent displays of items that were always carefully hidden away under the counter before .
what i had in mind was things that you might have tucked away some place .
danny , you start tomorrow , first thing .
trudy needed something to hurl , to smash , but the only thing at hand was a bag of sliced bread .
when the pcs come up with something brilliant or deal at least 20 damage to the thing the portal screams in outrage and dies .
the whole thing is electrified and when you break off pieces it no longer works , this also means if they can find the reactor they can power down the defenses of the whole place .
lex luthers voice in your head is cackling about how he s going to use this thing to harness your power and leave you a burnt out husk and somehow you know he s telling the truth .
what did they call that thing that made mothers want to strangle their babies ?
but his face had become a strange , contorting thing , one eyebrow up in surprise , his mouth opening and closing like a bass on a dock .
just the tiniest thing !
the poor thing was so confused , and michelle took the blame for that .
just the thing for a 105 percentile - weight baby boy two months old .
that bell thing .
get this thing started and lets go .
chapter 24 chicago i dropped off the books at the county sheriffs office first thing on friday morning , nice drive .
the thing would be a hard thing to fence .
its a good thing preacher roy cut a big chunk out of that thing or else you might never have woke up .
that thing belongs back in the 60s , i told myself while i stared at the strange sight .
do nt need a thing , he responded .
i knew this job would be just the thing you were looking for .
the whole thing sat right in the middle .
right then i made up my mind to give carlton a call monday morning , first thing .
as far as i was concerned , admiring more than one ornately designed , porcelain boxy thing over did it .
for years , the know - it - alls have been assuring us that we are naturally moving away from a country that manufactures things to a country where we manage the worlds financial affairs .
this thing might actually go down .
she s a cunning thing but she s done me a good turn , that s for sure !
greg slammed open the cover on the copier , an enormous green thing with ten distribution trays extending upwards from the right hand side .
jonathan had never seen such a thing before , and it struck him as rather disorganized , since a careless or unknowing person could easily be soaked .
` ` no , i m just saying i do nt having a signal thing in my room , and i do nt think you have one in yours . ''
i liked brushing my teeth first thing in the morning .
it did nt escape any of us that he was wearing the signature fanny pack , but then again he could secure that thing in one fluid moment , and supposedly there were medical supplies inside .
this thing is dumb anyhow .
that thing blew .
at the end of the table was a large yellow - looking tarp thing or maybe a plastic suit .
more than likely , he considered this thing to be a uniform .
have you got a consent to turn that thing upside down laddy ?
yes it took virgil a lot of fidgeting and fiddling to get the dam thing to work .
their favourite play thing was an apple seed that louie had found and dried on the stove so that it had gone hard and bouncy .
i m not exaggerating when i tell you that the thing was like a bloody traffic cone and once lit there was no going back to normality until the weed had decided that it had had enough of making you laugh uncontrollably followed by forcing you to stuff yourself stupid with whatever food you could get your hands on .
the thing stinks .
that thing never looked real after they sewed it back on .
tex yells , please , someone help move this damn thing !
for godssake , lydia , put that thing away .
i ve almost got this thing licked and you re gon na blow the whole thing .
i ve almost got this thing licked and you re gon na blow the whole thing .
damn , we 're going to have follow that thing are n't we ?
the bear 's head popped back inside , a few minutes later it re - appeared , ok you can go in , but do not touch a thing !
well , now you do nt have to worry about that because the top is never going to go back on the goddamn thing because of the way i have trodden on it underfoot !
they were all left looking at the balloon thing and then sonia said she had to go home , and she headed for her truck .
my boss bought that thing a few days ago .
willy was about to go crazy searching for that thing and when they did nt even know if it was in any kind of shape to take off - roading .
look at the bubbles on that thing , willy said , speaking of the tailings pond .
i - i there was only one thing she could think of .
lost secret shopping mall was nt the most exciting place in the world , but it was the only thing the town had .
was she actually at the top of that huge thing ?
the only thing you ca n't have is anything sweet . ''
this is one thing you 'll need to learn to use . ''
you honestly think he 's the best thing for lost secret ? ''
dangit , this thing wo nt go straight .
just do nt tuck the thing in !
torched it , the entire building , people running and screaming , things exploding , a vast conflagration that had michael and redbear grinning like cheshire kittens , their clothes on fire and their soles melted as they ran and screamed with engineers and producers , charging up and down corridors waving flaming swivel chairs and brandishing charred coffee percolators , the fire they brought engorged on non - flame retardant drapes , blinds and furnishings , spreading outward from its studio source and swallowing timber , cracking glass , melting plastic , until all that was heard was a roar , what michael would later think of as a cheer , a celebration of a freedom bought with heat and violent gas reaction , the broadcasting paraphernalia it consumed bringing a quiet and a calm to the lobes of those afflicted by the stations previous vacuous outpourings , misrepresented as entertainment and delivered with an unappetizing sluggishness , a complacent lack of adventure , a lip - service to choice and a sneer , just barely disguised , at the innocent folk who had to stomach it all yes !
but how to find such a thing and where to begin to look ?
the thing was drawn , as sylvester was drawn , given to favour certain courses .
it was larger though , rougher in texture , a hessian sack , the sort of thing coconuts came in .
i d found a very cute tiara - type thing to put in my wig , as daniel had said they needed to hide a teeny video cam somewhere on my person to record everything , kind of like a dashboard cam the police use in their cruisers .
and kevin hit him back with the first thing that came to hand , yes ?
you do nt know how smart this thing is !
dang thing 's real you know , aye .
chapter 62 i ca nt believe you talked me into seeing this damn thing .
he swiped it again , mimicking cymbals being tapped lightly with that metal fan thing ; he could nt remember what it was called .
do nt think so , poor thing must have died on impact , mark put his hand on sparkys chest .
so , are you going to jab me with that thing or not ?
the whole thing could explode any moment .
we have to drop this thing !
the schoolhouse , which also served as the town church on sundays , was being decorated by the ladies aid with every pretty , frilly thing they could find .
( it had nt been used since then , since no one had died in town since mitch arrived ) mitch seemed to be in kind of a daze , with a rather goofy , nervous smile on his face , and he kept fiddling with the flower in his buttonhole so much that the poor thing was soon a mangled mess .
i could hardly play the stupid thing anyway .
i was too busy trying to work out how to drive the bloody thing .
i need the only thing that s lacking from my collection at the moment .
the only thing with which i can save the life of your friend over there .
i felt around the bed without opening my eyes , trying to find the thing .
my mom has been trying out a new thing almost every weekend since left my dad a year ago , saying that she wanted to find herself .
she thrust her arm at me , showing off a clunky orange , turquoise and yellow , sparkly bracelet : possibly the ugliest thing i d ever seen .
not much more than six - years old , she was a tiny little thing .
for a long second there was nothing and i was about to open my eyes for a look when the thing suddenly lit .
they ll be hosing that thing out thoroughly for hours tomorrow .
she drew it up and bandied the thing , wielding it like a sword , brandishing it upward and whisking it about .
a dripping jacuzzi would be the perfect thing to keep the soil moist .
the trunk had been left empty for roberts things .
i knew everyone liked a good muffin top , but the entire thing was baked to perfection .
pinching the tail of one of the crustaceans between my fingers , i coated it with cocktail sauce and put the entire thing in my mouth .
the entire thing rattled as he struggled to get it onto the counter .
is it nice driving this thing ?
i grabbed the first thing i felt to wipe myself clean , too bad it was an expensive - looking , beige and lace designer top .
same thing , i said flatly .
i watched as he took a caca cracker from the plate and popped the whole thing into his mouth .
um i just picked up some things from my place and joe told me that pervos been lurking around my building .
i did nt touch his thing i said , quietly .
what like grab his thing .
there were racks of costumes , toys , big wooden blocks , mannequins , odd looking furniture , crates and trunks of miscellaneous camera equipment , and other things that i did nt recognize .
tio helped the limo driver load our things into the trunk , he then decided to ride shot gun leaving moo and i in the back .
if she did that to me i d rip the thing out of her hand and break it in half .
if you did nt get palatable dana plough first thing in the morning , it was nt going to come that day .
i ve been waiting here in this ridiculous thing for almost an hour .
i told you i was looking for one specific woman , not anyone with a birth canal able to pop out a -- a -- whatever the hell that thing was .
he was happy for the interaction , even though he could tell a wannabe gothic ghoul from the real thing .
will you kindly shut that damn thing off ! ?
so you get good mileage on this thing ?
that was first and last time we ever watched that horrible thing .
i said at the time , if this is the kind of thing they ll put on the television , we do nt need it .
you just had me spend an hour on the floor breaking into this thing for probably nothing ?
and what do you think you re doing with that thing ?
it was the most magnificent thing she had ever seen and the sheer power emanating from it was inspiration in the grotesque .
you were great in that thing i saw you in .
i thought this thing was lost ?
i ve driven this thing through rougher terrain than this .
suddenly the camera to him was a thing of truth and beauty , not as metrodine 's pr department saw it , a tool in the war of reality , a weapon deployed against revolution .
once you had a thing it was easy selling to the masses .
the damned thing is going to be burning in a fire !
wow , what a creepy looking thing , she said , leaning over to get a better look at the slimy little vampire .
you re always writing in that thing , janet said .
i m not going near that thing !
are you sure that thing is safe ?
you re not thinking about sitting on that thing and peeing , are you ?
i thought of all the things i could have bought with that nickel a bag of m & ms , a milky way bar or an orange popsicle .
each time our car neared the very top , conrad would rock back and forth , making the whole thing swing .
every time i looked at the darned thing , i knew i d be thinking about conrads childish rocking on the ferris wheel and i d get mad at him all over again .
watch it with that thing , will ya ?
burn this thing and start overand remember , what people want to read is the dirt , sweetie .
` ` i ' m calling the management first thing in the morning .
she 'd like to delete that thing with a keystroke .
` ` what 's the strongest thing you ' ve got to drink ? ''
apparently the stupid thing had been on the market since queen victoria had fallen off her perch .
against common sense i ended up buying a huge dream catcher thing .
the shop owner said it was the best thing he had for warding off evil spirits .
i mean , it looked too much like the real thing .
like i , a skint dvd rental shop worker , would know the real thing ?
based on films i d seen it looked like the real thing , which meant it was even more likely to be fake .
ermi thought you found this grail thing ?
he puffed on his cigarette holder , presumably waiting for me to ask him to continue , but given that i had a sharp pointy thing pressed against the base of my spine , i just sort of shut up .
he was so attached to the thing , i expected him to lunge at me instinctively , but there was no response .
you see the pirates are all stood around that fireplace thing ?
` ` it 's because everyone wants too many things , but there is n't enough money to pay for them all , so they buy cheap imitations of the real thing .
he paused , and added with a straight face , ` ` things made of wood . ''
look at the size of this place , '' he said and wandered around touching things .
that 's how he 'd recently discovered authentic italian fishing motifs were no longer the very latest thing , and so he planned to have el maximo redone in the style of a tuscan palazzo .
no one 's got , you know , a thing that big . ''
i had no idea the thing was going to explode in my face like that , nearly blinding me . ''
i only bought the damned thing three days ago . ''
` ` i am very well aware that you are way too skilled with that thing to stab yourself . ''
that thing probably broke the very first time he used it .
` ` what 's up with that ' things and stuff ' thing ? ''
he had no idea how big that thing would be , and he wanted to be prepared .
this thing still could run , it just needed a bit more fire ...
we were midway between suef and biba when we found the first body , a torn and withered thing which no one was able to identify .
punching the buttons with furious futility , he growled under his breath , this thing burns up its battery faster than the spanish inquisition .
the thing must have weighed a ton as joe b. hefted it up the stairs , one herniated step at a time .
this heres a pretty little thing .
you expect me to drive that thing ?
perhaps he might even score the real thing from a shady character on the street .
the thing in your hand .
the sunbeam is truly a wonderful thing , and an object of undoubted power , but how can you possibly see it saving the universe when the peril has not been shown to us ?
there s a few lights over there i suppose , and a big , swirly gas thing , ooh and my reflection .
i m usually sat inside the thing and from in there she looks marvellous .
i was once adopted as a moon , but every time i go to throw the thing out it distracts me .
you re staring at that thing again me duck .
they re just a little distracted by that thing in their hands .
the amount of tracking devices that thing will have on it .
` ` the thing will go off .
every room , house , street , district , city , county , planet , solar system , galaxy and even the universe itself has such a thing . ''
i do n't think we 're going to be able to land this thing bobby , even if we wanted to .
` ` can we do that through this thing ? ''
it 's also the only thing in the trailer except an armchair , a small card - table and a standard lamp .
pretty little red thing , nicely polished .
watch where you 're sticking that thing . ''
throwing caution to the wind , you pull the damn thing out and leave it on a park bench , like a guilty , throbbing little secret .
ill procure my belongings and return ready for work first thing in the morning .
first thing in the morning , get out there and start spreading the word .
how much did this ugly thing cost ?
i mean , this thing is here , all straight and erect and thrusting into the blue sky ... leah said .
you know , played all the games there are to play sort of thing ?
i just cleaned this thing , leah replied .
oh , lordy , i hope that thing does not break .
let 's go find that thing before someone gets seriously hurt .
you did n't tell us that thing was so strong , leah said angrily .
the only thing i think she looks for is something that 's natural fibers .
wait , i thought this thing was something only a senior could sit on or something ?
she 's a pretty little thing , even with the glasses .
you really can play that thing !
turn this thing up to eleven , leah said .
isabella took the plastic thing from leah .
she brandished the plastic thing behind her back .
damn , that thing is hot .
yeah , i ' m not getting this off without some tools so i ' m going to guess i ' ve got the same thing .
okay , now let 's see if i can actually disarm this thing .
hey , what 's this thing in my hand ?
what is wrong with this stupid thing ?
fucking a , you could violate the shit of the perp with this thing .
aspen broke into tears when she saw the finished product , but doug proclaimed it just the thing ; he would give it to cuddy .
hell claim i walked into crown molding , or some damn thing .
that s the type of thing that keeps homeland security up at night .
i m not allowed to drive so i should just suck it up , get over it and sell the damn thing .
the only thing sitting in front of doug was the newspaper the chairman had angrily pitched at him .
you sure that thing can be trusted ?
regardless of what that thing said , andre turned around , i m gon na keep working on the portal .
the stupid thing was that he found he was excellent with his hands and could make things out of any old scraps .
cut the bull and get the damn thing out !
now play the damn thing , he said , and then raised his voice to tell everyone to shut up , while rudely shoving the now dizzy and disoriented black lady on to the sofa .
shoot the lock off this thing , he said pointing down at the cage .
ecomog troop numbers at checkpoints , roads leading through the bush to and from tubmanburg , that sort of thing .
` ` you can have the bloody thing as long as angel is turned over to me .
so the dog now has the thing in his mouth , running around the dining room table in front of all the relatives just as the turkey is about to be served .
the dog ran off with it like it was a toy or something , but go ahead , stick the thing in me and let 's see what 's what ... '' .
not only did they turn the table on me , they proceeded to run the damned thing , then flip it over on their way out the door . ''
all right , he thought , and stuck on the computer and idled ten minutes while it took the thing to load .
levin louched out his window , rattling the old plastic frame , lousy lock that had never kept the thing shut , always rattling at night .
radio , radio is that thing going to play any music ?
is that thing going to play any music ?
is that thing ever going to play any music ?
shit up your own fuckin he d is that thing ever going to play some music ?
do nt even have a machine to play the thing on .
well heres the fucking thing .
then we fork into our wallet and get the thing .
somebody take this thing off me , he muttered .
it gave the thing a more authentic feel .
if you ve got to use that damned thing , do it outside !
` ` well now that you ' ve thoroughly put me off the thing , you 'd better show me how it works before my nerve breaks altogether . ''
` ` folklore wants us to see him , immediately , but '' he tugged at dave 's grimy lab coat ` ` definitely not wearing that thing .
he would set everything up this afternoon and start running first thing in the morning .
` ` well , it certainly has now '' retorted howell , ` ` because i ' ve put a bloody great padlock on it , but the thing that was on before was purely nominal , the sort of lock you can open with a screwdriver . ''
` ` first we have a most unlikely kind of blowout and the next thing we know , some clever bastard switches the fuses and rigs the thing up to short out . ''
` ` is only thing i know stop me coughing .
whatisthis camouflage thing ?
i will not let you experiment that thing on my body !
do nt you even understand how cool this thing is ?
wedged right in the middle of the brain parts i mentioned earlier was a thumb - sized tumor - like thing .
what about that time catalogue thing ?
the pieces were very well made ; they looked like they were the real thing , only reduced in size .
are you going to be able to carry that thing to college ?
salt and pepper were among the few things they had to buy .
mum had inherited a distrust of television from idris , who was so firmly against the thing that she would have died rather than accept it over the threshold of the house .
and the prose was the thing .
will you put that damn thing out before i m burnt to a cinder .
i have no idea where she picks these things up , said a glum lady marlebone , she s normally the best of daughters , the apple of her fathers eye .
she sounds different from the shrivelled up little thing at the wedding , you know , she was terrified of shadows on the wall .
i do nt know why your lordship bothers with the confounded thing .
the only thing your boy took to pieces , cloud , was this room , the cost of which i m certain lord haddington will be demanding , and i can assure you , my dear fellow , your boy did not have one hand tied behind his back .
as a matter of fact , your lordship , i ve mislaid my butterfly net , i ca nt think where i ve put the blasted thing , a present from my wife , you know .
if i were you two , i d build that thing before he causes more trouble .
you must not listen to her , constable , she s a poor old thing , hangs around all the barrows , she does , she does nt mean to lie , her minds gone , you see .
while i was tracking his lordship , i kept hearing things , this forest would give anyone the creeps at this time of night .
put that thing down , said one of the men in the corner of the room getting to his feet unsteadily .
all you had to do was take the thing out .
same thing , same thing .
the blasted thing must have broken , i tell you .
i wish i had not worn the wretched thing .
the same thing happened with bills .
we did knock but erthe damn thing just flew open .
this is exactly the kind of thing that the riverbankers might have eaten , exclaimed a much excited drade .
ca nt , said barney , going to salisbury tomorrow night , bit of a do going on and then got to be back first thing monday for meetings .
get that thing into the river .
and getting to the other side of this thing when i can move again .
there could n't ' ve been more than nine logs in the whole thing , five below and four split , cracked and shattered smaller logs on top .
any serious bumping in the current or a rough ride and the whole thing would tear apart .
no , when i fell into that thing , my death was almost instantaneous .
standing about 7 feet high in the middle of a small patio of similar stones with as road leading away from it , ( or to it ) and most horses would have to stoop to get thru the singed and blasted thing .
it was a woven tapestry kind of thing that usually had a homily or quote on it .
put that thing down before you accidentally hurt yourself .
their worst enemy trapped and at their mercy ; and first thing in the morning too .
snarky first thing in the morning , is n't he ?
mindy finished , patting things more firmly into place in the buffalo harness .
another six million dead in wars over the blasted thing or i ' m a tripe - collector .
i 'd earned a snack , i 'd carried the blasted thing all day long .
we 'd come down the wrong side of the mountain , then henna had forced me into a path that ran her way , a way that had every stinking rare plant in the world on it from the way she was gathering things .
help me throw him over the horse before this thing starts leaking demons again .
* * * the sword is the thing .
first - age metal type of thing .
you did lots of damage with that thing the last time you got stuck in a ley - line .
this thing takes power and boosts it up somehow .
are the demon - ghosts still clustering around this thing ?
we 'll be putting enough energy into this thing to make sand melt and build glass houses for everybody in town .
betcha we did n't get a blasted thing out of it .
this thing never stays quiet for very long .
i can feel an urge to cut loose and hit this thing with everything i ve got building in me .
all of a sudden i do n't want to mess with this thing anymore today .
then war - wizard sword in my hand went completely dead too , turning from a vibrant , surging magical thing into lifeless metal almost instantly .
he had his flashlight turned off and the only thing she had to guide her was the faint traces of moonlight against stainless steel appliances .
he was remembering how he d dropped the thing casually into the side pocket of his cargo pants without the others eyeing him .
it makes the lawn mower engine in this thing happy .
the only thing good on was some old show about ulysses and his journey through greece or rome or the underworld .
there s a thing in there called the sink with soap and water and everything .
it was the only thing i would eat on that menu .
there were plenty of places to hide things that would have lasted longer .
why would they draw attention to themselves for tiles if they had the real thing ?
plus if you do nt know where it is and it looks like you do nt know , finding the thing can be tough .
the only thing that makes sense is ray going there to drop this thing off .
i ran around the house turning off any thing that could transmit a radio signal that might confuse my bug sweeper .
people could clip this thing to their eyeglasses , control their computers by speaking to them and they could see the computer display on the miniature screen .
just give me a minute to verify this thing is working .
you re going to tell him that you have the thing he wants , the thing that s keeping you alive ?
you re going to tell him that you have the thing he wants , the thing that s keeping you alive ?
the poor thing had been mishandled one too many times , so it crawled as fast as it could under the bookcase , away from terrences groping fingers .
darrin wondered if his threat to punch derrick a new place to store his things had expired or not .
where the heck did that thing come from ? !
where d that thing come from ?
it was the only thing i could find on such short notice !
those of you in the habit of walking into the store and picking the first thing that catches your eye are stuck in stage three sloth .
apparently they should have educated sydney sr . better , should never have let him drive around like a mad thing in those open top sports cars without so much as a safety belt ... . maybe then he would have been around when he was most needed , maybe then that harvey chap would never have set his clumsy foot in the grounds .
maybe if he took his boots off he would be able to use his toes to fire the damn thing .
stupid thing , he kept saying furiously , pointing at a huge rock .
i ca nt believe hollywood tricked me into watching this thing , he said , annoyed .
` ` it 's just a housean expensive thing . ''
` ` this place is just an overpriced thing , selena , not a home .
its the only thing you ve got that s worth their bother .
the poor thing was wo nt to ask how he expected her to jiggle underneath all of that repressive woolen binding , but restraint held her in check until they were safely past the whoopos in the trees .
ill just float across there and ask him to marry me right now to prevent a lot of hassle , introductions and stuff , she said dreamily , falling in and out of love a few times , red roses and rings and things , families , a mother who wo nt allow him out after dark , assignations below his balcony , more policemen when i break into his flat .
a nice thing like you would nt last a minute in the middle of that mob , she said looking back into the foyer of the teatro , which now swarmed like a hive of angry bees towards its centre the downed , lovely , young doorman .
do you know how to drive this bloody great thing ?
the desperate young thing fumbled with her words and stopped when she saw the foreboding on ceinwens face .
he does nt know any english at all , and yet he s brought us all the way out to this fountain thing in the pitch black .
i m turning the heating on first thing when i get in from work .
be careful on that thing .
i started , remembering the phone , and began ransacking the living room trying to find the blasted thing .
if you re in a relationship with someone , why ca nt he buy you things and take you places ?
the girls do nt seem to mind sharing this unreachable icon with millions of others , but , when they later move onto the real thing , they inexplicably adopt a completely selfish and possessive attitude to their new acquisition .
arnold had fully expected miss moseley to capsize completely when he had gone to put his arm round her as a crumb of comfort in the downstairs lounge , but she showed no resistance whatsoever and indeed clutched onto matsons arm as he led her gently through to his living quarters , where , he figured , it would nt be quite so capacious and would , therefore , make a much cosier confessional once the poor old thing had regained her composure .
for the fourth week running , the poor thing was suffering from severe water retention , which makes her heavier than she actually is .
for christs sake george , turn that bloody thing off !
i had to use the real thing .
she had a black and white feathery thing on the side of her head .
myra staggered in and out of the bar to top her glass up ; shed switched to cider , and her feathery thing had moved round to the front of her head , almost completely covering her face .
it was nt fair that i felt so rough when i d hardly had any alcohol at all , although biffa had pressed a huge brandy on me towards the end of the evening ; fortunately , i had nt drunk the creamy - looking thing that auntie trisha gave me in a sperm - shaped test tube .
i ve got a business card in that spirally thing for the old head of finance from food united , who used to play squash with my dad .
poor thing packed in there .
what he d do with it he had no idea , but it seemed the sort of thing men acquired once they were tamed into domesticity .
i ve got to collect my things from carlenes parents and find a place to stay tonight .
she looked back to see the table , chairs , papers and her thing lying on the ceiling beside her .
the entire thing could be seen clearly enough , but like a trick drawing that gives you a headache , the moment you focussed on trying to gauge the route it went blurry .
my granddad used to spike that thing at parties .
that thing has heated leather seats , a sunroof , the most amazing surround sound stereo system , and a keyless entry locking system ( programmed with my date of birth , no less ) .
tomato juice is the only thing i know that will cut the smell , kirk said .
upon really taking a look at it , the lovely wooden , velvet lined case held a gadget that was the coolest thing i had ever seen or used .
he wanted to know if i thought it was quite appropriate to wear that kind of thing to church .
so you let me walk around for two hours with this thing streaming behind me ?
the one who had listened to the cheech & chong album so many times he could ad lib the entire thing word for word .
our household may have finally embraced the alexander graham bell age by having a telephone fitted , but my dad is still paranoid about anyone using the damned thing .
this flaming thing is bloody useless , he moans .
i ve opened a tin of curried beans and sultanas , but i ca nt get any heat out of this bloody thing .
how did you do that you silly thing ?
well go and find the fucking thing , you re killing me .
its the old treat em mean , keep em keen thing .
his wardrobe was pretty limited , always wearing the same thing , like the rest of his pals .
the sort of thing a particularly eccentric aristocrat might have worn two centuries ago .
this thing is the size of a small moon .
i m going to stop fiddling with this thing now .
i thought you said that thing was going to make our job easier .
just hurry up and get the thing , would you ?
a mop , a brush , the plastic thing that you put your knives and forks in to dry , another mop , and one time half a dozen eggs that we had forgotten to put away .
the only thing i could find was a towrope , this was just about the right length , and it was fairly substantial .
horace eyed it , sniffed it , then in one huge gulp he downed the whole thing , napkin and all .
would you pass me that thing ?
ill be getting right on it first thing in the morning , shorty whispered back .
ill ask him first thing in the morning .
if she knew about this thing shed have a heart attack and die all over again .
there ai nt nothin up there to work with except the real thing .
those are the things meant to stop a tank from rumbling across the lawn .
she could have that thing in her possession in the blink of an eye .
and were going to have a great time working on this thing together .
now i got ta sleep on that thing ?
apparently being confined for a couple months is what it took to get him to write this thing .
i could see the first song was the catchy thing , the hook , to get people in a musical groove .
anna asked , who s paying for this whole thing , anyway ?
a very weird , dusty , decrepit old thing .
oh , and another thing is if you have a trombone you can open your spit valve on your annoying little sister .
a spit valve is a really nifty thing on a trombone and it 's located on the bottom of the slide .
a very new stereo was about the only modern thing he had in the whole place .
it was the kind of thing a lady got in her christmas stocking .
ill bet his wife lent him that screwy thing as a big joke .
its an old thing that they always play for circuses and everybody knows that old swaying thing .
its an old thing that they always play for circuses and everybody knows that old swaying thing .
i will say the one nice thing about our cowboy costume was that we did nt have to wear white gloves , the bands in traditional uniforms had on those prissy things .
the big old thing hardly fit on some of the little roads that led into the back of beyond .
i know my english moto -- yeah , its an english damn thing , sure enough .
it was a clever thing , put together on an old flatbed that had been modified with some pipe rails for supports .
he also thought the whole thing reminded him of gladiators and the coliseum , he said .
god only knows why he wanted such an absurd thing .
what people asked frequently upon seeing the patriot - mobile was what s that dumb thing supposed to be ?
i do nt think he knows how to turn the thing , said moses , talking to me about the patriot - mobile driver .
well , the damn driver of the patriot - mobile float drove that horrible thing cheerfully through the jam packed , narrow streets of quibovari .
it was unlucky the way the thing exploded .
the damn thing is locked .
mr . feinstein that 's why i have to lock this damn thing up in someone else 's vault , because lately everyone is too busy running their mouth and dicking around to do their job !
just get the fucking thing over there .
i am gon na be fuckin ' rich once i get this damn thing open .
simon well , no wonder the fuckin ' thing is leaking .
we were supposed to deliver the damn thing almost three hours ago .
kimmy yuck , someone 's crabby first thing in the morning .
simon you 'd better hope that fuckin ' thing tastes like bacon and eggs because it 's the closest thing to breakfast you 're going to eat until we get the briefcase .
what if the thing is filled with money and i just give back some of it ?
just give us the fuckin ' thing and we will forget this all happened .
kenny you want me to play this thing ?
if you knew who this thing belonged too , you would n't have ever bothered .
the only thing charles saw was the eyepiece end of the binoculars and he could nt see that very well .
the thing is supposed to pivot , so a person can stand in one location and just rotate the arms around as the clothes are hung .
you know what that thing does ?
the damn thing even has nineteen fifty - six written in script across the passengers portion of the dashboard , just to let everyone know , that with each new model year , the car will be a year older .
the pint size would be the thing .
get that thing off him !
think that s what the thing he was carryin was for ?
i caint see to make this stupid thing out !
maybe this thing has a phone number on it , said zach , unfolding the paper .
by this he meant the otis redding thing , sittin on the dock of the bay , watchin the tide roll away .
nev logged into some sort of messaging thing on his computer , and typed in a command .
we should the scan the whole thing , have it digitally , and can print out pages whenever we need to .
i do nt want roger spilling a glass of wine on that thing .
the thing you fucks found .
i want the thing you found .
the thing that came from saint petersburg .
where is it , the old thing ?
i thought this thing was a hundred years old .
i do nt know how many pages make up the whole thing .
the digital thing is in the computer .
so , we have this russian thing , this piece of music .
the model weighed about eighty pounds and this thing weighed about the same .
the bed on that thing is better than the one in my house .
we got our hands full with this thing , and he waved at the stage .
what we need is a pr thing .
you can listen to the whole thing anytime now , though some of it is rough .
the last thing shed stolen was a stem with four grapes on it from the produce section of whole foods , and that was six years ago .
presto , its a self - inflating foam sleeping pad , and its the latest thing .
i never can figure that thing out , replied aldershot , looking my way , and referring to my invention , a fully self - contained outdoor kitchen , complete with silverware , pots , pans , dishes , dishpan , soap , potholders , utensils , matches , paper towels , many condiments , and other basics like flour , oil , spices , etc .
what kind of cot is that thing ?
that thing kicked like a mule , i razzed .
interesting observation , she replied , adding , it must take a gay padres fan to notice such a thing .
poor thing , her nose must be running again .
poor thing , this hay fever was really affecting her .
i said , turn that bloody thing off !
poor thing , her hormones must be all over the place .
she was a bit heavy - handed with the poor little thing .
he really only bought the thing because the idea of carrying with one arm !
gordy held up his tandy portable word processor , using two hands the thing was so heavy .
and now , i ve gotten used to having the thing around .
i paid top dollar for this thing .
hey , gordy said to him , this place has one of those porcelain walls for a urinal , there s these little water spouts that flush the whole thing every few minutes .
actually , tad said , i should give the stupid thing to you , you get off on it so much .
the sun beating down on his plumed and spiked helmet hat thing .
maurice says hell check first thing .
so , like , first thing in the morning hell check ?
and how and when was he supposed to get the bullets in the thing ?
if only the thing did nt have the bullets in it .
the thing only had two bullets in it .
things we d like to change or areas we d like to improve upon in the coming year .
if i may borrow from my friend mike mcdermott listen , heres the thing .
we got some coffee made and you can smoke here , i wo nt let anyone toss out a cute thing like you .
about the only thing her family gave her was the apartment , and for that , she did computer tasks for them , and took a lot of shit .
back then iran had built its first nuclear reactor , a little thing that put out enough power to run a couple of toasters , on a good day .
he took a note from her book and thought , not my problem , and said , i have an idea about getting clooney , and i need to know how much money you have to spend on this thing .
this thing i m thinking of will cost a lot , so i have to ask .
the student assassins could practice their trade on mannequins and dummies only so many times before they got tired and demoralized , and when that time came their instructors had to resort to the real thing , which sometimes happened to be a fake virgin .
you write the text , and we take it to the graphic designer we know and have him format it super glossy into some kind of thing that the papers and websites will accept as an ad .
it would work on me except that ill do whatever she wants , and she does nt even have to use the special thing .
if you re asking was the pr thing a scam , yes .
here were the nine people who were going to produce the show and create the thing , whatever it was .
and then the bad guys show up here in the weird place , the hall place , and they want her and the money , not to give back to the rat guy or the people , but they turn bad and want the money for themselves to live a life of luxury in the caribbean , drinking dark rum and chasing native girls , and these are bad men , violent , assassins maybe , professional assassins , and they infiltrate themselves into the weird place somehow , and then they try snatch the woman and get her to give them the money , but of course big george is smarter than them and he protects her and she s smart too and helps him and they are so cool together as a team and all this action happens here in this little building in charleston and how am i going to do all those action scenes and then this strange idea that came from woody allen and his wonderful movie the purple rose of cairo and now i have to figure out how to make a thing that is half movie and half play and the actors are going to be on the screen in film and then they ll come out of the screen onto this stage around which i am pacing and they will act here and follow shims dialogue and then they will jump back into the screen and the story will continue with people watching that , sitting out in the seats out there ... . and he briefly looks up from the pine floor and out to the seats in the theater , waving at them , and then looks back at the floor and goes on , ... .and we have to have music that is great and we have to get david holmes to do the score and i have to keep wegs under control and make her and george the hottest couple in the world like they were in leatherheads , and then we have all this weird editing to do to the film to coordinate it with live acting on the stage and maybe wegs and bg ca nt do that , oh my god , yes , they can , i hope , if there s a problem i will turn it over to gwen who can do her magic thing on them and make them get it right she can do anything , and maybe if we work on this for ten years well get it right but i do nt think gwen will allow that ... . and here sody stops again and looks up , and turns around to face gwen , and asks her how long they have to produce the show , and she tells him eight weeks , after that she and roger are going to the wine festival in burgundy , in france , and he says oh my god , and then he continues his rant , ... .eight weeks , no way , eight weeks , ok , that s what i have , eight weeks , ok , i can do it , that s just another challenge , i have good people here , monique can kick butt when she needs to , and no ones ever done this before but that does nt mean i ca nt do it , i m pretty good at this job , and ... . and then sody gets a strange vibration , a telepathic buzz enters his consciousness , he does nt know what it is , but there s a voice in his head that says , do nt worry , you can do it , you re great , and i can help out when you need it , ' and he looks around the stage for the source of the buzz , for the voice , looks around the circle of chairs at everyone , something tells him its not coming from any of them , so where the hell is it coming from , and then he looks at moniques long languorous leg , sans shoe , running up and down the back of the dog , with the dog looking very content , almost like he s in heaven , and the dog is looking right at him , looking him in the eyes , and there s an encouraging smile on the dogs face , and then sody realizes the voice is coming from the dog , and he says what s going on here , but he gets it under control , and feels comforted by the voice even though this is a new experience , and he says to himself , go with the flow , and he starts talking again after nodding at the dog , thanking him for the encouragement and the offer of assistance , ... .and there s not much time and no ones ever done this and its a small building.but , but , i can do it .
wegs sizes things up , turns to the cop who s still hanging around now watching two hot babes next to the hot car , and does her thing on the poor guy .
zip , the thing actually worked and the sewing needle flew out the end .
about a year ago i m stood in the queue for the post office waiting to send off some of my unwanted tat to some idiot off the internet , minding my own , being patient , tasting the air , that sort of thing , when in comes some trampy looking guy from the estate .
you never seen a thing , he says , and the van drives off .
as well as being huge , this thing also stunk to high heaven , too .
i brought my turbo ear thing because i thought i looked like a spy with it on my ear .
just throw the damn thing over when i need it .
i tried to smile and asked , can you believe i thought , if there s snot on this thing i m gon na throw up ?
i grimaced and said , its a good thing you wear the same thing every day to work , sugaruh , forget it my brain is nt firing on all cylinders .
she rolled her eyes and said with exasperation , that old thing ?
i mean , this thing was painted at least one hundred years ago .
you re really starting to aggravate me with that thing , she said with a flat voice .
well , mama , i said dryly , my mouth might be the only smart thing about me tonight .
i was wearing the same thing i had on all day .
if it was me and i was that old , i would have hung that thing over my mantle .
i took out my cell phone to compare photo to the real thing .
did he think i was this fragile thing or a whacko ?
left at the window , right at the door , that kind of thing .
ron from the storage unit had nt told me anything about this he had nt even told me his name was ron , although that did nt seem important but i wanted to have all the proper equipment ( because it always impresses people when you can say see this big expensive thing ?
that storage unit thing is just a local recruiting station for whenever headquarters needs someone taken care of around here .
right after , there was the quieter sound of the same small and metal thing landing on the linoleum floor .
the boy stood spellbound as she approached , holding the thing out in front of her as she walked .
the other kids on the stage gathered around , watching as the girl set the thing shed been holding on the ground .
i want you out of this house first thing in the morning .
what is that thing on your neck , he said .
no one could drive this thing around during the summer , no way .
he asked roger why take this one , why take that one , what was good about this thing and that thing ?
he said things like , because this thing is small and wo nt take up much room in the crates .
she loaded up a cracker with ham and offered it to roger , who took it and stuffed the whole thing into his mouth .
thirty seconds later they recognized the thing as a fighter jet , and the sound mushroomed into a dull roar .
she does n't know anything about baseball , or the rules of the game , but she does know that they had a tennis ball and a thing that looked like a stick , and those are two of her favorite toys .
he could nt see inside the thing .
i should probably get a patent on this thing .
` ` that thing never worked . ''
it was n't secured properly and , ya know , i was sitting weird and what with gravity and all , my dick just kinda went south and the thing just , ya know , fell off .
we can hit it first thing in the morning .
ya never know , maybe she 's some sexy little thing who came over from london and is trying to make it as an actress and just waiting for her big break .
how about you kids take a little stop at the bookstore on your way out and learn a thing or two ? ''
all four of us pissing into this thing would n't even fill it up . ''
well , the only thing i know how to play is blackjack . ''
if , say , my hands touched germs on anything , anywhere in the world , the soap dispenser would be the one thing that would allow the germs the absolute shortest amount of time to live on them .
the front of this thing is fucked , man ! ''
going back in with the bigger blade , he used his other hand to start scooping the eye out , cutting the muscle and veins along the way until the entire thing was unattached .
it would be her responsibility to drop it off to their courier first thing in the morning .
the only thing i can find is on the mom , amanda colley .
the only thing they found besides the bullet was a tin full of oxycontin or oxycodone , or something like that . ''
the giant metal thing at the end of the park with the two , giant wall - e eyes .
when everyone was situated , we gathered up our things and headed for the least populated area .
this thing screamed sissypants .
this thing was such a fossil , it even had room for him to set the remote controls on top of the tv !
we 're talking , this thing had to have been at least three years old !
we assume it is the murder victims car since it 's the gayest possible thing any man could drive except for maybe mr . garrison 's gyropod . ''
i was really hoping for that goddamn thing to belong to the victim .
i ca n't breathe in this goddamn thing . ''
and another stupid thing that does n't really work in real life .
jamie said they would leave first thing in the morning .
there are so many obscure references littered throughout this thing that i seriously wonder if there is another person on the planet who can pick them all out .
i was actually looking through those wall - e binoculars when i said something like , ` ` man , would n't it be cool to witness a murder while looking through this thing , like in rear window or body double or something ? ''
i 'll call the clients first thing in the morning . ''
do you know how worthless this goddamn thing is ?
` ` anyway , are we going to get to work on this thing or what ? ''
` ` when was the last time you wore than thing ?
just take the fucking thing !
now we just have to get this thing open . ''
we picked the kids up from jamie 's house first thing .
i ' m pretty sure tom jones goes on at nine so we will work until seven thirty , then resume again first thing in the morning . ''
we said we 'd see him first thing in the morning then made our leave .
can we zoom in on this thing ? ''
i ' m going to step outside and make sure this thing is working .
i also ran an ez - pass toll forgetting i did not have the electronic toll thing in this car .
this thing looked like the robot humanoid from the movie alien after he had been cut in two .
this jolted him forward however the neon neck thing seemed to insulate himhe did not awaken but he dropped one of his papers .
i wished i had a neon neck thing .
the message on the navigation screen shows buckinghamthe name i have given the carit is a wisconsin thing ( my wife has also named it but since i am driving it and the seat is in my position it thinks it is buckingham ) .
i escape to my gate holding cell and eat my meat , cheese bread thing .
one lens was shattered and an ear thing was broken off .
if you ve never heard of a plumb bob before , its a metal thing with a string on it , that s all i can say .
we almost dropped the damn thing .
` ` i noticed you said you might be needing this , that or the other thing for me ? ''
` ` we 'll likely get vegetarian burgers , or some such thing .
or maybe it does and i ' m just paranoid after being scared to death first thing in the morning . ''
just the sort of thing aggressive young women might buy a conservative older woman as a joke .
he could n't help but wonder if emma would find it funny ( that seemed likely , or at least it seemed possible ) and if she 'd wear the thing under the right circumstances a car pulled up outside .
` ` leaving aside that it saved her from a rocket , i bet chapman was miserable in that thing , '' she said .
he proceeded to drive the thing ineptly .
the damn thing had attained sentience .
the damn thing stuck out and i abandoned my attempt to look cool by shoving it into my pocket .
no matter how much i 'd begged pride , it always said no ; damn stubborn thing .
i would have killed to try that thing out , but first i needed to see the grounds to know where to put benson 's body .
the training is going spectacularly well , he saidthis thing is in good shape .
after i was sure of this garden to be my garden alone , i was more curious now to check the things sincerely .
he used to drive this thing .
for years he 'd celebrate adams ' birthday with the towel thing and post a picture of it up on the web .
vince saw her coming in , the small wrinkled little thing , carrying a large cake .
then , slowly , maintaining constant eye contact , crammed the whole thing into my mouth .
porn used to be a dirty thing that we could purchase in glossy magazines or by going into the back rooms of video stores located in the cheapest rental unit of a strip mall .
he helped chris white patent the thing .
` ` he 's never read that damned thing in his life , '' ernest replied .
that only made him smile and retire to the piano where he began playing loud discordant notes until after fifteen minutes i threw up my hands and shouted , ` ` this thing 's a damn piece of junk !
i m the only thing that keeps him from crawling in the bottle completely . ''
on a red couch in the room 's center sat two girls , one a slip of a thing in a yellow robe , and the other a larger girl cradling her .
i can be that thing with no attachments the thing that ca n't be broken because it 's already been broken . ''
i can be that thing with no attachments the thing that ca n't be broken because it 's already been broken . ''
` ` you know , i ' ve never liked that thing , '' dr . stewart said .
it was gaudy and looked like the kind of thing a timid tourist might buy one foot off the gangplank at some port of call , just to say they had been some place .
it was smaller than he remembered , and it had tarnished , but it was still a beautiful thing .
` ` then ill have the thing that s in its place . ''
and every time , without fail , within 42 seconds of opening the box and switching the thing on , i realise that yet again , i have been well and truly duped under false pretences .
x - ray : a small squiggly wave thing that can look in your bag without opening it .
as soon as i put the thing on , tie and all , i looked in my portrait mirror : i did not want this job .
it started at 25 feet , and by the time the fourth movie came around , the damn thing was 40 feet long .
if i were a sober man , i would have avoided the whole mess of a film to begin with , but as an inebriated fellow sitting on his couch , covered in salted peanut shells , i watched the whole thing .
at first i thought it was because they were new and popular , and i argued that the only thing i would ever have on my wrist is my trusty quartz wristwatch , but my contempt for the awareness bands went deeper than that and after interacting with celeste on the golf course that day i realized it : the wristbands were arrogant .
ill put some things out of place , or leave things behind , just to get him worked up so hell take more photographs , just to let him know that i really do nt care and that his photos are an absolutely fruitless endeavor .
ill put some things out of place , or leave things behind , just to get him worked up so hell take more photographs , just to let him know that i really do nt care and that his photos are an absolutely fruitless endeavor .
its the only thing i took with me when i left home .
when i was at college , i did n't want my little sister going in my room and taking my stuff so i made this motion activated tape thing .
that thing you probably call a napkin .
no , i want to see your little buggy thing .
poor thing , it was petrified .
nah , stupid thing probably fell out of a cornflakes packet .
( ` ` give me five bucks and i 'll shut up '' ) how do you turn this thing off ?
what an innocent little thing , the drum .
gum is the kind of thing kids like to share , meaning that when one child anywhere has a piece of gum , every child within a 50 - mile radius wants some .
and he goes , pedaling as fast as he can , determined to master this thing .
instead encourage your children to build things with their vegetables on the condition that they can destroy the structure , the cartoon charter or the design only with their fork and only by eating the evidence .
maybe i can go to the pet shop and replace the thing .
i was asked to hide the thing in the garage so that junior would n't see it before the big day .
image thing .
richard was awake at 3 am and heard us , came out on his back porch and saw jinny carrying the thing through the back door .
not only did he turn the whole thing off , which would have been enough to let the crooks get in , but then he turned it back on .
the thing we got nothing out of other than a thrill .
jinny said , you carry that thing inside your house ?
jinny looked at tommy , then back at me , said , that little thing is worth twelve million dollars , and it was here , and we did nt ... . gale thwapped him on the back of the head with her hand , shutting him up , him of loose lips persuasion .
chapter 28 chess circus jinny took gales arm and led her over to the silver exhibit , asking , you still want that thing ?
just like the car is nt the real thing , but close .
hiking , doing church things , traveling , barbecuing in the back yard , going to football games , playing bridge , reading in bed at night , digging in the garden and watching things grow over the summer .
the thing harking back to the old greek guy who came up with that horrible idea in the first place , the rotter .
when the guy opened his eyes , the smiley thing on his face again transitioned , this time from a downward curve to the upwards one .
he did nt buy the plumber thing .
i decided i did n't want the damn thing and would phone that robotics place to take it back .
the damn thing was smiling like i did him a huge favor .
` ` what 's that light thing ? ''
i dropped the thing on the ground .
the skull was the only thing she brought homeexcept for the small book with the chinese characters that had been in the apartment .
he hated the tourists that fingered every item then left without buying a thing .
the cabin was small , dirty , full of cobwebs , animal dung and dirt ... yet it was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
she gave me a phone number and said i should phone first thing tomorrow morning .
i would do that first thing in the morning .
` ` liz , i would like to see the thing in sixteen - color graphics , the colors identifying with the time of first departure of stellar matter ... '' ` ` i beg your pardon , tom ? ''
i had picked up a few things in dunnville : two frozen pizzas , a half dozen tv dinners , several cans of soup and bags of frozen peas and carrots .
at the sound of another clanking coming up the stairs , belinda got up to move the tea things for jack to place the ice box .
besides , i could n't fit another thing in my wardrobe , could you ... in yours ? '
i mean , i ve told her over and over , never to call me on that damn thing except in the gravest of emergencies !
but i mean , your injuries , they re sooo extensive , you poor thing ... said sandy , in a warm and comforting tone .
i bought this silly thing online from the acme corporation .
sweat poured down his brow as he tugged at the stubborn thing .
we 'll find somebody who can make it look just like the real thing . ''
with understandable trepidation i retrieved the mcmurphy craft , fired up the motor whence the damn thing started on the first pull as though anxiously anticipating an exciting adventure .
0ne of these of particular menace being the uncanny knack of discovering the other hidden of my purloined mellow roll while serving a weekend customer at which point she would vociferously proclaim ; i wonder how this damn thing got here ?
the thing spit out some sounds and then a voice came on , ` ` gofer dave . ''
did n't matter if the thing would only run for ten thousand miles and required high - octane racing fuel .
` ` sure thing , doll , you want it dirtied ? ''
the dummy was wearing a bright , shiny bracelet thing .
` ` does that thing have a silent button ? ''
` ` it 's a small , fossilized thing , '' said cordless .
why do n't we just turn this thing around and go back where we came from ? ''
look at those big philistines , crying over a little thing that got snipped off . '
maybe i could use that big mouse thing up in the sky ; the one that 's covered with tin foil . ''
look at the size of the thing .
` ` as soon as they blew on one end , they got this long , puffed - up , snake - like thing that made a noise like water being sucked down a drain . ''
in case you 're wondering , the vital center of your being is the little thing that hangs down in the back of your throat .
it was n't just that it was a kitschy , horrible thing in extremely bad taste , suitable for the kind of people who bought oil paintings at flea markets .
` ` what , that old thing ? ''
` ` oh that old thing !
` ` we should quit arguing and get this nation thing built so we can take shelter , '' said thunderbags .
` ` it 's the latest thing , '' said glitter dust .
whatever this thing is , it is meant to be put to use .
at my feet was the thing that a paramedic had gently tugged from virgil 's fingers .
a white triangular thing that spanned about thirty feet , with three green , spiny legs .
stupid thing must have fallen off again .
the sharp metallic thing continued to push out until it was possible to tell what it was .
then he asked his sidekicks , ` ` did that thing say what i think it said ? ''
the ` ` evaluate : ' does this thing give me any reason to feel offended ? '
i know , bill -- the size of that thing !
she recognized it as a gun -- a strange - looking one to be sure , but the basic appearance of the thing was that of a projectile - based mechanism proportionally designed for hand mobility .
` ` maybe while we 're in here , we could see if this thing has a heart or some vital organ that we can '' ` ` nope .
cried the crew , which could either have been sailor for , ` ` we understand , '' or landlubber for , ` ` get us off this thing ! ''
` ` her hide will be quite tough and poking her with those tiny things will be like poking a water balloon with a pine needle .
ah , that thing 's never worked , he waved his hand , returning to his seat , falling back to sleep .
oh come on now , the captain rolled his eyes , you 're always ringing that thing when it 's not really needed - at night , to some passing ship , knowing full well that you wo n't be seen .
god damned thing - it 's a nuisance !
it would remain there forever , he thought , until the landlady , or whoever else was responsible , finally gave in , admitted it was all just a prank , and took the accursed thing away .
the necklace that brit gave me was nt the imitation , it was the real thing , and the hundred thousand was the lions share of what i d get for it .
originally i had planned on just getting into the safe which was , uncreatively , in the bedroom closet , and stealing the damn thing straight up .
i d brought a few small tools and a lifetime of experience with me and did nt have any trouble getting into that archaic thing .
great , you drive , and ill go through the book of agents and figure out who we can send this thing to .
well , a thing .
the reference to a sure thing was nt lost on ford given his penny stock experience , but he did nt dwell on it .
well that s good ; you have nt driven that thing in ages .
` ` anyway , we do n't take the whole thing , just the tent flap . ''
the only thing close to him was an enormous angel food cake perched on a rosewood table .
i meant to say it does have power -- '' ` ` this old thing ? ''
it 's just a mechanical thing . ''
` ` who made this disgusting thing ?
` ` not the thing itself ; just the trimming .
` ` i thought a bodkin was the pointy thing that ended the mere simulacrum , '' said neville .
said chester , examining a thing with lots of dials .
` ` well i would n't wear one of those things , '' said sweet gas .
` ` he managed to get the reading thing down .
` ` the more i look at this thing the more i think we 're making a mistake , '' said chester .
track , switches , building materials -- that sort of thing .
` ` that ceremonial dagger mordred is raising over his head looks just like the real thing . ''
` ` he 's pointing a little tiny stick - like thing at edwardian .
with swords and spears , however , you get the real flavor of the thing , because you 're the one shoving in the pointy bits ; not some computer .
the power of durable evil would never inhabit a thing that ridiculous !
` ` i look like a popcorn vendor with this thing , '' he complained .
` ` it was the first thing godzilla squashed , '' said roger .
i know you re not much good with that thing but it makes me nervous .
suddenly mary had an illumination , a divine inspiration the sort of thing that would look like a lightning bolt or a light bulb in a comic strip .
that thing was hot !
` ` yeah , right , but i saw this thing lying on the sand and the song gave me some inspiration , you know . ''
` ` get that dirty thing off my counter , '' mumbled berk , still uninterested .
he walked around for hours with that thing sticking out of the centre of his pupil .
` ` well the round , yellow thing is a circle , '' said thunderbags .
` ` you blow into this thing and put your fingers on the stops here . ''
` ` umm , it 's a new thing i made .
` ` it 's not much ; some bits of lamb squashed between pieces of bread , with some squished weeds and things .
` ` maybe you do n't owe him a thing .
` ` you ca n't believe how many times that thing crashes .
one day , her dad decided to take her up to the top of mount big thing to talk about swords , the proper way of skewering people with swords , and the religion of swords .
the most potent thing imaginable , unless you actually went out and stuck your roots in a fresh cow pie .
` ` he 's a thing .
` ` not everyone has to reboot their operating system just to find out they ' ve got a thing , '' said digger .
` ` so , if your thing drops off while you 're doing that , you just stick it back on again , your system auto detects it , and you can start using it at once , '' said neville .
` ` that could be painful if you cut in the wrong place and nick the thing . ''
` ` who would knowingly purchase a used thing ?
` ` are you trying to tell me she would n't recognize you because you had a thing of a different color ? ''
` ` and the thing is not charged , '' said merlin .
` ` you would n't want a bolt of lightning striking the mains , blowing up the power bar and shorting out the thing . ''
` ` but of course , the thing does n't have a simple plug ; it has a big brick of a power bar that takes up at least three outlets on the surge protector . ''
` ` anyway , '' said neville , ` ` you plug in the power bar , you plug in your colorful thing -- '' ` ` and your operating system freezes , '' said merlin .
` ` you unplug the thing , reboot , and uninstall the old driver . ''
` ` a light flashes at the end of the thing . ''
` ` in both cases , the thing would plug into a socket , '' said merlin .
` ` gluing her hair back on -- what there is left of it , poor thing .
` ` it 's only a little thing -- just the flap . ''
so he plucked out a green licorice stick and shoved the entire thing down his gullet .
` ` this thing does n't climb trees like a jet ski does it ? ''
` ` did you actually run that thing on gastro before you knew it would work ? ''
polydoor handed him a large , rubbery thing with velcro strips along the edges .
he d stocked up on some dog chews at the pet store , so he left one of those with the dog , who took to gnawing the thing happily .
your personal assistant star has been hitched to my rising motivational speaker star long enough to remember it was your fault i dislocated the thing .
take off that silly thing , said lin .
lady , the engine on that thing is worth more than your entire truck .
why do you have to drive that old thing ?
you know , it breaks my heart that you ca nt find a thing that s made in america these days .
he jabs this unspeakable thing into pretty girls , and months later a sickening tumor will grow inside their bellies .
this is a strange thing to wear , emerson said , after sliding the white material over her head and body .
i never use the thing , not interested .
we could get through the whole thing in five minutes .
tell her that he d never seen such a thing before .
your mother put the damn thing on my phone .
i ve been looking for the damned thing all morning and i ca nt find it .
the sprayer was discarded the night when , half asleep , i held the thing the wrong way round and sprayed myself so copiously i had to dry my hair and change my pajamas .
` ` why do n't we fill this thing with soil and plant a flower garden ? ''
besides , the thing is way more expensive to keep up than i thought it would be .
` ` do n't tell me that thing is on the fritz again ! ''
` ` the poor little thing 's been hurt and she 's probably starving to death . ''
` ` that thing has already cost too much money ; there 's no point wasting more on it . ''
` ` turn this thing around right now , before we meet a fate worse than death . ''
` ` anyway , '' said needless thing , ` ` maybe if brother sperry is n't around , these odd things wo n't get found . ''
` ` oh dear , the poor thing , '' said gilda the fitness penguin .
` ` i do n't know , but if this thing crashes , we 're doomed . ''
` ` okay , do you know how to drive this thing ? ''
` ` and what 's that balloon thing floating over his head ? ''
` ` i can fly this thing by myself .
` ` i have just the thing , '' said mr . jellico , and he handed freddy a brown shopping bag .
so wealthy they do n't even need the balloon part , just the cabin thing that hangs below it . ''
` ` what 's this key thing she 's holding ? ''
` ` what key thing ? ''
` ` you have a beak ; you do n't need naughty things , '' said sweet gas .
` ` wait until he finds out what a thing does when you really need it ! ''
` ` as soon as i find a big thing , i ' m going to have it installed , '' said sweet gas .
` ` what do you need a big thing for anyway ? ''
i toweled off , and got on the phone with jo , making plans to meet her first thing monday morning .
chapter five i do my grocery shopping first thing every friday morning .
` ` oh , harley , you poor thing .
i even believe i was excused that day for burning my stomach with the stupid thing .
they ve got compasses , geiger counters and a thing called an ion detector , which one of their snotty assistants informs me they ca nt use because burgoynes cave probably has mold .
do you know how long i ve been hauling that thing around , trying to see if it opened anything valuable ?
i 'll talk if you turn that bloody thing off .
but he 'd still need to seek trouble , he thinks , and the dang thing might get sold to instantaneous developers .
she must have said my thing contained a most peculiar power .
but of course i bounced off the air - conditioning unit i had n't exactly , kind of , like , you know , maybe previously noticed before , sitting on the ground below the tower , denting it to exactly my inane size as i landed , rolling , oh god what a long smashed falling role , sprawling arms and legs and soul falling off the busted thing , my stupid head and the sickly grass smelled sweetly emerald green , fresh - mowed , but not yet , as it was n't even mowed today , i knew , as the cracking , crinkling metal screams yaaaaaaawningly roooooooollllllled the pain off , me landing on something so plushy rotten with caked grass and dirt , and so cushily only spongy that it was warm , with good , no , goo , with my goo , for the most horribly frustrated moment of my life i spurted out my very first orgasm , har , but no such luck .
t'would be rich to rake that idiot thing over hot coals .
greenish light ? the thing , glowing emerald , was giving off enough light to see random details of the sloppier parts of the general mess in their room .
` ` why ' one - eyed ' when the thing hides two openings , hose a and hose b ? ''
go ahead , eat the whole thing , already !
a computer and monitor , islands in a sea of computer games , magazines and floppy disks ( ` ` the only thing in my bedroom that is floppy , '' was jesting iestyn 's traditional comment ) ; 5 .
` ` how long do they keep that thing on ? ''
have you packed that thing yet ?
let me have a go at that thing first .
empty it was fine , easy to push and easy to maneuver , but filled with ice the thing 's weight quadrupled and guiding it from the huge ice machine in the storage area through the narrow back room door , around the corner near the toilets , into the work area , behind the other staff without bothering them , and then finally into its place under the counter where the blenders were placed was a nearly herculean task .
as he swung the door open he pulled the ice bucket back enough so that the door could clear , then pushed the thing into the back room and allowed the door to swing shut behind him .
and also some kind of frilly green things tossed in , the latest delivery person continued .
come on , lets get you inside , you poor thing .
the button is just a metal circle thing that my tongue wants to play with .
jesse said there is a ceramic store where we can personalize our own ceramic thing with paint then they sand blast it .
oh , but let me remember ill finally get the metal button thing removed from my far back lower tooth on the right side of my mouth .
i ' ve been flying this thing for the past eight months .
` ` robert , this thing is pretty old .
what if this thing were n't safe to fly ?
lod called out , ` ` now work that thing good and proper tonight or there wo n't be no chaps . ''
` ` where did that thing come from granddaddy ? ''
poetic allusion was just the thing to give marla the willies .
do nt get playing that thing in the shop , marla yelled .
its a spine type thing , with sharp plates of metal instead of ribs .
he can use the thing for stem - cell research .
i carry the thing and now you expect me to bring the little fucker up .
the tv was a heck of a bargain , even if the darn thing sometimes spontaneously came on with subtitles in ukrainian .
i mean , its not the kind of thing you expect to find in your attic , is it ?
this white shrouded blurry thing .
the nearest thing he could compare the black hole world to was a negative photo .
what are you doing with that thing ?
despite having an air mattress and blankets in the back and honeybees pasted onto the windows , the whole thing was still a great embarrassment .
and , hey , there is a little bit of english on this thing .
it did nt escape her either that the whole thing could easily go off in her face , which she knew from experience was nt pleasant .
one after the other , she applied three condoms until the whole thing looked like some kind of balloon animal .
her name was christine and she was a cute little thing but i just did nt care .
i thought he was going to crack the thing in half .
it was a big yellow thing , you sat in it and used the peddles with your feet , just like a bike , and there were two levers , one for each hand , that you used to steer .
one of our employees had a nervous breakdown just trying to figure out what shelf to put the damn thing on !
how would you like to face a list of everything you ve done wrong in your life first thing every morning before coffee ?
' why have you brought this thing with you ? '
` ` if you do n't , he 'll put the fucking thing in turn around , '' ray said , making matters worse .
this thing needs to fly with a g rating .
` ` it 's the thing you tow behind your car until you find a park filled with people who are married to their cousins to park it in . ''
better not swallow that thing or we 'll have to have the interns go through your shit . ''
` ` you could get twenty people in that thing .
you two should probably go grab a drink somewhere quiet ? try to look upset , cry a little , that kind of thing .
i just invent the thing .
the latest thing in morale - inducing technology ? ''
they were selling the damn thing under false pretenses , he knew very well , selling it and proud of it , too .
this thing 's got the feel of one of them dog collars they use for not barking , where they zap the poor critter .
` ` can we sleep with the thing ?
` ` this is the way the thing works , okay ?
but did he think that the thing was going to work ?
( interval - thirty three seconds ) stan : you can pick up that kind of thing .
from the look of the data , he might have even turned the thing off !
he had injected just the right thing that would bring each of them to a close , and he knew it .
in the pitch black , the only thing which could be discerned was a small name tag which stated hi , my name is danger .
he thought a country this dirty needed someone who could clean things .
some anonymous bicnot a cheap but immaculately crafted thing from shibuya .
they probably turned the bloody thing on a week ago .
and now , she had just picked up a couple of things for her daughter before heading back to the country .
cmon boz , lets get this thing off , he called , apparently to his empty villa but actually to a pinto bean sized man inside his armor .
dr who said now i am going to get in this thing !
i walk down the old street and i see these daisy things everywhere .
then again , looking down at the magnificent clustered crystal of this little flower this only white thing i have ever seeni think the council used to take care of all this .
i told you i m never putting my face near that thing again .
he felt owning such a thing allowed him to claim he had a tool kit , an essential part of any mans ' journey to adulthood .
why not say if we fix that crack now we wo nt have to replace it in a few weeks when the whole thing breaks ?
the furniture allowed an uninterrupted view of the television from any position , although the only thing on at the moment was the standby light .
bit thin , poor thing .
young james would probably want to question the damned thing .
what did you say this thing was ?
things in the trees , truman said .
it was an awkward thing : too big , and funny - shaped , and he was sure it was going to be loud as well .
harold felt something smash on his shoulder and glanced down to find it had been the church of tipotes triple - distilled brawler whiskey , damn near the most alcoholic and expensive thing in the bar .
then he started pulling things out of his bag and planting them in the ceiling with great care .
i opened a candy bar and stuffed the whole thing into my mouth , chewing it for all to see .
i mean , entire lives are spent studying this exact thing ... '' ` ` bang ! ''
this will be just the thing for gardening .
you know my kitchen faucet is just an asian thing too ; its made in japan , i say , but i no longer exist for porky , and celestine is basking in male attention .
yes , there s a rubbery thing , like a teething ring or a pacifier , or , or , a long nipple .
i m not a knitter , just not my thing , but she had the wool pulled over her eyes a long time ago , been doing it since she was a child .
well , i went over to her she always sits in the back pew , me i m right up in the preachers face and i told her right out that i bought that thing for her tea pot , not for her head .
and here i had brought my own thing that was other than what one thought it was .
it was a beautiful old thing and i commented on it .
it looks like its glowing , just before the whole thing disappears into the dark .
tips coming over in about 10 minutes , roy , she said as she rolled that thing back up .
the inspector intensively searched and took apart the bundles , but could not find a single thing in them .
yeah , the poor thing is dripping hormones .
the only one we have is that old thing in the garage with the flat tires .
that thing is costing us a bundle .
i ve put that thing back up there three times , and i m getting sick of it .
i m not lugging that thing back on top of the camper again , ricky protested .
were tired of putting the damn thing back on top of the camper .
the last thing i need to hear first thing in the morning is your crap !
same thing , she added .
this thing has another gear , and according to the tach , two thousand more rpms .
* how the heck are we supposed to put gas in this thing ?
you should see this thing .
do nt touch that thing !
just leave the damn thing !
take the damn thing , she grumbled and headed for the bar .
anyway , i ca nt get my key to work in the lock as adam has only gone and changed the damn thing which of course he has every right to do i suppose seeing as it is his place after all .
i dare not let go of the thing for fear of it tipping up and charlie tumbling out because he has only gone and undone his seatbelt , again .
i m so desperate to remove the one big fleshy bit that s wedged between my two back teeth and actually causing me some discomfort that i push a little too hard and the bloody thing breaks off ( not the tooth thank god but the stick ) .
is it too late to change my order to the most expensive thing on the menu ?
kim asks as she watches me remove the rubberised thing from my mouth and rinsing out both with running water .
so i grab some money and race up to larry as he s trying to make his selling speech to the neighbour next - door on the right hand side of kims townhouse , who in turn tells larry what i do need is some new batteries for this hearing aid of mine because the damn thing is making you sound retarded .
he asks and i want to rip the thing off in my hand and hit him with it .
i had picked one of those cheesy ones that play a silly tune every time you open it ; only this one had obviously malfunctioned when i had dropped it getting out of the car and now the damn thing would not shut up .
everyone seems like right little busy worker bees in here and i really do nt want to disturb them , as i quietly walk up to the huge pot of risotto and the damn thing is practically empty apart from some scrapings of dried rice stuck on the bottom that nobody would eat .
i hope that air machine thing does not break down because i ran out of puff blowing up the balloons never mind keeping a whole , bouncy castle upright .
you d think that i d just stolen the crown jewels the way they were going on , not some naff , cheap plastic thing that will probably break in two the minute i try to use it again .
it automatically goes to voicemail because they re busy for the rest of the day and to leave a message and they ll get back to us first thing tomorrow morning , says kim and looking thoroughly stressed at not being able to get the men to come and take this monstrosity away .
i was thinking that we could try and disguise the thing so that nobody knows but us , what it really looks like .
what s with the thing in your hair ?
if i did , then do you honestly think that i would be here with this thing on my forehead ?
finally number 5 : do try your best to recreate said horrible scent on the given piece of material by raiding the fridge and rubbing the cloth with that disgusting cheese , the one that adrian loves so much along with sprinkles of vinegar and rolling the whole damn thing around a large chorizo sausage .
note that if this does not work then you can always call it a midnight snack and eat the sodding thing ( by now , if i would have thought that it would help , i would have wiped my bum with it too and sod the highly contagious bacterial consequences to our health ) .
as one is , thrust into my free hand with a half eaten seasoned beef tartlet thing in the other that i had grabbed off the buffet table in passing .
the size of the thing is all wrong since it is like two sizes too small for me and digging in something wicked .
just get me off this thing .
my tight blue shirt was the best thing my closet had to offer .
when is this damn thing anyway ?
but if he ever comes near me with those green olive things we are going to have a problem .
he burned brightly once but then seemed to just peter out like the sixties itself , like a wind - up thing of wonder , a mechanical play - pretty .
and i ripped the whole thing off in about an hour .
that s what writing is , man , it just keeps going farther into the sand , the thing you re looking for , the thing that ll make it all alright .
i mean , the beat , the beat gets the thing listened to , and the words keep it being sung .
i mean , we had this console thing , whatever the hell they called them , big as a basilisk , a monstrous thing that had a radio and record player .
i mean , we had this console thing , whatever the hell they called them , big as a basilisk , a monstrous thing that had a radio and record player .
we were doing covers mostly , blues stuff , the kind of thing cream started with , canned heat , graham bond .
that s probably the most recent thing on there .
how could i be this thing ?
i never asked to be turned into this thing .
what s a pretty thing like you doing out here all by yourself ?
comon man , we got ta hide this thing !
you got ta put that thing away !
the location of this thing is directly above the eagles nest that should be housing mad ted .
yeah , lets get this thing open , encouraged sammy ammo .
it was also the only thing she actually owned that she could keep even if she left the convent .
yeah , if that 's the only thing he 's got .
they are pink , they are pink , but once revealed , all he will do back is point his erect phallus , ineffectual to actually sink in the damn thing .
turn that thing off , let me make you a sandwich and well get back to it later .
well , ok . let me turn this thing off oh , when it comes to cherrys personal life we turn off the cameras , huh ?
can we turn that thing off ?
paid cashhe always pays cashand drove the thing out to gull point by two , which is when jerry said to be there .
so icherry , you ever think about turning that damn thing off ?
kate : honey , get that thing out of my face .
turn that thing off and lets get the girls for some rum on the sand .
you sure you want this thing on ?
said she lived in a cardboard box , poor thing .
each and every tiny thing has to be made , perfected , sculpted , produced , and tested .
lets activate the damn thing then !
the whole thing has to fit together and function perfectly .
the whole thing shimmered in the light , like sugar crystals on top of strawberry bonbons .
once that s done we can sew on the retina and seal the whole thing shut , millicent said .
that s hard to imagine , emma said as she tried to picture a cat and a rock being made of the same thing .
it was the best thing i ever tasted .
he fiddled with the sun visor , but he could nt get the flimsy thing positioned properly .
oops , the clunky thing dropped her cigarettes and matches .
the doctor had to take the whole thing off just to save my life .
the only other thing aunt addy had bought during my lifetime ( that i know of ) was the tv .
god , how old is that thing ?
he takes the wrench looking thing out of carlys mouth and leans back , waiting .
holding it up to his eyes , the light just then failing , jerian at last saw a use for the thing .
his flesh scrubbed she left him once more , this time returning with food , bread and fruit and cheese on a tray , such things as he had not tasted .
always a pain taking this confounded thing .
you go down that thing once and you re hooked and in the gutter in a few weeks .
its just a thing .
i noticed before i got on the thing that when you get to the top you get shooken - up a little .
5:55am dads back and wearing the same thing before i ratted him out .
chloe : yeahhow about putting a tracking thing on moira [ silence ] jessica : i have no problems chloe : that s because you re way too busy killing off one of the normal ones .
surely someone would want to turn the damn thing off .
the metal docking bays were the only thing leading the headquarters he headed from the inside to the outside world and if he had anything to do with it no one would be walking around .
no and did you really have to chuck this thing at me ?
get off the damn net and answer the damn thing before dad snaps .
there was the heaven and earth at first and light and love ; then saturn , from whose throne time fell , an envious shadow ... shelley , prometheus unbound , ii , iv , 32 - 34 * * * * * table of contents today and tomorrow a car , a cottage , and the persistence of memory dangerous games love and hate a gathering of like - minded men secrecy refuge live and let live two serious conversations the last to know meeting secretly end of the affair snowbound girls night out losing the way roses trapped the fatal shot it doth repent me a note about the writer # # today and tomorrow fiona sparrow could hear someones high - pitched screaming and the sounds of things crashing to the floor that told her one of the residents was having a psychotic episode in the recreation room upstairs .
the stupid thing has been warped .
i bet that thing was dropped sometime , either at the ware - house or when it was winched into place .
tell me when you ve added fifty more and we get on a seesaw together , you skinny thing .
would you mind turning that thing off .
well , we have gift wrapped right here in town the very thing were dedicated to fighting .
rett , he snarled , shut your goddamned little trap , or ill point this dangerous thing at you .
charles noticed when some things were taken from the cabin during the day while he and his father were out cutting wood , and he said nothing , hoping his father had nt noticed .
she spied on her son and the man , abel , and when they went into the forest to cut firewood , she crept back to the house and took some things she needed in the cave , some blankets and pots and bags of beans , a kerosene lamp and flints and some clothing .
not wishing to be seen during the day , she buried the sled with these things under piles of leaves that had accumulated over the years and marked the spot , so she could come back by night to retrieve them .
mary would run around , while her mother found a comfortable seat on a rock or within the curve of large tree roots , and find things to show her and delight her and they would nt return to the house until the sun was so low in the sky that they began to feel the slightest tinge of cold and an exciting fear of the dark .
mary remembered back to her garden , how she had planted each thing in its turn and in circles of color and scent , and she missed having a garden and picking her supper fresh .
as he watched himself pass cora at her desk , he heard himself tell her there was no need to stay and finish the amtech report , which just as well could be done first thing in the morning .
sunspots , surelythe source of the constant energy being radiated to hold things in place , as well as of the latent power to destroy .
its the only goddamn thing in the whole place he ever looks at .
we ve tried but to save our souls , or whatever , we ca nt get the damn thing off his finger .
no bourbon first thing in the morning .
how about a place where people could bring their antiques and other stuff to be sold over the internet , like an ebay type of thing ?
morgan marched up to her and handed her the string and the bell , which she took and dangled over her , ringing the little thing as loud as it would go .
like maybe shed be on the porch with things from the garden .
i could see this thing , and hear the pop of the motor coming to life , but upstairs was different .
that s the way it was , i suppose , even though i do nt have a shed that big around this placethe barn door being the biggest thing goin .
the whole damned thing was clipped .
he could see scratch marks on the latch and on the door mechanism where force had been applied until the whole thing popped .
even as a bachelor he would make the thing daily .
and here it wasthe same motion , down and up in the flight of the bird the achieve , the mastery of the thing !
they were standing around the sides of the furnace , looking down at the sheet metal shroud of the top of the thing resting on the ice and snow and two two - by - fours by the tailgate .
just hope it works , was all he would say , holding the thing by the snap hook as though it were a fin and the cable what remained of the spine , the fish mostly eaten , the rusty frame and gears of the main part a head and entrails .
the metal thing was a treasure , a gift brought up from the heap of the pile , a fish lifted up into the naked revelation of cold , searching air , but he carried it off now like a no - account catfish , the handle bumping in the snow as they traveled back .
the old rusty thing , metal and cable .
he traced the rivulet of flaked paint where the coolant had cleaned things up by the number four cylinder and below the bright metal track of its flow noted that the crankcase was still securely bolted in place .
a women put my thing in her mouth .
but after supper my son he bring me this .38 i got hid away and he take me out back and teach me ta shoot that thing and we shoot cans and targets for a while so them quiggleys get the idea n i got ta admit i ai nt had no trouble since , kept them watchin all the time .
then the man bent him over and tore his clothes and poked his thing into joes ass with such speed and force and for so long that joe was broken and bleeding and trying not to cry or vomit and it was worse than it had ever been , even when he was a little boy that time he d almost forgotten , and yet the other men still laughed .
to begin with , where could he go to practice shooting to make sure that he actually understood how to use the thing ?
well actually you go to a lot of grocery stores , every grocery store you can find in a big city where they are too busy to talk to each other and buy money orders in small amounts and open several different bank accounts and keep depositing small amounts in each until you have enough in them to write checks to colleges , make down payments on homes , that kind of thing .
she sighed , realizing he had probably not even read the damn thing .
his hands were still trembling , and he had a lot of trouble getting the thing rolled .
that was the only thing he owned that he was currently keeping in his car .
he looked at the expensive grandfather clock to her right , the thing that announced to anyone who came into the house that here was wealth , here was power , here was taste .
it took two matches to get the thing going satisfactorily .
there s still a lot of country folk do nt have those things .
that temple was the strangest thing i ve seen in a long time , he said , changing the subject .
it was strangely beautiful , and he looked at it with growing awe that someone in the middle of nowhere had made such a thing .
i carve things in wood .
the newest thing , a grayish brown couch with sagging cushions and worn armrests , was a gift her mother got from someone she worked with last winter .
he was naked and his thing was pointing up .
it lurked there in the corner of her mind , and trying to control it was useless , and finally she let it come : the image of jimmy cronin with his thing pointing up .
i hope so , she said as she rose to gather her clothes and things for her shower .
she seemed much disturbed by seeing it as if it , the one and only nice thing in their old apartment , was flooding her mind with everything else that was not beautiful and precious in that dump they lived in .
having arrived first , and having put his backpack with his books and things in one of the bookstore lockers , jeremy was watching all the activity at one of the liveliest places on campus .
when a week had gone by , a man came to the door to deliver some groceries and he told the women about the strange thing parked up among some trees alongside the road , a beautiful canoe , utterly abandoned on a nifty set of big rubber wheels , with the name noahs ark painted on it .
and my smart boy pointed out that the weird tent thing over my head was in fact an upside down canoe and when he talked about noah saving all those people back in new orleans , the guy just laughed his head off and told us to go on , just go on .
he revisited every room of the vast palace in increasingly frantic circles expecting to find something different somewhere , expecting and hoping and fearing to find that single thing or person that would give him a new direction in his wandering , perhaps allow him to stop .
got so a man could nt just demolish a house anymore but had to take it apart carefully because he got more money for the colored - glass windows and cast - iron bath tubs , carved oak doors and fireplace mantels than he got paid to tear the thing down .
she was nt very good but she got better every day and if anyone was watching her , it would nt hurt to be seen shooting that thing .
it always seemed more satisfying to imagine the whole thing going up in a big , glorious cloud of radiation , sudden and crazy and marvelously violent .
otherwise the whole damned thing might have come down .
and i m switching this damned thing off , she said , its already embarrassed me once .
we need the proverbial herring , and i have the very thing .
i should ask you to turn that thing off to mention , in passing , that she was overly fond of drink .
you do nt put two bloody sheep in a thing like a horse - float unless they re worth a squillion !
things are falling into place .
realising her mother had noticed the brooch , caroline said : its the only thing of yours i could find .
i looked around and could nt find a damn thing to use .
there was a scrawny man in cutoff jeans and a tanktop who told passersby that , for only a dollar , they could look at the strangest thing they ve ever seen , which was in a little black box on top of a podium in front of him .
the whole thing stank of death and i hated it .
i ordered a draft beer and it came in a glass goblet sort of thing .
rather , it looked as if it took a few thousand trips back and forth by people with shoes , and no shoes , to make the thing .
i started writing and just a paragraph into the thing , i realized that i was writing my final goodbye .
nine inch nails , skinny puppy , stabbing westward , that kind of thing .
we did some flirting , some role - playing , that kind of thing .
back then there was such a thing .
none of it stuck , the next thing i put on .
he was to pick up the outgoing car first thing the following morning .
wade could not recall ever seeing any such thing at home .
this thing , when called upon , could really make tracks .
we began to put things into the steel car top carrier , having filled a trunk with our luggage almost to the top .
and i do n't need that thing .
this thing should have been another mount st . helens , but somehow it 's just ... stopped !
he kept his toolbox on it , a thing that would never have been allowed in the house when my grandmother was alive .
we sit on the couch , the only thing in our living room , and scott tries to comfort me .
i pack our things , obsessively certain that there s no cockroaches in the boxes , and place them in our car .
its a fun way to relax and unwind , to sit on the couch drinking coffee and look through the catalogues , picking out the perfect things .
all our old things seem shabby in comparison , so we replace the mix - matched dishes and buy sets of spices and expensive frames to display our pictures .
morgen runs over to show me each new thing she unwraps .
in glasgow a tulip had eaten a chocolate vending machine , a kiosk selling among other things cannabis resin and amphetamines , and an american tourist before being run - over by an underground train eyewitnesses described as long and orange , the bent - spine colour of some novels .
the only thing in the office was a large glass desk and a laptop .
god , you can carry a thing like this your whole life .
but all i see is the incredible handwork of another woman like me , who has made this thing .
old people lived in the same rooms for 50 years and never changed a thing .
they were trying to grow things but the garden was kind of skimpy and all they really did was sit around tripping .
it was jest an old broken down thing with no seats in it that crapped out on some hippies , they d left it with me .
and besides , the damn thing was lying against a chair right in front of them .
get that filthy thing off of there and go do your homework .
` ` i 'll go out and look for him first thing in the morning , '' scott promised .
she could imagine it looking like the kind of thing she had often pulled from a clogged drain , except that it would be red .
when i was a little girl i was a sweet little thing .
he could go over there and get a thing and probably and i m saying , thank you .
when he gets hurt is he going to use his easiest thing , his looks , to feel better ?
the hardest part of writing is getting the reader to open the damn thing .
lex drops his voice , her thing .
chapter twenty - seven foe ddhes taller and sadder than i would have guessedactually , had guessedi took the time 2 make up details while turtles shitbox , but freely loaned , car did its 21st century proletarian version of thomas wolfes train , like a scalpel , sliced through the amer - i - can nighttaller and frailer , more fearful , w / shoulders hunched as if something might explode close byor is that my imagination ? waxy looking ears , like it would nt take much , maybe just a little heat , 2 cause them to droopthe khakis were droopy , 2not like pants with a waist 2 small pushed down under a gutmore like some 3rd world person cutting patterns without ever seeing an amer - i - can , but having the idea of plentywatchno ringsvoice as smooth as when i made the phone callno socksand the boat shoes that are nt moccasinswhatever those are calledid like to look at the eyes some morehis met mine , but they seemed like they wanted 2 skitter awaypretty blue likehmmm like winter sky , cheap sapphires , oceans deep , a robins eggsome kind of bluei watched him get the noteun - bushido - like , he started the car before he noticed itbut , he did read it right awayseemed 2 slow him a littleid checked his house out earlierpretty littlea bungalow thing with a railed porch w/ center steps and 2 gabled windows above - could have been one of those houses that looks like a face , but someone put the front door over on the right side which screws it upi walked around backno flowersback door was nt locked .
why you got ta shine that thing right at me ?
then something about the feel of the thing frightened him , so he scrambled back on to the wheel well .
she s wearing some spandex yoga pant thing .
there s a window , with the pointy roof thing , overlooking the entrance of the house .
i m sorry but i had to see you first thing in the morning .
poor thing , barbara thought .
she looked like a cute , defenceless young little thing .
` ` this is the only thing that i took when i left my husband . ''
i had that drafty tablecloth on and i was sitting all uncomfortable on that table - bed thing .
the thing that rose up from the corpse did , in some indescribable way , resemble the old lady in the picture .
a broken down disgusting thing .
so the thing marked as a lych - gate is along there .
i ' m not thinking it 's some sci - fi thing from outer space .
he always got the same thing , so why he looked was always a mystery to him , though he often wondered when a new item might be put on it that he d want to try .
lets make sure we were nt hacked or duped or any other such thing .
i was just thinking about that signal we listened to online a couple of months ago , that crappy song - noise thing , and i thought that would make a great idea for the next novel , bill said .
the frogs are the inner part of a horses hoof and you have to take this little knife scoop thing called a hoof pick and you scrape out all the crap and dirt that s gotten embedded into the hoof and held there by the shoe .
then he stooped down and picked up the thing again .
i ve since demonstrated the thing for henry .
and then- , he paused and looked at me with the crinkly eyes , -keep in mind she was only nine years old going on ten , and just a skinny little thing .
he simultaneously conveyed these two ideas to me : that this thing would help people and that to create was delightful .
i handed that thing in last week .
i think i will even look into booking a red - eye flight for tonight so that i can be out there first thing tomorrow morning .
he was tired of the crushing weight of the thing anyway .
the bike would only have to be lifted slightly ; it would nt take very much space at all for him to slither out from underneath the thing , although miles knew there was likely going to be some screaming and crying when it came time for actual motion .
give me something to work with here god , said miles as he thought again about the first sculpture in his art show for god , puzzling once more over what he was supposed to do with the thing once it was complete .
but where am i supposed to put the thing ?
i grapple up the side of the building with this lightweight hoist on my back , i anchor the thing , then we simply lift all the modular pieces up onto the roof using the pulley system , said bruce .
the thing uses gps to fully triangulate and pinpoint their position .
always good to see he knows his place , thought allan , heartened to see david hang his head appropriately as he gathered his things , preparing to relocate to their mobile command center , a formula super sport ocean - ready powerboat that was awaiting them near pier 37 .
the thing you spent all weekend setting up ?
he did nt see any reason to brush his teeth first thing in the morning when it was the last thing he had done before going to sleep .
she did nt want that thing in her car , but the thought of holding it in her hand , touching it again , or deciding what to do with it , repulsed her even more .
ill get working on your claim first thing in the morning , and if you re eligible then you should have the money by the end of the week , the stranger said professionally .
she did nt find either of those titles , so she pulled the next best thing off the shelf and opened the cover .
in china , he 'd seen a similar thing : a glass staircase - more a ramp really - that curled round with the contours of the cliff - side , the undulations of it added to the scary .
i might just want to spread out ... get comfy ... that type of thing .
that thing can go fast .
you did nt read the whole thing ?
the police wo nt do a thing - beware !
we throw dinner parties and watch top chef and carve things into the tree in our backyard .
i am blasting water like the dickens through there and ca nt move this thing a friggin inch .
the system has been fully operational for over a year now , and the damn thing sees every last move we make , as close to gods eyes as well ever get .
the closest thing i ve ever seen to immaculate conception , dr . z. said .
tell you the truth , i ought to burn the damn thing down .
the eskimo gets lots of things she never usesa fishing pole and a babybut i do it because its the only thing keeping jeremy alive .
the sight of wood floors , polished and clean , of floral - print wallpaper , track lightingthese things comforted betsy in a way she would have never thought possible.never before .
no , he did nt look like the next thing , not at first .
he did nt know what occasion he d have to wear such a thing , but it seemed the perfect antidote to molded rubber balls , a factory pond , the gray rugs climbing up the walls of his cubicle .
the girl snorted , then sniffed , then sneered , then finally grabbed the thing out of her hands .
had her stringy hair falling all over her face , the poor thing must have weighed seventy pounds , no really , i swear .
wanted to get back and see my cuz first thing !
he could barely stand to look at the thing .
he never seemed interested in driving the car , only in fixing the thing , as though the point of the machine had been to generate work rather than to serve any vehicular function .
nothing so beautiful as a dead woman 's body , pale sallow thing devoid of thought .
a thing to be used .
and his eyes find her mother 's milk in the warm dark of her shadowy cleavage and he lights up his savage desire to tear her apart and push his thing into all the squirmy bits of her ripped self .
his dark hair was cut real short and he had lots of tattoos that he liked to show off by wearing as little clothing as possible shorts and a t - shirt in november , that kind of thing .
she swallowed down the urge to grab the stuffed bear out of his hands and cuddle up to the stupid old thing .
trevor 's hands were thrust deep in his pockets , his gaze studiously avoided the mangled thing .
there was that marry - go - round thing that looked like some kinda beetle .
she stood up and looked down at the broken thing at her feet .
it was n't very big , really , just a drizzle of cold water into a shallow pond , just a fragile thing .
his thing is forcing its way into her mouth .
he opens it for her and then his thing is filling her up and he 's pushing it in too deep and she gags and drools .
i never found out exactly what they did , but she was the sweetest thing you ' ve ever seen , not a hateful bone in her body .
you have my heart in your hands , keep it tender , keep it safe , for though the three simple words make it stronger , it is still a fragile thing .
well he would load this thing up at one end of the living room , drive the truck along to the other end of the living room , unload the cargo , and then reload the cargo for shipping to yet another destination within the living room .
it was a standard sized blushing thing with short curly blonde hair and stubby limbs .
gosh , its freezing out there and a hot coffee will be just the thing .
sophies coffin was tiny , more like a toy than a real , grown up thing .
eventually he got to the point that this thing was humming and everything interconnected properly .
this is not a thing for marketing and selling in exchange for fools gold , cut up into bits of commercial pieces that satisfy a moment and make rich men paupers in spirit .
yes , there were the obligatory made in china mummified monkey paws , dehydrated alligator heads and cheesy marti gras masks but those things were displayed on one relatively small area towards the front of the showroom .
he pictured someone kneading dough for very large loaves of bread in the thing , old hands , grandmothers hands , it was that kind of bowl , and he wondered if it had any value , whether this bowl in particular was one of an impossible to find kind that would make him immensely rich now that he , gabriel , had discovered it , and so would pave the way for a great life as yet undefined .
then she decided to type insteada little faster , perhaps , clearer for sure , and easier on her hands , which had grown annoyingly weak of latenow that she had gotten almost used to this darn thing .
let him undo the thing .
flannery sighed , and then bought possibly the most expensive thing she had ever bought , or would ever buy .
well , he s been with me , the old thing , since i got here .
could you please put that thing down for a second .
and then things fell into place , the missing thing stepped into view : of course .
melissa heard them pull up , loud siren shrieking their arrival , and by sheer reflex wished they d turn the thing off , ruth was asleep .
so , before sleep one night she decided she would tell beth first thing next morning .
he was playing the goddamn thing like a grown - up .
he was playing the thing .
he bit on the thing in his mouth and felt the cold metal on his temples and he was very afraid .
carder and some technician in a white coat lifted him up and laid him on a sliding sort of table which moved him into this large circular thing around his head .
and what she saw was the pastor , grunting unnaturally , lowering his own trousers and holding his big ... his big thing in his hand , spit on poor ernies bottom and touch him there .
the womans been through a lot , and with everything accumulating ; well , simply too much in the end for the poor thing .
i can see him first thing in the morning .
poor thing was afraid of shots .
she has agreed to see him first thing in the morning .
the judge told the doctor he can pick up the order first thing tomorrow morning .
she finished tucking in the blue thing that she would sleep under , then sat down on top of it .
well call her first thing in the morning .
and what s more , and worse , he even remembered signing the damn thing .
he would get it first thing in the morning .
ill get you the cash first thing in the morning .
its the very damn thing i m running out of .
carders desk clean and orderly , not a thing out of place .
it was nine - thirty in the morning and the thing had not stopped ringing since he arrived at seven .
i complain every six months or so about this thing , but they never take it away , and they wo nt allow me to scrap it .
i ve got to report this , get departmental approval to pry the thing open .
same thing , he said , only colder .
a sprawling thing that seemed to go on forever in all directions , including up .
oh , the poor thing , said mrs . sampson .
break the damn thing down if need be .
and now , looking at itor at least in its directiontwice she almost rose to get the food and rest of her things together and head out , away , back up into the mountains , back to water and trees and the safety of the glade .
it was a sturdy thing , made out of oak and maple .
he sat down on the couch and tried to pull his pant leg up to have a closer look , but the damned thing was too swollen now even for that .
shut that damn thing off , said harvey to tim who was still filming .
then at tim , please , i asked you to turn that damn thing off .
virtually ran over to the damn thing and checked the calling number .
she gathered her things and rose .
you know , neo - classical , colonial , greek revival , tall pillars , that sort of thing .
and please , aim that thing somewhere else .
lucky you know how to use that thing .
and any thing made , like this glass here , dexter pointed , is equally void of self - control , of will .
ah , that such a slender thing can fill a vacuum so vast .
somewhere inside that thing , which she recognizes as her body , bruised and burned by ropes , bleeding from uncaring passing back and forth between intruders , unbreathing to make them leave , with the help of perhaps a distant beech forest , hiddenly breathing its air instead of the air here in this room , this foul air of lust and desperation , breathing instead the silverly shafted air of her greenly domed sanctuary .
though bad enough to keep her out and away from that painy damaged thing in the metal - framed bed , sides coming up like fences around it as if it might bolt and had better be corralled ; hovering slightly above itthat thing , that wilted thing , now so hooked up to iv and other tubes and a pump that fed her oxygen through her nose or mouth and not nearly as well as the beech forest had so long , long ago that it struck hergod knows from wherelike a tiny processor on some mother board , this tiny thing with all these connections : to feed it , to keep it alive : the center of all this mechanical attention .
then he studied the wilted thing on the bed as if it held the answers .
she made out the outline of lungs , expanding , contracting , expanding , contracting but with help still , that pump thing attached to her , or perhaps it was another pump , must be come to think of it .
no , not cease , but to disengage , to sever , to rescind ownership of that , that wilted , pale , not - breathing - on - its - own thing still slightly flourescent in the now pinkish reddish , still faint light surrounding .
which , at the end of the day , is why the decision had to come down on the side of the pros : the thing worked , and worked well ( and as intended ) in planetary trials ; they needed to test it on a deityon a being of scope .
he seemed to regroup , then set out again : i was looking down at it , this thing , this dirt bike , i guess , yes , this thing of mine , looking down at it .
he seemed to regroup , then set out again : i was looking down at it , this thing , this dirt bike , i guess , yes , this thing of mine , looking down at it .
a very likeable thing .
the ceiling in the rest of the house , howeverwhich was the one thing harman - karmans eyes could reach as they reeled him inhad turned smoke - dark throughout .
they eased her down onto her bed as lara looked around the room , laid eyes on every little thing , and they all remained mum about recent history .
we can lick this thing .
why i even recorded the damn thing to begin with is a mystery .
she drove one of the worst cars i ' ve ever had the displeasure of riding in , and just getting into this thing was a task to say the least .
paige , here 's the thing .
there 's really only two ways this thing can go down .
again , not my best work , but the thing read like a knife .
they spent most of the holiday playing with the old thing .
you ll never have nice things , lizzie , not with a job like yours , you re not going places , you should be looking around .
but the heart , i said , her heart , my babys is normal and the scan they showed us , normal growth , normal size , and the heart so strong , we read , my husband read that edward syndrome babies have so many things wrong with them , so many things and mine is just fine , just those little sacs , just those tiny things and she said , the lady who did the scan said they re seeing things nowadays that they re not sure if they can interpret correctly and dr mason sighed gently as if mustering patience , fished about in a pile of papers in his desk and found the scan of my little girl , one among others .
a cold , educated , controlled thing , lizzie .
has nt anyone noticed the damn thing yet ?
you mean you know what that thing is ?
o - bousan-21 and i found ituhhimfound this thing here on the road firstand then other peoplejuststarted showing up .
are you saying we should take this thing home ?
why did she hold on to this unsightly thing ?
she buried the snow globe deep at the bottom of a chest where she kept josefinas remaining odds and ends and almost immediately forgot about the hideous little thing .
no , i mean inside of that thing .
` ` they have a thing called umbrellas , '' melissa informed him .
timed correctly - and being swiss they had the clocking thing down - there would then be no time for a message to pass between the photons , even at ten times the speed of light .
the odd thing , or perhaps not so odd .
he looked at the re - cradled handset for several seconds as if to recall exactly where he had seen such a thing before .
so she smiled , and smiled again , and then looked around her to see if anyone knew how to turn this thing off .
it was the only thing left on the nightstand ( which did not even hold a lamp ) : a white - covered book clearly contrasted against the black stand .
they re a very swedish thing .
: dinner was what harriet called an oven pancake , a thick , doughy thing replete with bits of bacon and oh , so delicious .
the one thing that far too clearly marked the passage of her time .
to his left , however , down the length of the thing , it seemed to go on forever .
he got up , stretched , and explored the entire trailer , from stem to stern , again and again , opening every door , entering every room , but there was not a single kitchen in the thing .
this thing sure was well insulated .
did you ever stop to wonder at the size of this thing ?
the you can lead a horse to water , but ca nt make him drink thing , said gerald .
so there is nothing to say that the atom , each atom in the universe is not teeming with life , and things , each thing of course made from even smaller atoms , each of which is a planet .
you come with me right now and i 'll make sure you get enough parts for that damn thing to pluck signals from mars to timbuktu .
they talked about old times though jonathon bohrs did not talk much and blaise did not talk much and in fact almost instantly wanted to leave , but don talked enough for all of them and talked about how the neighborhood was going to hell in general but here and there some nice young couples were moving in but here and there were welfare mothers or worse , indians , and he kept a shotgun over the door and his van double - locked and had a pistol under his bed , but that the good lord always did provide , john , and he still had work to do because no one knew how to fix a damn thing anymore - not tv 's , not kitchen sinks , not dryers , not nothing , and john oughta come out of retirement and join him because work would do him good and if there were n't no family to hold him in that mess of a sub - suburb anymore he ought to join him down here and keep an old man company and the two of them keep busy fixing the appliances bought by the nit wits who were popping out of these state colleges with overpriced degrees and no more knowledge than god give a junebug no offense to junebugs but damn what exactly did they learn for their money ?
and then i found the one thing he had overlooked , his own blind spot , obscured by his fixation on his personal tragedy , and i moved it aside , and i flipped the switch he had overlooked , and i began to hear , and in hearing , began to be told what to do .
they are two sides of the coin of valor - dale the compass , ray the thing in a swiss army knife you can use to scale fish .
` ` get that damn thing out of my face !
after forfeiting plovando he used to get the damn thing out when he was drunk and wanted to make it rain .
it was a beautiful thing - a relic from the misguided artisans who d founded boheme .
but i can fix cars and other things and he said they could use a man like me and so i followed him here to this quieter place , and i am useful and i am happy .
my honda was the only thing i owned that i really took pride in .
then the girls voted for a trip to the mansion of horrors , which was just a walk - through thing with lots of twists and turns and people dressed up in cheapo monster outfits who leapt out at you and shrieked .
i turned around at a stop light and said , i think we should hock that thing and buy another one more your style .
then he pointed at things for hera plant , the tv , a lampsmiling at each as if he were showing her a brand new star .
are you going to use this thing ?
they need props , tools , things that fit in the palm of their hand to make it real .
that is the only thing she bought in preparation for our kids .
you only had to see my mother singing in the choir , and you only had to see and hear the church swaying and vibrating , to know that people had taken the raw material of this thing and made it to be their own .
buy that thing ?
they whitewashed the whole thing .
he used to invite me to dinner and ask me to accompany him to official occasions that sort of thing .
ah , but sooner or later that thing goes off you and will see that the moment will arrive in which will put yourself to write to a speed that do n't even know !
not that it interested me seriously to level the thing .
i do n't know , is thing told cases as this ?
i did n't understand a lot her as thing and to the beginning it embarrassed me , yet in the time i had perhaps understood as that pits one form of his of auto - punishment and , even if i did n't feel too much me to my ease , i beat her / it strong .
but you thing does us here , who has invited you ?
i thought about thing i / you could prepare to that time and , not having lavender in the house , i have opted for a more classical '' garlic oil and peperoncino . ''
there is then that cogliones of surveyor that ... it does n't already understand a cazzo ... it comes there then to make the professorino with his / her shirt and his / her norms and he / she does n't even know as a bindella it is used ... ah , but i send sooner or later them to fanculo all ... you see if i send them ... you see , if it goes in i bring that thing ... david when he / she spoke of job ( practically always ) it was incomprehensible .
a true japanese katana , an authentic thing , a thing of value , camped to the entry of its room from bed .
a true japanese katana , an authentic thing , a thing of value , camped to the entry of its room from bed .
do you destroy yourself for twenty years with liters of wine per diem and does thing deserve yourself a cup ?
i had never done there case , i had always thought that my smaller brother would have been forever my little brother and believed that i would always have had on him the power to decide to thing he plays or thing looks him in television .
the case does n't seem me to joke on the thing !
can thing do there then me ?
i have looked at the telephone before putting to sleep me , between a thing and the other one you / they were done the 3.30 of the morning ; dopodich has collapsed in the sleep .
i have asked then him to thing it served him the blue shirt from railroader to the nine of the morning , but gianca is inserted as a housewife and you / he / she has admonished to make me my cazzis and to give me a movement to lift me .
but is thing , the vacation of the secret ?
and does thing enter it with gianca ? a thing they serve that sheets on the table ?
it magnified everything , it threatened with doing this and that , to break every thing , to give fists to guy and kicks to caio , to be able to capsize the whole peninsula if you / he / she had wanted him .
does it have the full belly , does thing have to lose ?
you know a thing ?
yes , vabb , thing means ... jesus where you put him / it ?
do i mark thing ?
it looks absurd and that makes it noticeable ... . with my rags i ought to wear a cap , any sort of old pancake , but not this grotesque thing .
an awful scene took place between them on the spot in the garden ; marfa petrovna went so far as to strike dounia , refused to hear anything and was shouting at her for a whole hour and then gave orders that dounia should be packed off at once to me in a plain peasant 's cart , into which they flung all her things , her linen and her clothes , all pell - mell , without folding it up and packing it .
the iron strip was added to give weight , so that the woman might not guess the first minute that the ` ` thing '' was made of wood .
the whole thing appeared dirty , organic and ancient .
cannon had designed and built the thing years ago in his quest for the perfect cup of java .
the fan of cannons computer wheezed , the keyboard with the extra long extension cable laid out next to him , the crt flickering , a monstrous old thing mounted on a swing arm like an industrial robot so he could work from bed .
that old thing is rotten .
the plaid thing es muy macho .
with the natural screen of vegetation cleared off , the thing loomed to japanese horror movie proportions , even larger than childhood memories .
and if some miracle started the thing rolling , no margin of error separated it from plunging into the ravine .
besides , we need to get this thing working .
i had to steal the thing from my own museum , and , as i said , its appallingly heavy .
my van , my things , my money is in mirwans place .
still carrying yonkas things , he walks inside looking for a place to dump them .
but first thing in the morning .
and there , that little thing is a genuine signac .
` ` what i mean is the only thing available is cabin class staterooms , with living room and bedroom , the bedside telephone , and personal valet service .
at the end was a large green expanse with trees and bushes , the whole thing surrounded by modern new york apartment buildings .
well have to go through the whole trunk and pick out a couple of things to keep .
well find it first thing tomorrow after school , nathalie said .
i promise you we will go find the airline office first thing in the morning .
i m exhausted , and tea is just the thing right now .
i have nt figured out how to work this thing inside .
with his back firmly against the stairs , i tried smashing the bottle on the concrete steps , but the thing would nt break .
being the only computer literate person , it fell upon me to get the thing installed and working .
horrified anew , he grabs the only living thing at hand to cover his undelineated privates .
it is defiant against the gaping drop and the universe just beyond , though the entire thing is latticed with scaffolding .
a little here , put in a thing over there , is what i understood .
maybe we are supposed to go through all this trouble learning things , breaking things , cluttering everything up and then just like that rocketing off to distant planets without cows or butter or ants or flowers , hopefully bringing some of them with us , but i know , not all of them .
i d swear that thing was haunted .
i examined the boxy , stainless steel thing from a safe distance .
you use a thing like a pitcher with a funnel on it to pour a stream of batter into hot oil .
miz grace hardly wears the same thing twice !
i done seen her wear the same thing twice !
if you do nt get out of this classroom building and leave that young lady alone , a watch wo nt be the only thing that s broken !
she cherished the book because it was the first thing she owned that seemed designed especially for her , and in it jesus was a nice white man with a nice invisible father named jehovah , and he really cared about people .
she s got ta white thing round her eye !
who s flying this thing ?
lets get this thing netted .
i do nt know if the thing is broken , or if i did something wrong .
if there is one thing that i ve got , its time .
anyway , the tree was her thing , and it was the envy of everyone .
kenny , would i tell you how to fly this thing ?
when she saw her , last , she was this pathetic , frightened thing .
` ` i ' m flying to stacy 's parents first thing tomorrow morning . ''
oh , poor thing .
they who had looked at you like you were a dirty thing .
you take slow steps against the train 's momentum , creeping back along the top of the snaking thing .
there is no real point to building the thing , but it is all he knows .
josh took a deep breath and looked up at both of them , and said , ok . heres the thing .
` ` there 's this thing called a map , '' the stranger said .
the only thing a dismal team like the foxes could offer kevin was the goalkeeper who 'd once spurned him .
` ` i 'll swing you past coach 's place to get your things . ''
that thing have magical expanding powers i do n't know about or something ? ''
wymack 's couch was the nicest thing he 'd had in over a year , but now he had a bed .
` ` it 'd be tacky to wear the same thing twice , would n't it ? ''
the first morning of boot camp you woke up when the chief whipped a goddamn garbage can 80 feet in the air so it hit the far wall of the compartment and you sat up on your sweaty plastic mattress where you slept in your civvies for about 15 minutes and watched the guy next to you fly through the air on his magic carpet mattress because the chief had yanked the whole goddamn thing off the top rack and on to the floor .
and the next morning while you are sitting in the galley eating a omelet with real eggs and real cheese pinch one made for you the senior chief comes in and tells pinch one to make one for him and then says kieffer the shit hit the fan and you are not going and you say what senior chief and he says that the asshole first lieutenant reminded the xo that you are restricted to the boat for two more days and he says he s not signing off on this and you say oh fuck and the senior chiefs says yup and then sits up and tucks into the omelet and says pinch one , this fucking thing is runny and you put down your plate and say i m gon na go see the bosun and the senior chief nods at you like you took a long time figuring that one out and then he asks pinch one you got any good hot sauce for these runny fucking eggs .
so you spend the rest of the morning sitting there , and when the sun comes overhead you move into the shade at the edge of the courtyard and you shoot the shit a little with the marines and one of them asks to see your m-16 and you hand it over and he says shit this thing still has the grease pack in it and good thing you did nt try to fire this fucker and then he pulls out the magazine and ejects the bullet in the chamber and breaks it down into pieces and cleans each piece and then he snaps it all back together and hands it back and says do nt keep a round in the chamber it ll jam , do nt charge it unless you re ready to fire and do nt fire until someone tells you to , got it and you say sure and you slowly slide the magazine back into the rifle and lean it carefully against the wooden railing at the front of the sidewalk than runs around the inside of the building .
you get in and a marine leans over and shows you how to drive the thing and then you carefully drive it over the fort and a crowd of marines comes around and you and mr . holden sell their allotment of smokes and playboys and a few watches and a boom box and a lot of candy and then you get your m-16 and a map from the master sergeant with the camps marked out on it and you drive out of the fort into the afternoon sun and your last view of the fort is a marine with clippers shaving the heads of a long line of guys .
after a while you come to a crossroads and turn right and then start climbing up into the mountains through a pass , and you climb and climb up the side of the hill past the brown grass hillsides and the tumbling rock walls , and then past a fort that was just fucking flattened by some big ass bomb in the war with a huge steel i - beam bent up out of the blasted roof toward the sky , and you can see inside some black things that might be bodies like road signs along the thruway , and you climb up into the mountains shifting and grinding the gears .
you say why was he picking up ammo and the corpsman shrugs his shoulders and you are getting really pissed at the whole thing , and then his dad or whoever , maybe his uncle , comes up to him and talks to him real low and the kid nods his head , and the doctor comes up and talks to the uncle or dad and the guy nods his head , and the doctor turns to the corpsman who s talking to you and says lets get him on the table and get him under , they just agreed to take the thing off above the elbow and the corpsman says catch you later like he s going to the store or something and he goes up to the kid and helps him off the table and they go into another part of the tent and the dad or uncle is just standing there .
chapter twenty - five and the three of you drive out of town and out on the highway and through the checkpoint and then on to the highway and you stomp on the gas and the humvee spins up to about fifty , which is really hauling for them , and finally mr . holden leans over and says slow down petty officer and you take your foot off the gas and the humvee winds down and then you put the thing in neutral and just let it glide for about a half mile and then when its going about a mile per hour you pull over to the side and turn it off and you sit there with the engine creaking and a little wind in your ears , and then you lean over the side of the humvee and puke in the dirt .
and the marine hoots and puts down the laser on top of the humvee glowing red , and you both look up and over the side of the humvee at the fort and the thing is just blown to fucking bits , and then you hear on the radio , you hear the pilot say something about insurance and you can hear him take another big honking turn and then he s coming from the south , his engines getting higher and higher , and he says something about locked on , and then he s about a half mile away and you hear the marine say something like holy jesus motherfucker run and you jump up and start to run when you hear the a-10 whip over and a little whistle and in front of you the ground goes white with your shadow dark and you hear a huge crunch and this huge fucking hand slaps you in the back and you fall face down into the dirt and slide on your face , and then little bits of humvee and other shit are raining down out of the sky .
still , we were ridiculously proud of our engineers ability to make the thing run .
' i wish you could fashion that thing so i could have some warning .
chapter sixteen the only thing that glowed in the stormy sky was the volcano peak on nepta in the far distance .
without questioning the contents , gainsburg drank the whole thing .
all the things she never had growing up , she would have with judd on their farm .
` ` the only difference between shannon and your smut collection at home is that i can have the real thing the rest of you can only drive to the wreck for live women .
but they were strange looking things '' distracted by the day 's events , ray said , ` ` is the document worded so that the back fifty acres will be split along the tree line ?
when they turned into copperfield street hugh said , ` ` better hide that thing davey it 'll only upset her , you know how she feels about the war . ''
` ` i told yer hughie , there 's something about that thing .
` ` got just the thing for ' i m hughie ! ''
` ` you mean ... '' ` ` go on and get the thing , the sooner we get to the bottom of this the better . ''
` ` pass us it ' ere lad and give us a bit of light , i wan na check this thing out again . ''
surtees laughed , ` ` this thing is rusted so badly it is of more danger than protection ! ''
` ` eh , take that thing off lad , i do n't like this , these fellers are n't just off to war , it 's like that feller just said they 're enjoying themselves . ''
` ` and stick this thing on yer ' ead , we do n't want you falling down them stairs . ''
question is how did he get that thing fixed up . ''
someone must ' ave made the flippin ' thing .
` ` now that thing ' ad to come from somewhere , give me a guess who it was an ' were it come from . ''
` ` that feller ca n't have had his breakfast , '' said paddy making a joke of the horror , ` ` yer okay , just watch where the thing goes , '' he encouraged .
` ` there they go , coast 's clear lad , go and chuck the thing in the canal ! ''
` ` it 's worth a try lad but where was the thing ?
` ` train the cannon on that thing over there , '' ordered the commander pointing to the edifice on top of the temple .
he 's not goin ' to eat the thing is he ? ''
` ` be handy that thing in jimmy duffy 's market .
` ` check that thing out lad !
ahe does n't fancy spendin ' the night out in the woods with that thing .
@ aif it 's still there lad , i did n't like the look of that thing .
aflamin ' > eck what was that thing ?
it was like a goddamn mirror , man ; i could eat off that thing .
this thing just looked too perfect to be a fake .
then his fist came through my door , busting the whole thing up into long shards of wood and particle board .
he smiled casually and looked around my place as if it was his own and someone had moved in and started using his things .
the damn thing just sits there staring at us .
i have a message from the land of the living : if you re going around showing your old thing to the girls , knock it off !
were watching the thing , an alien invasion epic from 1951 .
a few sparks sizzle , and the damn thing falls silent in the middle of ring number six .
say , you re a pretty little thing , are nt you ?
someday , you re going to have to tell me how you got this thing , i say , clambering into the vw bus .
poor thing nearly fainted while she was setting the type .
poor old thing , the widow says .
its the only clean thing i could find , i explain .
blake swirls a clumsy circle and stares at the sun with a radiant expression of pure goofy joy , my half - emptied fifth of jim beam in his hand the only thing left to drink in the trailer .
it may take a while , but we can certainly prove that you re who you say you are , and that you re not deceased , through fingerprints , dental records , testimony , that sort of thing .
kane : i ' m not putting my hands in that thing .
alma : that blanket is the only thing i have from her .
the lyre is the only thing that could alleviate the pain , but that would be too easy .
as the scoundrels ' performances were heavily improvised , hank never played the same thing twice- art , he always said , is in the air .
the only thing that he found to be in short supply was envelopes of a dozen aspirin .
now please , turn that thing off .
one gold piece for each man and woman , and some small thing for each child .
i looked hesitantly at the thing .
i feel like i m stuck in some infinite loop , like a computer , and nothing works and the stupid thing just hangs .
it was the kind of thing zeus would want .
that thing dangling between his legs was what he was going to use to enter her in the slit between her legs .
she must have been the closest thing they could get to a midwife .
i wrote a poem about this love - rape which is called , the darkness , in my poetry book : my heart is beatnik flavoured and this new one , which is just about rape in general ( it 's not great poetry , it just tells a short story ) : rape , rape , rape rape , rape , rape - it 's the bowling ball between my hips ; i ' m so heavy - it 's the reason i ca n't get up , and get my own water ; or dinner ; or that thing , just over there .
clint somehow doubted that teddy , who was small for his age , would be able to lift the thing and hold it steady let alone summon the finger strength to pull the trigger .
` ` damn straight , '' yuffie guffawed , ` ` and the thing 's huge ! ''
` ` so how is nat doin ' on the thing ? ''
` ` the damn thing works ! ''
i have been working for two days straight trying to learn enough about mechanics and electrical engineering to get this blasted thing to stay running longer than an hour .
` ` i do n't even know what the hell the damn thing is .
` ` if something bad happens , to spite hojo i 'll design a way to use this thing to reintroduce your original dna , or plasma , or blood , or whatever needs to be done .
he leaned back in the brown leather couch and stared at the only thing on his coffee table , which was a gold - framed photo of a woman .
that thing was sweeter than any pumpkin pie mother made .
the news was the last thing he d flip the tv to when in a hotel room when he was traveling .
the only thing in the house that i had locked and hidden the key .
he held up a machine - like thing and began airbrushing the sheet .
i watched , not able to remember ever having thrown a frisbee as a child , and surprised at how well barbie could handle the thing .
he gave me a look over my head that commiserated with me how atrociously an eyesore the thing was , then said , well , are nt you the belle of the ball ?
we would nt let her wear it in public , but putting that thing on was the first thing she did anytime she came home .
i made a mental note to brush my teeth and shower first thing and eat mints all morning .
i barely remember being on the thing .
he had last been up here when he got the extra key under the aloe plant , but now the swaying and swing of the thing made him dizzy .
the twisty thing ?
i parked several blocks away and left the keys in the ignition , just as all had been when i d stolen the thing .
the toilet was covered in dark red puke strewn from the lid to the base of the thing .
the star creature pointed down to a shiny thing ; a smooth flat glassy reflective screen .
i read the thing from cover to cover in one sitting then started over .
poetic interlude 1 telling tales began at the camp fire stories told tales to inspire make us bold became a reflection of who we are for closer inspection we go far best with a sting to challenge the mind or enticing fling for morals to find they bare our soul revelation sought make us whole cut a long story short the oral tradition poetry thrives , it always will , man can never have had his fill , of words that say so much to all , making us great and never small ; sometimes it seems this is nt the case , poets , after all , have been displaced , by radio , tv , cd and more , getting your words heard becomes a chore ; oral tradition seems a thing from the past , no one wanting to hear , alas !
of course , it was nt the only thing on my journey to becoming a writer , but i suppose it put experiences , past , and yet to come , into perspective .
i opened up a bottle of champagne and drank the whole thing myself .
any thing he got , he earned .
oh yeah that rock thing .
the only thing that raced through her mind for sure was a bullet .
patches held the whole thing together .
damn thing went out that morning right before i had to drive to peoria , i was in a big rush , and that bastard wally longyeah , i said bastard , and you can tell him i said sohe gouged me for a new one .
so they 're kicking the thing around , completely oblivious to everything but the game and their boombox .
much to my chagrin and shock , even when we were able to get the thing into what i would have supposed to be sympathetic hands , we got kind dismissals , compliments galore , but no takers .
i got in my car , took me a minute to dig my keys out of my pocket , put out my cigarette in the overflowing ashtrayeven i smelled how bad it stank , never remembered to clear the damn thing out , always found a way to fit another butt in there .
oh , i do nt know , any old thing .
mackeys wallet was on the table , hulking thing filled with sandwich shop cards , receipts , old photos of people i did nt know , post - it notes with reminders to buy milk or pay bills , and ninety - seven dollars in cash .
the only thing that would save her life when stepping into the flames .
unless its some webcam thing , its mostly faceless , right ?
looks like its a thing in a sci - fi movie .
domen knew of only one thing in the back of his cave , the lovely , blessed darkness .
a worthless thing of metal in the end , the stealing of it meant nothing .
this tiny hovel alone is left to me , the only thing enduring of our entire lives together .
she looked up at the blood pressure cuff , the small grenade - looking thing that was the hand pump .
i told you not to buy that thing , seth said .
a frat brother let me have this thing for 100 bills .
he snatched up another green martini olive and said , why ca nt they make these things without these goddamn red things ?
he snatched up another green martini olive and said , why ca nt they make these things without these goddamn red things ?
i had just ridden the bull , rode that friggin thing standing , just like i had wanted .
he reminded me of a mangy dog , making messes with his slobber , his unsightly red thing hanging out .
the movie theater was the only other thing open on this side of town at this late hour .
you have that thing everywhere you go .
as usual , jj felt a contradictory set of reactions appreciation that now his ass was covered and annoyance that of course she decided on the gift and purchased it , took total charge of the thing while assuming he and joy would nt get it together themselves without her doing it all .
in other words , the thing he had been wearing all summer .
it was supported on thin mahogany legs , a great box of a thing with a heavy lid that was propped open with a wooden rod .
i took the thing between index and middle fingers , adhering to the observed custom of my college peers .
the thing blasted into the black sky .
but i wanted to seal the thing up pretty quickly .
i bet she is a beautiful little thing that just idolizes her daddy .
with a swift stroke he slapped it away not knowing what the wet thing was .
sweet thing , eh .
raced past the bushy part , through the whispering , eerily shadowed tunnel of the bamboo patch , along the edge where the road was falling into the river , skid on some gravel , stop , grab side , pant - pant - pant , off again , do nt look back , run , run , come on feet , swing on to my street , do nt stop now , past manicured verges and shapely shrubs , arrive at last , pause , open gate , skate to a stop at own front door , drop keys twice , open the damn thing , slam it shut , double - bolt those beautiful locks .
me mehself , that is why i do nt make all kinda thing and bring from home because i do nt want nobody children to get sick .
i go have plenty time to make my sweets after school and still sell in the market on weekends , so i go come back from the week after this one when i buy up a few things .
girl , if you see thing !
can you just put that thing down so we can talk ?
hey , you play that thing ?
do they ever check this thing ?
rays been saying that to me for years , that i needed to get rid of that thing .
i never leave them messages , she hates that thing !
even now i am craving a smoke , and i got a ten - mile run first thing in the morning .
helen and cassandra had worked on drafting a brief press release to go out first thing monday morning , and the older attorney was more than a little worried about the repercussions .
that darn thing had been her boss for too long .
for the love of pete , what in the heck are you doing with that thing inside the house ?
shh , now , lil thing , my lil thing , shh .
shh , now , lil thing , my lil thing , shh .
she says she is looking for a place , poor thing .
irene had allowed me to leave all my things in an abandoned storeroom in the farm house and shed even given me a lock .
not even a real faith , jon moaned as he grabbed at the reigns of the swinging porch , silencing the creaky thing .
you ca nt go and touch that thing .
how could he drive this thing while we are all trying to keep the clothes on our backsthe food on our tables ?
this damned thing .
the damned thing was there .
and my mother never bought a single pig thing .
liable to blow the whole shit up with one puff of the thing .
things seemed to be fitting into place .
you better sunscreen that thing on up today or you ll surely be sorry .
you got a handle on that thing ?
well pull this bad - boy out first thing early tomorrow morning .
we could bring back things like vanilla , cinnamon , black pepper , and salt , just to name a few things that will make our lives more interesting .
when sage told juanita that he wanted to go to santa fe to get the things he would need to wear , she told him that she already had her dress , but she would help him select a tailor to sew his special clothes .
other than the spear , he had made before he left the cave , these weapons were things sage had brought from st . louis .
chapter twenty - two back to santa fe and juanita when evening star returned to black crow , sage returned to his cave , gathered his mother and fathers things , and prepared to load them onto the pack mule so that he would be ready to leave in the morning .
the wrong equipment was placed in the wrong place on the shelves , and when i went to get it i went to the right place but the wrong things were there .
connie led lou to the picnic table on the small lawn and joan threw jamies things into her travel bag and hustled the still - sniffling girl to the car .
tomorrow you get yourself a bucketful of nightcrawlers and well go fishing again first thing in the morning , just you and me , and well catch everything we can , so that at the end of the day well have a pile of fish so high they ll be able to see it all the way from portland .
well , for one thing , he s always moving things around in the stockroom where we work , hoping ill give the wrong equipment to the linemen .
although he realized it was probably already too late , he did not want the doctor instructing him to avoid soda and sweets and chinese food , telling him the things claude ate and drankand really liked , dammithad caused the headache and would cause more unless he cut them from his diet .
fairs a hard thing to cut , tom .
mortgage , same thing , nothing missed .
with her panty hose draped over her shoulders , joan peered into the depths of the fridge for the right thing to eat .
darezzo swerves hard to avoid them and rams into the base of the number six shelf , and the whole thing comes crashing down .
i m surpwised no ones got out their black & decker seven iron and hacked the wuddy thing down in the middle of the night , bristled bsj .
what bloody idiot has got their hands on that old thing ?
he was as right as rain first thing this morning .
ill get on to them first thing in the morning .
what are my options if i ca nt play the ruddy thing ?
well if the damn thing wo nt budge ill just have to bounce it off the far cushion , he concluded with an elaborate thrust of an imaginary cue .
cursed the viscount , who put that bloody thing there ?
i presume you do nt need me to actually go in and fetch the thing to get a drop out ?
ill get the ruddy thing if no one else will !
well , if my mother managed to get that thing in and out using this driveway , i think well manage .
we agreed to look for one first thing in the morning .
at least he would nt have to prepare the thing from scratch in the event that he was unable to find the final version .
the damn thing was due today .
i do not have a thing for you .
the ouija board has the alphabet on it and they moved this pointer thing around the board .
the picture on the front showed two people with their fingers resting on a triangular plastic thing .
i had to brace myself with my feet apart so that i could pull the pole back up and straighten the whole thing out without falling in on top of it .
not at first i did nt , but then when i felt the pointer thing move when we asked him if his name was darren , i changed my mind .
if you do n't mind roughing it , i could put you up for the night ; we 'll get your car situated first thing in the morning . ''
water the plants and just keep an eye on things until we return .
have you done all this with that old thing ?
it probably did nt work anyway ; it was a rubbish brown thing .
that guitars virtually the only thing i own .
now you can see its just a cheap old thing you can see it wo nt cost much to replace .
get that thing off my amp , a voice said behind him .
combat gear , target mitts and pads , that sort of thing .
this thing got the number for lax ?
on the desk across the room there is a bowl of old candy all those sweet things wrapped in bright plastic flashing and glittering like trash metal .
they never cared about her , about that used up thing .
one by one she takes her things from her bags and sets them on the bedspread which seems musty but not unpleasant a kind of earthy scent that reminds vanessa of childhood .
i knew at once that i must have her , i wanted to own her , to have that wet pink soft thing always .
tommy had kicked it when they first got here and the whole thing jangled , bits of ice tumbling down on them like smooth glass ; they 'd danced away with their hands over their heads , shrieking with pleasure .
she loves books the touch the scent the fact of them the presence she opens a book and she is a child again reading in dim light transported drawn in a magic thing a beauty that aches and hurts all great love hurts gets right there down into the soul to twist .
she stammered n - no just gulliver 's travels though in truth she 'd not read the thing only knew it so well she falsely remembered having done so .
naomi got rid of it that old thing why are you wasting your time ?
if you can love the thing if it 's got real power then why would they want to change it they 're saying that it was n't enough was n't good enough is what they were saying .
/ a child prodigy all these whiskered men clawing all over me slavering for the gift they all thought they could leech on they were all desperate they all wanted to be artists wanted to create but knew in their hearts that they never would they thought that if they could create me then that might be enough / my parents were so flattered they sent me to the best schools the finest academies in the world and when i would play for the skeptics for the judges for the admissions boards they would all cry they would all say that it was so beautiful they would say that i was so perfect but i knew that it was n't real just to play a dead man 's song was not real it was just a hobby just a distraction / i started to write my own music i wrote it in secret i hoarded it and would play for no one / the whiskery men the hatchet faced women they were all horrified they were all stern why does n't she play they asked each other talking over my head like i was n't there like i was just an / it / a performing thing but i was not that thing i was n't a wind up doll i was a creator / i slaved over my piano i wept and bled and i wrote music it 's all writing just another language just the way sound hits the ear turned to paper i wrote and wrote and when i finished i slit my wrists / i was sixteen years old / it was the first time i tried / my parents found me bleeding out on the keys took me to the hospital smashed the piano i did n't care i was done with it there was nothing left .
seeing dc 's things his books and manuscripts his pencils patterned with bite marks his eyeglasses half - folded and set on the edge of the shelf his shoes in the corner a spare pair with the laces looped and draped back into the tongue drooping free the potted plant on the windowsill cactus turning a faint brown you can see the creep of death as the color fades like the advance of rot down a gangrenous limb it is overwhelming she can feel his presence here so strongly .
she the eternal worshiper the fan she knew that she would love this thing she did not have to see it to know and so she wondered at the cracks she judged them for the disguised shaking of their faith and then she met him the great author really met him and he said to her the first words he said to her spoken as though to a human -i should have burned the fucking thing / this is going to be ugly they 'll crucify me for this one and i do n't blame them .
do nt worry , juliska , i would comfort her , just think of the number of times his obscene snout discharged into it all kinds of slimy excrements and how persistently the poor thing needed to be scrubbed and ironed in order to achieve such perfection .
you know the best thing to have , the best thing to have in the desert is a mirror .
i threw out that silly round plate and thing with stupid wheels .
her skin was the smoothest thing he had ever touched .
she loves cooking and making things , and appreciates fresh fruit .
i 'd hate to leave a pretty little thing like you stranded . ''
as for fanny 's being stupid at learning , ` ` it was very unlucky , but some people were stupid , and she saw no harm in the poor little thing , and found her very handy in carrying messages , and fetching things . ''
mrs . norris thought some steady old thing might be found at the park that would do .
it was the only thing approaching to a letter which she had ever received from him ; she might never receive another .
in reality i ' m a chickenshit little bird who does n't own a thing .
it was early morning , but his frayed nerves would n't allow him to postpone the visit : he had to go down first thing and not return without the rent money in hand .
his pals in the criminal underworld would have helped him fence the thing .
at the next opportunity he planned to unlock the basement , grab bill 's classical guitar last time he looked it was there against the wall and either sell it for pocket money or smash the thing to pieces over the stairs !
this still left the length of his body and legs open to further attack : the metal thing , a cooking pot , landed repeatedly on his hip , although by now her strength was rapidly waning .
biding his time , knowing he could rely on that sucker of a landlord to hang onto the thing no matter what ?
he always said was that a car was the best thing ever invented to connect two human beings .
one thing young people never believe is that they are the ones who really have the luxury of time .
she even told tom the history of some of the things hanging on the branches of the fragrant balsam tree .
when she told laura this was what she would like her christmas present to do , laura laughed out loud at the impossibility of finding such a thing .
when i asked wayne how his friend made contact with a runaway child on the streets , wayne said his friend used the one thing no teenager could resist , shopping .
tom gave the farm couple the written list and the dollar amounts and their eyes got wider and more frightened as they saw they were being offered a total of three thousand eight hundred dollars for their old things .
they only stopped at three other likely looking places and had taken a few things from each one so it meant they had only spent five thousand dollars .
at the dairy queen , amanda changed her mind and chose instead a chocolate dipped soft ice cream cone , and tom had the same thing , and they went back to the streets and walked to the beautiful park beside the fast running black river .
the one side of the hay loft is still full of the old things my grandfather brought from the old country .
are nt you a sweet thing ?
her things were in toronto and belonged to another place and time .
that was why the only thing ian could imagine to resist the pressure of time was having something real that might survive into the future , and the only thing he could imagine like that was a place he loved , a place his family felt they belonged for the rest of their lives .
they both thought constantly about each other , each others bodies , each thing they had touched and how it felt when they made love .
not since the great wall of china has such a thing been made on earth .
it must give you such a proud feeling to know that the might of the empire could build such a thing to defend us from the hun .
a mirror is a rare thing out here at the front .
credit to him though , god knows how he manages to wake up every morning in order to blow the bloody thing and wake us .
she borrowed a little green austin from one of her women friends and the old thing fairly rattled as we travelled the winding country roads .
we sat for hours drinking the only thing we could afford : tap water .
i m pretty indestructible with this thing .
sure thing , coach promised .
i d say you re not quite thirsty enough to drink the whole thing , she answered with a grin .
for one thing the card transaction would be traceable to that area , and second jay would not have to be present for a transaction at the counter where someone or a security camera could identify him .
a fine , fine thing !
he painted that old thing ?
ohthis old thing ?
the machine has remained where it was initially found , probably because the thing looked so forbidding .
given the absence of power , i did not see how the thing could work .
not sure why i did it , but i pressed the darn thing .
i stood looking at the thing and wondering what just happened .
obviously the thing had stopped working for some reason .
it 's just got to have some floor kind of thing .
` ` so what is this thing '' , he kept asking me every ten paces , but i was keeping my secret .
the thin blanket was the only other thing i needed .
i connect the car cd player and took out the last thing i bought at school .
he did nt want to look at megans things , or smell the familiar scent of her that still lingered .
it was just the sort of thing brad pitt was looking for .
he pulled the velcro door open and the thing deflated to a flat yellow egg yolk in a matter of seconds .
the thing rocked and wiggled to the left .
the thing deflated in seconds and hung off the root like a parachute .
the thing looked like a headless clown , the kind with the sand bottom that always bobs upright .
under a dim light sat a crazy looking thing , made of wood with what looked like a saddle .
you push the thing .
there s a chrome table leg , a cylinder thing , in the bedroom .
uncle bent smiled mysteriously and slipped the thing into his medicine pouch .
god only knew where he had found such a thing .
it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen , so much more elegant and noble than the rest of that flashy heap .
closing her eyes , she said , ` ` could you point that thing someplace else ? ''
down , down , he swam through thick air , reached out a slow - motion hand , hooked the lacey little thing on his index finger , brought it wonderingly to his face .
she ordered the chili special , which was the cheapest thing on the menu , and as she waited for it to arrive , she noticed roxy at a nearby table with some familiar looking people from work .
` ` this is the grooviest thing i have ever seen , '' said ron .
the poor thing got trapped in the bottom of my trash cani could nt get out .
this thing is fucking good .
inside , the head is still just as it was when i made it : the glass eyes , the eyelashes that took forever for look just right , the hair styled into a little fifties milk man buzz cut , the whole thing is perfect , a tiny masterpiece .
they will probably let me back sooner or later i can get them if you want he says you might be too busy practicing your trumpet he looks down at the instrument and says , this thing is going to make me fucking famous .
i m no luddite , nor do i pine for an imaginary past that never existed in the first place , and at the same time that pittsburgh was teaming with people who created things with their hands , the lower half of the country was still covered in the pox of segregated bathrooms , and restaurants , and schools ... the memories of the good old days are a balm for people who want someone to blame , when we are all to blame .
then , i put another piece of paper over my original sketch , and trace the entire thing again .
but it was nt a threat to the safety of the public , it was a paper mache head i say so we found out , we had technicians surrounding the thing for six hours trying to figure out what some asshole hid in a big wooden box and then you found out it was a head i say it is all a joke , huh ?
her clothes caught his eyes the most ; marc said that was the only thing she wore , that she had no time for her appearance .
you want to fly in this thing though ?
did you see that thing on channel two last night ?
tom and carlos are going to fly this thing off the roof .
who d want to live in a world where crowds of strangers hounded you , asked you to write your name thousands of times , took your picture , got you to say things over and over like a toy , a play thing , just there to provide amusement for them before they lost interest and moved on to someone else ?
i do nt want anybody reading the goddamn thing .
quite honestly , i think we were better off without the blasted thing .
i might have seen the damn thing in the road if i did nt have to listen to you !
the old thing is nothing to brag about , but all you have to do is shoot in their direction , and they scatter like spooked rabbits .
but if it comes down to us or them well but even a skilled marksman could nt hit the side of a house with this old thing .
peter pressed his lips together and filled his lungs with a slow breath , then said , heres the thing .
melissa loves the beads , things made of wood , saffron dresses and above all the small handicrafts made of metal .
mrs . lugar was a teeny thing and scared to death of him when he was drunk or angry .
it had been my mexican grandfathers wheelbarrow before , a barrow built to outlast several generations of ranching men , a real workmans barrow , formed of solid iron , heavily rusted , a dangerous thing if it fell on a kid .
if i were a smart person , said father , i d chop that damn thing outta there .
look how big the thing is in just five years .
poets favorite phrase , and this grand thing in the end when none of its green flesh remained on its bones was fated to be forced into a car by a family in search of a unique patio decoration .
he opened the station wagon tailgate and thrust the thick knotted end of the poor thing in the bed of the wagon .
but i did not want the job of watching that thing .
it was a naked and wretched thing pulled out of the desert the way it had been ; we had violated it .
something could be coming out of the thing , something could be potentially living inside that old saguaro , for i had seen what was under it when my father turned the thing over and that horror house was not something i wanted to think of coming out at me , but , no , the thing inside , in the deepest center , could be much worse and no amount of running through my mind of the scene of us dropping and rolling the saguaro could convince me that everything inside there had agreed to come out .
something could be coming out of the thing , something could be potentially living inside that old saguaro , for i had seen what was under it when my father turned the thing over and that horror house was not something i wanted to think of coming out at me , but , no , the thing inside , in the deepest center , could be much worse and no amount of running through my mind of the scene of us dropping and rolling the saguaro could convince me that everything inside there had agreed to come out .
i felt like a target wearing that thing .
the whole thing is a phony put up if you ask me .
the first part of our adventure that day ended when the yellow cadillac swooped into the opening of an underground parking lot and a grimy chain barrier , like the portcullis of a medieval castle , came creaking down from some dark greasy slot in the ceiling above and before we could get down the incline and wriggle under it , the ugly thing had banged closed in front of us .
poor old thing she must make a go of the babysitting and get out of floor scrubbing and of course because i used to work there and knew her i tried to hire her right away .
ill press them for you first thing in the morning .
harlens right , the mileage is nt bad on this thing .
it strikes me that i should pick up a tape recorder , try to get more from these stories when i m putting the thing together .
she pictures walt there , up on a ladder or out in the yard , happily fixing thing .
buttoned his in his bluish - gray caped travel coat , in one hand a lamp and in the other a bunch of keys , he opened now in the first , now in the second floor of the parlor rooms and the cabinet doors , took here a golden , chiming pocket watch , there an enamel snuffbox from a hiding place and calculated for the years of his possession and whether the original owners of these things probably died or disappeared , or whether they would once again return with the money in hand to reclaim their pawns .
and your rain maiden is a haunted thing , a pipe dream , a nothing !
the plate was the last thing in the house to be broken that night , if i did nt count johns heart .
sam still had nt brought any of his things over from his moms , but was pleased to have a place to call his own in his dads new house .
they only want to make her look bad , the poor little thing poor ?
he put on a lovely forest , bright sunny days , and they re only in the garden of good stuff a week and they invent fire and burn the whole damn thing down .
i was about two and a half and went into his bedroom and found this thing and removed it .
finally linda my sister , found the darned thing in the cats box with the cat lying on it contentedly .
i can remember when i was really young having a fantastic ride in the thing and thinking it was like a railway carriage - all spit and polish and leather - you get the picture .
perhaps i had something to do with that ; - lucky paused and laughed to himself - anyway , this car belonged to a generation of automobiles which did nt have locking petrol caps and i can remember seeing this shiny thing on the side of it and i unscrewed it .
i must have screwed the thing back on because it was in place later when the shit hit the fan .
it crossed my mind when we were up at the poets grave that i should have brought the thing with me but i did nt think of it in the rush of leaving .
she looked at the shiny black thing on the wall .
he said crc would fix the problem but she yelled , and where the fuck do we find such a thing in this godforsaken dump at this time of night ?
she was surrounded by what she called a mountain of stuff and when she saw pollys valise she said it was quite wrong to exchange it for her much travelled thing .
min told them how robert and dinah had taken her there soon after she had arrived and it was the nearest thing to eden .
he made his visit the first thing in the morning .
besides , the poor thing had a trying journey .
space diamond , once i said it it was sailing through the ether like a prayer without true fervor or inspiration to make it home so dance then , if we must die fling me across your shoulder though heavier than doldrums pretend that i am light and when the night is over my white garden lover let 's return to the river let 's paint it black as blood ' dear jesus , ' he 's not absent unless we keep on trying to make a dead man 's ceremony tick in time with ours sweet mistress , once i touched you it was like witnessing a murder of every false ambition , guile that stood between us and home learning to fly ( love american - style ) if you re tired and you re lonely lonelier than sin who can not find a soul tonight willing to dance with him and your whipping boy is all whipped out still he 's whipping back with force remember my son though things are bad they might still get worse so hitch your carriage to a star hitch your star unto a girl find an automobile that looks like you feel and travel the whole damned world which for the moment is a single blade of grass because america is exhausted and this thing does n't run on gas but on dreams and dreams like other machines built from piss and puss and sweat and as they say , ' if you 're breathing boy , you are not dead yet ' but on your way to gallows ' songs or weak , marginal dissent it 's a day in the life of a disney dog or a panda 's cold footprint no , forget that tone of dark despair there 's a world beyond yourself now break the blinds on your closet time rise up on roller - coaster stilts yes , see the world and god behind beautiful , terrible , true when all your mistakes are behind you there are only new things to do and though she turns and laughs out loud ' fucking symphony of fools ! '
another closed white door because that sorry line 's been used a million times still i pass her on the street , and she smiles at me with a kindness in her eyes that never tells a lie but tonight in a neon club , or another smoky pub the world drinks down its sorrow to forget about tomorrow then we , laughing in the sun naked for no one i feel we have begun like a dream to break away at least my little darling that 's what i pray now that i ' ve become a man , i do all that i can i do all that i want , according to his love still you see me on the stage , ticking off with rage playing these little games , in the name of fate for i fall standing alone , or when i cast a stone trying to be a star , girl tell me who you are because you come to me in visions , shaking off red ribbons all these things that you possess , thinking that you 're blessed then we , laughing in the sun naked for no one i feel we have begun like a dream to break away at least my little darling that 's what i pray if you do nt have a home oil - well harry has so much money its scary landslide charlie as his name suggests is just doing his best but whether you ve got a million or barely one working bone man , you ai nt got a thing if you do nt have a home of course all homes are nt houses or is it , all houses are nt homes ?
and many a family member hates the month of december and wants to be left alone i d give away this damn mansion , the rich man says with passion for one loving home so i set sail way , way , way back when i thought i was a man i was just a child then and i ve seen the whole world gathered enough experience to know man , you ai nt got a damn thing if you do nt have a home spent enough time out in the cold to know you are lost in this world without a home age of aquarius children , in the sun wondering how fast they can run and how far , how far ?
its been nearly six nights since their mother has died there s not a soul in the world i can ask but the kids still love candy , despite the horror some things will always taste sweet so we skip like a family , and eat enough for an army door to door down saint valentines street and is it so wrong to make peace with your soul and the world by wearing a mask ?
ashtray , i finished , looking at the spooky thing .
you could line that thing with jesus shroud and she still would not sit on it .
i hate to just leave the poor thing there , said jillian , but greg hurried her into their own car and drove off with a wave .
she s hoping its just the newness of the thing , on which she spent a lot of money .
the thing must be right under the damn tent !
a fearless little thing , he thought .
he should get up and resolve the issue once and for all , carry the damn thing 50 yards away .
he s sitting up in the bed , wearing the hospital gown and the plastic bracelet , with various tubes plugged into little green things on his wrists or going under the blankets that cover his legs .
i do nt really want the damn thing , but what if garrett wakes up and sees i did nt even bother to take it ?
the paintings an ugly - ass thing , but i have to smile a little bit because garrett got me to take it , and now here it is , traveling with me out into the darkness by the ocean .
he managed to strip off all his wet clothes and pull the only dry thing he had left , the hooded sweatshirt , over his head , and finally to crawl , sick and shivering , into the sleeping bag .
but see , you could put a vase on the top with some flowers , and then some things on the lower shelf .
it was a world - weary thing with a rounded and sagging grill , missing a fender or two and wearing a coat of the dandruff found on the shoulders of freeways no longer young , as opposed to the more macho stuff airbrushed onto shiny new pickups and their nouveau gaucho drivers in tv commercials .
i like to see all the new things they have out there , and after all a responsible shopper ca nt just buy the first brand of canned peas that happens to be at eye level on the shelf .
i , on the other hand , went with a mish - mash of design options and color requirements and left the rest up to the imagination of the cake lady with no definitive idea what this thing would actually look like .
i ca nt believe people actually pay fifty cents for this thing .
you ca nt carry that thing up in the tree with us .
yeah go ahead and stroke that thing all you want .
i do nt want there to be an accident and have that thing go off in the back seat .
i do nt expect shell die overnight so reschedule her for first thing in the morning , please .
there are only two books which i admit changed my life , the first is the bible and the second is this worn - out old thing .
after she turned thirty , she barely left her home , living off of what savings she still had from selling her fathers things , all of which were now gone , having sold one thing and then another until there was no longer any of her fathers things left .
after she turned thirty , she barely left her home , living off of what savings she still had from selling her fathers things , all of which were now gone , having sold one thing and then another until there was no longer any of her fathers things left .
phillips was wearing the same thing lorcan wore : snap - brimmed fedora ; double - breasted suit ; tie that matched and shirt that was white the uniform of the fbi agent , who seldom went undercover and was always somehow set apart by obviously wearing what a man would wear .
i want this thing airtight .
will pointed a chrome thing at us and fired it .
` ` it 's just a thing !
i ' m writing in this wretched thing when i should be doing anything else .
i just could n't throw the thing down there , even though i wanted to so badly .
then when i finally did meet with him even though i had n't finished , he surprised me by saying he was pleased i was still writing in this silly thing since a lot of his patients either throw their journals down the sewer or put catsup on them and microwave them .
where are you going with that thing ?
mrs . meyrick wanted to lead her to a seat , but hanging back gently , the poor weary thing spoke as if needing to give a further account of herself .
he had taken the pains to buy one with a hook and white handle , and produced it on demand , saying , is that the sort of thing you want , jacob ?
what is that hideous thing you have got on your wrist ?
i suppose there is some understanding between you and deronda about that thing you have on your wrist .
you put that thing on your wrist , and hid it from me till you wanted him to see it .
and we all know what he has made her a child - bearing , tender - hearted thing is the woman of our people .
mrs . meyrick said poor thing !
only in beholding the quiet dark landscape i d come to know so well over the years , did i know i was ready to face the pool my neck the only thing able to turn as my body had grown stiff with exhaustion .
wells always wore the same thing : a lumberjack shirt with buttons undone , a white vest underneath , a pair of black , skintight jeans and doc martin boots .
then wells started to sing : oh you silly thing ... of course !
it was silly thing by the sex pistols !
theo did n't recognise the melody , but it was the type of thing that a heavy metal band like black sabbath or judas priest might play .
the bottle was old and dusty , the sort of thing that his dad might break out at christmas .
this provided a kind of cradle for the guitar to rest in without the tuning forks touching anything and running the risk of becoming de - tuned ( theo did not yet know how to tune the thing ) .
thinking about it now , maybe he should have just arrived before everyone else and played him the damned thing there and then , but it was too late for that now .
he managed to get the canvas in place easily enough , but once there , a sudden gust of wind came up from behind it and practically lifted the whole thing into the air .
he put the spoon in the bowl and threw the whole thing into the kitchen trash .
stephen and john began to steal things from the gardens of the houses in the town and destroy them in the woods that blanketed the border of their town .
the thing , the chest , was five hundred years old , from italy .
strands of his dna , if you could picture such a thing , were gold - plated .
i would nt be surprised if she never even saw the damn thing .
look at that goofy thing .
you see this poor wee thing was injured in the storm .
he was so emphatic , in fact , for a while there i think we were all planning a trip to the post office first thing in the morning .
on finding it the old man held the thing out for him to come take .
inside he cried out , well , why not just hit the thing !
his pant leg was given one final hike as if this was the thing missing from his earlier preparations .
he felt it would be easy enough to give the thing a spot - kick or roll it over with the bottom of his hiking boot .
he hoped to knock it in on one and be done with the thing .
nicolas hoped to be done with the thing and finally .
its the cool new thing .
in planning this thing , no one ever dreamed there would be such a thing as automobiles , never mind 18 - wheelers whizzing down an interstate highway system with 40 foot containers of cargo , leaving the monumental achievement of the canal to the tourists and .
what really upset her now was that the one thing she had counted on marius for would be taken away from her before she could get to use it .
i slapped the damned thing silent and scrambled to the bathroom , arriving barely in time to pee like a russian race horse .
the thing is enormous , longer and wider than an ordinary bed .
` ` you can tell this thing came from a six - foot - three drag queen , '' wayne said as we assembled the bed .
last thing in the world i would expect him to wear . ''
` ` do nt you ever clean this thing ?
he finds a few pairs of pants that are too short for him , shirts that his arms have outgrown , and some shorts that might fit but are not very attractive , the type of thing the tasteless trips would wear .
he s always saying hell teach me how to drive this thing .
' like that thing , i wo n't have that in my pub , ' said the landlord , pointing to a sketch of stephenson 's ' rocket ' , the finished article to be in relief , executed in copper and mounted over the bar .
their charm had been a thing which shone from within , rather than a thing which was applied each morning , layer upon layer until what could be seen was nothing more than a mask .
his theory was that our luck could not get any worse , and a couple hundred black cats might just jam things up and rewire our circuits .
i have to face the fact that i ve gotten us into a real mess down here and i do nt see a darn thing that would help us get outta this , no matter what i try , no matter which way i turn .
very weird to have put a thing as large as that on his face .
of course i thought she had fallen or something , had a stroke or a heart attack and i feared crossing the street , to think of what i might find out , and i never imagined that she would come out of the patrol car like that , just a teeny little thing in the squad car .
that war is a waste of men and materials and we are nt going to get a gall darn thing out of the whole rigmarole .
he had no visible face in that black woolen thing , a fact which terrified me .
its the latest thing and you re gon na wear it , by cracky .
this thing i carry inside .
the only thing built strong enough to remain standing .
physical descriptions of the person in question and a list of character traits -- hobbies , professions , haunts , that kind of thing .
and beneath the picture are words that you can not quite make out due to the small print -- probably a phone number one should contact if they have seen the person , that type of thing .
von manstein had to admit that in this special case , however , it might be just the thing needed .
even if she had worn one thing or carried the singular rose , he would express nothing , nothing disclosing , not even mild curiosity .
a face which just could nt make up its mind what it wanted to keep : a nose , not a slope but a thing slipping - ` ` towards your ears , '' he almost whimpers as he flaps his ears .
melody and the pier to forever contents part i : the proof prologue i seeing things twenty - two years maggie singleton dinner on the pier mysteries part ii : the young master twin angels a new , forgotten life painting with sound adele d. hoffman beer coaster fiddling with eternity a different reality part iii : aecxis prologue iii exponential growth suspicion of danger red and black the prayer of ammalinaeus emptying into the sea recognition infinitely larger than infinitely large part iv : transcendental reality suspension of belief ye scurvy dog the river to the sankyan between two monoliths the eleysian teardrop we are one part v : the legend of the red talon prologue v the last king of vanerrincourt the procession of roses the temple kentein intersectum eleysius and his mighty talisman three more charges and a bedtime story stars the lizard and the snake rendan mortalis faster than fear parade at kings perch the keeper and the storm origin satelemark riparius the wheel and the call the day of fire and ice the tangent part vi : apparent reality home tachyon the kathlin rory carrick castle jim snelly sea angels a warm touch the serig of remembrances and sacrifices epilogue i map appendix glossary begin transmission for me , there is only the traveling on paths that have heart , on any path that may have heart .
why build this thing in the first place ?
maggie had called and assured elizabeth that yaeko could expect melody at school first thing in the morning .
a wooden pier that can be two places at once sandwiched in - betweenthis thing ?
instead you teach her how to use some some some thing from this world the aecxis the aecxis , or who - sis , or what - sis , whatever in order to hurt others no , maggie do nt interrupt me .
what is that pinkish - squarish thing out in the brush to the left of the pier ?
tell me what that thing is .
this horrible thing was just on a saeire insu destroyer !
the silver thing was a mathematical compass .
things that would die and rot and molder without me , but i cried , let there be light !
he made ten shillings a skirt which she sold for a hundred to seekers after the real thing .
damn thing itched .
no one did a thing .
if you see him please tell him that i consider myself lucky to have lost my pick up and to have kept my thing .
why s it got that big thing on the back ?
he d just gotten the thing loaded when a mean - looking 60s car with a deep purple paint job roared into the parking lot .
hell , i bet they did nt even have to crush that thing when they got it to the wrecking yard .
it was nt my favorite thing , either , but at least it was hot and they gave you free refills .
how awesome would it be to drive this thing around town ?
it was all we could do to get the thing moving .
there s this little thing on the dash called a gas gauge , i told race as i sprinted up the steps .
i d be glad when that damned thing was fixed so i could stop living in solitary confinement .
good , maybe i d hotwire the damn thing and take it for a joy ride .
this thing looks like its been through a war , i said as i handed it to him .
he told us he d be back first thing in the morning and gave both of us a hug .
you know , dude , i said , those green and red things that come on your side of the pizza .
when you cut the wheel the way you think the damn thing oughta go , it goes the other way .
we might as well haul this thing to the dump and tip it up on its side .
hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul .
she buckled him in , worried that the seat belt would n't help him if the whole thing flew off of the center axis .
i need the same thing for the spirit ranch .
yes , i know you come from there - you poor thing - but a girls got to have an opinion !
he compared the holograph with the real thing , and then slid the card through a reading device he carried in his hand which flashed up the digits 79 19/9d : a sum of money considerably greater than i d anticipated .
its quite the biggest thing i ve ever seen !
there are traces of blood in the kitchen , and knives and things thrown all over the place .
the first thing he pulled off the truck was a machine gun .
you 're a thing . ''
` ` wicked thing , '' he mumbled , but his voice was shaking and he could n't stop his hand from trembling .
and that old thing ... it was coming apart at the seams .
he felt it would have been perfect chiefly because a ) he had never seen more than one or two customers in the place and b ) the salt and pepper shakers he had frequently noticed on the tables as he passed by , squat utilitarian things with chrome tops , would serve perfectly as markers on the map he was going to draw of his plan .
the plant itself was set far back from the road , caged behind miles of hurricane fence , a squat throbbing building buried in snow , with a huge smokestack jutting above the trees in the distance ) and suddenly out of nowhere , it occurred to this guy just how easy it might be to short circuit the whole thing , blow it out .
she wrapped her wet things in hunters towel and shoved them to the bottom of her basket then hid everything under a layer of elderberry leaves .
he tossed the nasty thing onto the ground and snuffed it out with the toe of his canvas shoe .
the ratty old sofa they d brought from home was the nicest thing in the room .
did you know this when you dug up that ... thing ?
he said , so , do you want to test this thing or not ?
there s no way that thing should have gone that high .
chocolate raspberry crepes had to be the most delicious thing channie had ever tasted in her entire life .
if even the tiniest bit of chastitys magic gets into your shield it will contaminate the whole thing .
shed known it was evil before she ever touched the damn thing .
i m going to put this thing back where it belongs .
are you going to put that thing on , or just hold it all day ?
do nt go shooting that thing unless i tell you to .
hunter was holding the book of the dead ... and the damned thing was glowing .
we can lay it over the fish , then turn the whole thing , grills and all .
the indians had never seen such a thing .
i ' ve done a lot of work on this thing ?
it was a boxlike thing with the words buy firestone tires emblazoned across its hump .
halverton had one of the few cars without an electric starter , and while he was cranking the thing up , vehicles began to pass him on their way into the woods .
yankees , among other things , put ketchup on their hot dogs and beans in their chili .
the only thing we could salvage was this . ''
anyway , i found my locker , and i ' m getting my things , when i hear one of the clean - up crew mention to mrs . morgan that everyone will need to leave soon because the fumes from the solvent they 're going to use to remove the blood stains were pretty strong but that they would set up some big fans and open the plastic tarps that were covering where the doors used to be , and the place would air out in a few hours . ''
lauren was sitting at the same place where freda glass had asked her to watch over things .
just a short little thing .
for the first time i really tried on that thing .
her hand was cold and the wettest thing this side of a fish .
flip the pages on that thing , eugene .
how i feel about that thing you keep in your pants , that thing you carry around with you all the time ?
how i feel about that thing you keep in your pants , that thing you carry around with you all the time ?
i ' m going to sue that thing off you . ''
he 's pointing at the only thing in the room , an old pogo stick standing in the corner , but he has backed up against me and put his hand on my crotch .
` ` i 'd like to make some use of that thing , '' he says .
must be ten candles burning in a thing that looks like silver deer antlers sitting on a coffee table beside a big fluffy teddy bear .
this thing really scoots .
the thing is heavy and pulls my coat down on the right side .
no wonder this thing 's not fixed .
every time i flush the toilet , i watch the old brown thing and say , that 's my life and there it goes .
i do n't want the devil to catch me with this thing .
and the former deputy rode off on that ugly dunn colored thing he called a horse .
but then this is the only thing for near two hundred mile , he added silently .
would nt do a bit of good , he considered , if the daggumed thing miss - fired or blew up on him .
the thing was worn so badly he had trimmed the frayed edge with his knife and another tear now appeared .
the homestead outside medicine bow was a bare and wind blown thing .
clearly , in the cold freezing weather , he had not wiped the grease off the action and even after firing it into the bunker the thing froze solid .
he turned to the wall and looked over the isinglass overlay and saw the thing was about worn out with the marks made in chalk .
the roof was a ramshackle thing with split wood shingles which looked cracked and crinkled .
in really bad weather the thing , angus figured , had to leak .
go on , you get the thing going , ray .
again rays hand on the dial , bump , bump , bump around the glittery clock face thing with its overlarge numbers 1 to 10 .
the human heart is a frail and unreliable thing .
he slid half the thing in his mouth , and bit down hard .
sort of a tudor - style slash victorian thing , has this steep gabled roof .
he gave it to me a few years ago , but it was the only thing i could find that was small enough to fit in my pocket .
why do nt you put that thing in the back of my truck ?
brad knew a sure thing when he first saw it .
its never working blasted thing belongs in the trash heap iliff watched a large troll crawl from under the machine .
but a moment later troll appeared beneath the thing , for it was borne upon his back .
uh , sir where are you going with that thing ?
beaded belts and bad tattoos and long mustaches and high - white socks with white gray tennis shoes and keds and pleated shorts with polyester hats , faces with liver spots , faces with bruises , pants across wide bodies with the elastic stretched , bare feet and hair picks , shirts that said dixie girls and shirts that said avirex , the people the items would become one and the same , they would return to their cars with their newly purchased used items , only to sell it in three months and buy the same thing 6 months later .
she s a lovely thing , is nt she ?
my continued conversation with insomnia ( and tv , a slight return ) 3:45 , ungodly hour , time of ghosts and heartquakes ... christ ... not again , damn insomnia ... beautiful thing , thing of beauty ... breathing sweetly , bangs slightly sweaty ... that soft lower back ... let it go , let it go ... mmph ... trousers , book ... just close this , let the wife sleep , sweet sleep ... read for a while , stop this merry - go - round in my head ... shut up , damn you ... find that trick to re - enter sleep , it is a trick , one minute , wife , bed , office , house , reality of flesh and fleshly pain , then nothing , just a trick , a mental twist , but not mental that 's the trick of it , the opposite of mental , what would that be , not physical , the trick of oblivion , the non - thought ... a zen thing , ach , frivolous mindpath ... the light ach , jesus ! ... damn , hate that ... sleeping and wakefulness lovely but the door between , there 's the hell of it , there 's the pain , study that why do n't they , the trapdoor between the worlds , that split second , when ... mmph , that 's better , not so swimmy now ... read for a while , calm this inner demon ... hmm , message in the bottle , is this what i was reading ... no , never seen this , percy , yes , familiar , but ... wait , here ... the loss of the creature , my bookmark , yes , here ... mmm ... why is it almost impossible to gaze directly at the grand canyon under these circumstances and see it for what it is as one picks up a strange object from one 's back yard and gazes directly at it ? ... hm , got something there ... it is almost impossible because the grand canyon , the thing as it is , has been appropriated by the symbolic complex which has already been formed in the sightseer 's mind .
the thing is no longer the thing ... wait , what ... the thing is no longer the ...
the pecking order is a flimsy and mercurial thing unless you have a birds eye .
merlinthe clock thing .
merlinwhere would we put the damn thing ?
when lily and rose started packing their things to go , i got up ahead of rose , and moved into the aisle .
hey , who knows what language this thing was written in ?
the massive quantities ordered by enlisted men from the bush were testimony to the fact that americans knew a good thing when they saw it even if it was dropped down to them in the middle of a war , in thin paper catalogues nestled inside boxes filled with ammo .
this girl , this young thing , was his bride .
that thing 's solid silver !
you may be the only one around here big enough to swing the damn thing , but it belongs to the team , not you .
you re the one who adds colors and flavors so the speaks can sell it like it was the real thing -- genuine stuff , just like it says on the bottles , only those bottles have been refilled so many times , the labels are wearin off .
that s the only reason they keep the dumb thing goin .
yes sir , only thing that will get wet and still heat your coffee .
do you want to go in from this end and put a rope on that thing so we can pull it out ?
laughing the marine captain said , you can take a shower and put on clean fatigues as soon as we get that thing secured and destroyed , gunny .
just change names on the orders , or some such thing .
you guys expect that thing to give birth or something ?
jump up on that thing and give it a test run , dan .
just do me a favor and tell me what s wrong with this thing .
i do believe this thing has a problem .
ill talk to smitty and ask if you can borrow his tools and ill try to have the shop manual for you first thing tomorrow morning .
when mama - san retired , he married her and then i let him plan his own menu and this pretty thing is what we ended up with .
just sign the damn thing .
that thing flies , huh ?
this thing has nt any air conditioning so we use what airflow we can get in flight .
it took less than an hour for dan to get checked into the battalion administration at least to the point where he could go check - in with alpha company and get assigned a platoon and squad which would also get him a permanent place to lay his head most nights and also set him up to draw a weapon first thing tomorrow morning .
well get the conveyer ready this afternoon and have you place it first thing in the morning rather than struggling to get it done before dark .
i m not sure , but it was the prettiest thing i ve seen in this country .
it took two boys to bring each trunk up the stairs , packed as they were with school uniforms , games things , weekend clothing , books and games plus the odd toy or personal item that at this age was guiltily hidden away at the back of a boys locker .
okay , well , we will get back to school and make sure someone comes first thing in the morning .
think of some medical doses , you know , pills , spoonfuls , that sort of thing .
that damn thing never seemed to give him a moments peace .
dave pulled up his shorts and quickly put an end to such matrimonial talk , i m quitting my job first thing in the morning so i can go back to bailey woods and take over the team .
emily looked down at it -- a small black crawl thing , alive , but wrong .
` ` she 's such a pretty thing . ''
she examined the new thing carefully and deemed it good .
the new thing was n't like that at all .
` ` ever wash that thing ? ''
maybe let you tackle the monster that left that thing over there . ''
since he had no spider silk handy , he reached for the fluffy thing with both hands and used it to blot the blood on his chest .
this thing must be older than me .
yup , he said out loud , i d be really , really grateful if this thing would run .
it did nt take him long to recognize that power was just lying around to be usurped , and things were just lying around waiting to be stolen , at the plant .
then he took his shirt off and pulled out this big damn skinning knife and started dancing around slashing with that thing like a crazy man .
he had to get off this thing .
they were tidying the place up for the next shift , and howard was getting ready to toss the days beer cans into the compacter when he saw a big red thing on the conveyor .
hell , at any given moment in the plant , somebody was drinking or plotting to steal some bullshit thing .
over the years , in fact , sams intellect and fascination with the latest high tech thing have forced me to keep up more than i would have on my own .
the thing felt silly .
the thing itself would not be online , but i could seek out , perhaps , the like minded .
it was impressive to see what a charge such a simple thing could give to the whole place .
you poor thing , mags exclaimed .
it sounded quite painful for her , poor thing .
he 'd call devries first thing in the morning .
i have n't checked every single thing , but i do n't see anything missing .
langdon had said that if we turned up even one thing that he had not found during his work on the case he would give us any and all the information that he had .
so he took the handiest thing to him , her pantyhose , and bobs your uncleshes fuckin dead .
whoever is running this thing can probably pull another stiff or two out of his hat .
i doubted that the thing had ever been fired .
i thought again about checking to see if the damn thing was ticking .
i had guessed that it might , so i had nt turned the thing off .
after i finished , he told me that he and cooper would pick me up at my place on the beach first thing in the morning .
my goal at the time was to sneak these things in , record one of jerrys sessions ( when he kicks us out ) , and then blow the place up .
well , frank said as he patted the case , this is sort of the same thing , only its electronic .
i doubt the thing even works .
according to these specs , this thing requires an awful lot of power .
you got your rosetta thing ready ?
can this pulse thing transmit music ?
cokes its the real thing seemed somehow appropriate to thompson when they bought several minutes of ad time .
i hoped that i could make it through before the thing turned red .
you created this thing , do nt you have a warranty or something on him ?
i do nt like the vibes i get from that other thing , soteri rattled .
what s that flaming thing you make with the sherry and rum ?
when he brings that thing out here i will hook his leg with my cane .
he was in the reading room of the club , itself a part of the royal hotel and the closest thing that southney , the town he lived in , had to a gentlemans club of the old definition .
it was as though , grey thought , looking at the hangings and sculptures , that the chief inspector was only happy with things carved from twisting tree limbs or hewn from the raw earth .
she walked the old passageway with a mixture of awe that such an ancient - looking thing still stood and fear that it could fall down at any minute , the windows crackling in their frames with each passing juggernaut .
an ugly thing , and i should have had it taken out in the restoration .
philip long was not among them though , his job lost along with those of his apprentices , their skills no longer required by the smaller and more hi - tec assembly line , the plant building things for other companies now , no longer under their own name .
a womens basketball team needs that sort of thing ?
art would never use that thing without you nagging him .
pick the thing up , dawkins , but do n't get cute . ''
` ` this thing , '' i pointed at the dyno - jac , ` ` you found in higa 's truck is all i have to tie anyone to the .
its a one - sided feud , that s the thing .
they took a few of the baby things , but when the couple turned their attention to the ceramic angels , myrtle shooed them away .
just take the darned things , said myrtle .
de la pea ran back up the stairs and arrived at the office as the other two were collecting their things .
it must have given you a thrill when he walked toward you that thing in his hand .
were hoping to find bank statements , vehicle registration records , property tax bills - that sort of thing .
right , well i 'll pop over first thing tomorrow morning , mr allen .
the fact that you 're now no longer wearing it suggests a recently - ended engagement ; one which did n't end on the best of terms , judging by the small lacerations you made trying to wrench the thing off .
as far as anyone was concerned , they were caught red - handed , by their own hubristo film the thing , and then show it to someone ?
he will send both the report and the sim - card by overnight courier today , and he asks you to call him to give him the delivery details if you want it first thing in the morning , otherwise he will dispatch it to the station .
this means we should start on the dna first thing in the morning .
i hired briggs to get the car out of there because i panicked when the bloody thing would nt start , only to find that the truck driver was able to see a loose connection on one of the plugs after we got back to his yard .
then price turned up and tried to put the squeeze on hepworth in his new position , claiming my husband had agreed to pay him to get the damn thing , and he was owed the balance of his fee .
she hightailed it out of there before he spotted her , but she was so shocked by what she saw that she told me about it first thing monday morning . ''
i 'd better leave now so i can call her from home first thing in the morning . ''
ray could n't be absolutely sure without checking it out , but the whole thing had all the marks of the guy local reporters referred to as the shitbag .
she took off her shoes and said , perhaps you should turn that thing on me .
what did you coat this thing with ?
do you , by any chance , have a thing or two that belongs to her ?
screaming in pain , he still had the strength to grip my wrist and hold on , preventing me from taking the damn thing out .
oh , you poor sweet thing .
i stiffened as he continued to twirl the thing , his fingers coming dangerously close to touching the poisonous blade .
i d love to , but i start a new job first thing in the morning .
you mean checks , love lettersthat kind of thing ?
that invitation i found in sumners office may be the only thing he kept .
its just a matter of time before the whole thing breaks .
hey , can i use this thing to call rob sumners house ?
you have nt got a thing i can go to the d.a .
it was april , but the wind in chicago meant that it was still chilly , and a sweater seemed just the thing on a crisp spring day .
where had this thing come from anyway ?
well , i am busy today , but i can take a few minutes for a pretty little thing like you .
a pretty little thing like you could get hurt sticking her nose where it does nt belong , he said , taking a step toward me .
we do nt want to hurt a pretty little thing like you , but please be assured that we will if you do nt heed our warning .
` ` i suppose you 'd normally leave first thing in the morning to get there by noon ? ''
look around us : not a thing out of place , glass everywhere and none of it even chipped , cupboards full of carefully organised trinkets which the killer would have had to put back absolutely right if they d been knocked .
jeff wheelwright returned with the tea things to join a group sat in plush leather armchairs and two - seat sofas around a low glass coffee table .
only thing 's really mine . ''
you need two hands to pick the damn thing up when it 's full ! ''
` ` you gon na ' use that thing , or you just stand there making me look stupid ? ''
` ` i do n't like that dip thing , man , '' he told delaney .
kara had to help , i could nt carry a thing and still use my crutches .
i m going to leave first thing in the morning .
for a long time he was in some kind of government service , special forces type of thing .
that is a pretty thing , elaine , her husband said quietly , we must have it sized for you .
elaine asked for my home phone number in case either she or ross came up with any thing else that might be useful .
it was a soup tureen , english bone china , such a pretty thing .
he s a game ole chap , roger added with a grin , not old , really , but never married , and rather a fussy old thing .
we do nt have that thing in our world .
that s why jim never bothers such thing .
i wandered around the room , walking and examining each thing i could find .
they discovered a thing called camera and were very interested in it .
um ... what s that thing ?
you know how to keep me beside you forever but i never have a thing to keep you with me forever .
the thing hit on the wall .
i touched the thing .
put that thing out , katz !
michael walked with the ladies the short distance to their car and assisted them in putting their things into the trunk .
basically , he was proud , patriotic , for god and country , that sort of thing .
what does this thing do ?
he snatched the first thing closest to him .
the others followed suit , each snatching the closest thing off a shelf .
the thing takes shape , watson .
' it seems a singularly useless thing to steal , ' said shyrlock holmes .
that shabby old thing , connie said playfully .
poor little thing could be dead .
i did nt hear it , and you know you have to cock that thing to get of the first shot , do nt you ?
interrupted , ron sneered , if we wanted a fucking thing , we d let you know .
no , but i have nt a thing to wear .
you cooked for a crowd in that old , miniature thing ?
ace selected one , inserted it into a slot , and the whole thing disappeared back into the table .
what the hell is in this thing ?
i want to see what s in this thing .
look at this thing , she said pointing the gory knitting needle at the contents in one of the steel bowls .
ace now knows that whatever is in the envelope concerns him because that stupid , stupid kid told him that nobody wants him to know what s in the damn thing .
i 'd fallen out of the thing one time and broke my arm .
apparently , its that girls - only esp thing again . ''
that was during the height of hippies and flower power , so maybe the whole bell - bottom , fringed - vest , thing scared'em off . ''
no , poor thing .
he tossed her a thing that seemed to be a baby sling for puppies .
why would someone craft such a perfect thing wrong ?
lucky for him , a throw pillow from the couch was the closest thing kelly could grab .
he must have been walking around town with judiths little chest of old mail under his arms until he got here , because as soon as i arrived i saw that corny thing on the top of the chief of polices desk .
with a sudden twist of my hands all resistance ceased and i tossed the thing into the fire .
only thing we had was strong drink .
she popped the whole thing in her mouth .
i can never find the darn thing .
turn this darn thing off , will ya ?
ohh , this blackberry thing keeps going off , bootsie said , holding the electronic device awkwardly in her lap .
what do you think that egg thing is for ?
is it not unlike our bill of rights ; the right to a trial by jury and that type of thing ?
i 'll get on that first thing in the morning .
she said , just for the record , i really , really hated your goth thing .
i pretty much paid for the damned thing .
what 's the most conservative thing you have ?
sam stared at the ugly , lumpy thing .
stoppering the basin , she let the whole thing fill with hot water .
had nt she watched enough episodes of csi to know that you did nt touch a thing at a crime scene ?
there s not a thing in my closet that came from better than jc penney .
her brain raced through the contents of her closet , the supply of jeans , stretch pants and work shirts , with the nicest thing she owned being a black crepe dress shed bought for a funeral three or four years ago .
i have the perfect thing .
yikes , what if something happened to the thing .
a territorial style adobe sat at the top of the rise , a massive thing with a few gables and some stained glass thrown in for good measure .
just had the thing worked on .
she was glad shed brushed her teeth first thing .
sam draped a filmy sheet of plastic over the whole thing and was on her way .
finally , she snagged the wedding planner again but the woman was interrupted three times by phone calls coming into the little headset thing she wore , like some kind of rock star diva .
she carried a caddy of cleaning supplies out and worked over the interior , detailing the dashboard with cotton swabs until the thing looked like it had just arrived from the showroom .
the same thing sam had seen in cantones kitchen , the stuff rupert swore he could nt see .
the whole thing really stinks .
there were book - shaped pans somewhere in here and that would be the perfect thing for the stores needs .
what if the thing were somehow addictive ?
komodo sounds like kimono which makes me thing of geisha , which is probably where i picked up the gecko from .
ricky said the truck was waiting for him first thing this morning .
ill make the call first thing in the morning , pia promised .
i tried , but she works that thing faster than pia does her credit card .
we basically raise money for commercial clients ; mortgages , equipment leases , project financing , business loans and that type of thing .
not enough salads , fresh fish and that type of thing .
dave told mario he would get the papers to him first thing in the morning , assuming zurich agreed to their little wager .
first thing in the morning , cady .
we would do that first thing in the morning .
yes , maam , we have a rooftop bar with karaoke , pool tables , and that kind of thing .
the damn thing had writing on it .
unless you got some dread disease , you can give that thing to me , she said .
i could nt come up with one damn thing other than the comfort and familiarity of habit .
i was probably going to chop off my leg with the damn thing , and the bush looked no worse for my efforts .
can you imagine walking your dog around manhattan with that thing around her neck ?
but , if i were mugged , i d give them the damn thing .
callie walked up to jills whelping box , where the poor thing was panting and whimpering .
bill , turn that thing down .
nope , cute little thing but not too bright .
hell be out first thing tomorrow to check it out again .
if that thing springs open i do nt want you to end up with a broken nose .
principal phelps will be coming back in to interview with his lawyer first thing on monday .
i m sure the insurance company will have somebody out first thing in the morning .
no street - lights , so as a car drives up and the headlights hit this thing lying on the road , it looks exactly like the pavement has split open .
where could she put the thing ?
what plentiful thing did max have ?
in spite of the terror they all felt , agatha knew she had to think of a way to get them out of this thing safely .
chapter 2 thursday morning i called the provosts office first thing the next day .
i think it has staff names , positions , maybe a short biography , organizational chart , floor plansthat sort of thing .
for that matter , the only other thing i knew that came from latrobe was rolling rock beer .
the menu was mostly sandwiches and salads , some being variations of the othersa grilled chicken salad or sandwich , that kind of thing .
damn thing had to weigh fifty pounds .
all the while he s got that puppy training pad covering the rug while he runs that damn rod down the barrel , pulls it out and then peers down the damn thing .
anybody else know about this thing being used ?
tonight he was intent on a purple sock kind of thing that bobby had given him .
i ca nt remember the name of the thing the killer used so he could shoot a pistol bullet in a rifleremember ?
that s the thing horses drink out of , right ?
though it would be quite a job to move this thing .
i think this thing needs some maintenance . ''
` ` my word , this thing is dusty .
this thing must be steel - lined or something .
i think we should apply a little pressure to the lowells , and i ve got just the thing .
put that thing away , old man , said brandon in a cold voice .
to keep people from breaking in and stealing plumbing fixtures , copper piping , that kind of thing .
where s the last number redial on this thing ?
that thing is two hours fast .
it was the coolest thing milhouse had ever seen !
he agreed to open the landfill first thing yesterday morning if the trash could be delivered before he left .
things we know alan bradley and chet green staked out hendersons house .
and by the way , you re supposed to report to the counselors office first thing .
pinky swear you re going to leave this thing alone .
in the course of a few hours , things were falling into place .
` ` this thing might have seen the accident . ''
` ` i 'll call jonas first thing tomorrow . ''
he came back up with a neon lure with some sort of fuzzy thing attached to one end .
same thing they use on tuna fishing nets .
about the only thing i took with me when my tour was up .
it was nt the phone , but it took tobin half a minute of shouting down the thing before he remembered that it was nt working .
but , he d had a search first , and copied some of the stuff i ve got on the alan thing .
i think we 're in good shape and do n't need to change a thing .
we spent the next several hours doing exactly that , and got most everything back into place , with the exception of those things which had been destroyed and had to be thrown away .
what was whole is n't anymore- they cut that thing into about a dozen pieces trying to get it off of you .
i looked around wildly for the stupid thing , but to no avail .
i got just the thing . ''
the excavation crew had dug a humungous hole , far bigger than anything i had anticipated , and then , due to the inclement weather predicted for the weekend , had covered the whole thing in an enormous tarp and roped it off with bright yellow caution tape .
i knew she had inadvertently built the damn thing right over the pool and i could not possibly allow him to dig .
jewelry is the first thing a woman takes off when she s undressing and the last thing she puts on when she dresses .
jewelry is the first thing a woman takes off when she s undressing and the last thing she puts on when she dresses .
the only other thing was a book .
his bed was the sort of thing he would have been ashamed to let a dog sleep on .
he probably made the fucking thing up .
to make me wear this whole thing if he gets found out .
i need this thing hosed down .
sims did not like this thing appearing in a place that he had supposedly secured as first officer on the scene .
i 'll call that cop first thing in the morning . ''
they never expected him to be able to come up with the nut , and basically put the thing on the shelf as soon as he proposed it . ''
i think you need something to bring you back to earth and i ' ve got just the thing . ''
` ` shit , tina , would you turn that thing off , please ? ''
a beer might be just the thing , make us relax , maybe fall asleep for a while . ''
` ` i ' ve never used this thing , it 's brand new .
now that we have a fourth murder that is outside of this particular group of kids , well talk to him first thing in the morning .
she raced to her door only to hear frans scream become muffled and things being knocked over from the apparent struggle that was taking place in the kitchen .
the queen of scots was n't exactly a cosmopolitan wine bar , but it was undoubtedly the nearest thing this side of the forth bridge .
' very good - that 's just the sort of thing we need . '
' yes , you know , with bugs - the kind of thing the security service uses .
said mrs stevenson , sitting up straight and patting her hair all round the edges of her woolly hat , which , christopher surmised , she must have put on first thing this morning , since he did n't remember seeing her without it .
` ` you can get parts for that old thing ? ''
` ` first thing in the morning ? ''
i 'd make sure to get the memo out first thing in the morning .
` ` got ta get this thing fixed , '' he said through a half - opened window i was fairly certain would n't close , either .
i snatched the thing off my door and searched for the circled words .
` ` call the police first thing in the morning , '' she said .
if she 's not back first thing tomorrow morning , we 'll start looking . ''
` ` all of you , '' she said , swinging the thing in a wide arc , ` ` out of my house and back to work ! ''
then , the poor thing , sick with remorse , will shoot herself . ''
there were rumors that there were things to be had that were nt on the shelves at his place , but key west was the unofficial home of rumors .
they dropped the whole damned thing .
the damned thing made me sick .
no one needs to see the damned thing or even know it exists .
when she answered the door she was still in her robe , a burgundy , satiny thing i gave her for christmas .
she was naked , holding that mans thing in her hand .
ugh , it 's awful enough when the families give me articles of clothes or jewelry and i have to wonder if they snatched these things right out of the coffin , or while the poor thing lay dying .
` ` i have seen such a thing once before , ja , utilized by the voodun .
do nt worry , the medical examiners office is nt open by my first thing in the morning .
then get there first thing in the morning to collect your stuff when he opens the apartment up .
not first thing in the morning .
maybe on the tennis court , or after a long day at work , but not first thing in the morning .
your parents would have expected your aunt to be at the house first thing in the morning , right ?
she had to finish the carafe or pot or whatever that thing was and then put it all away again .
like the thing they put on oxen ?
we d need the exact hoop to know for sure , but a circular item that caused intense pressure is the only thing i can see that would make these types of fractures .
you re positive that the hoop thing could do that kind of damage ?
giovanni , get that photo out and find out who the hell made this thing and if they ve made anything else .
the entire thing was made of large pieces of white stone .
the maiden was about the only thing in the room that was out .
they look like that thing one of the ghosts wear in thirteen ghosts .
if it falls forward , the bottom hinge might give , based on the amount of weight in this thing and its own momentum .
it had been a while since i had been shot , snatched and shoved into this thing .
the goal is to get this thing to fall forward .
so help me god , if you shoot me or her with that fucking thing one more time , ill make it the last thing you live to regret .
we are way over the weight limit for this thing , i said .
it was only a thing , after all , an artifact .
you ll see there s a thing of mace on my key ring .
i had the best security installed in her home , but she did nt even turn the damn thing on .
we quickly went back to the car and loaded liz up with the leaf blower , pulled her cincinnati reds hat down low on her head , and added a windbreaker , the only thing i had that looked uniform - ish .
i never saw the fuckin thing .
it took a while , but we got the whole thing miraculously pulled together .
as i gaped at the painting , andrea brubaker ignored it in a studied but off - handed way , to indicate that it was , of course , the real thing .
we d catch a horse , i d make a bridle kind of thing out of my jacket , and she could take off towards one of the farmstead lights we saw in the far distance .
his blue eyes darted from one thing to the next , taking in every detail .
her unfriendly host apparently never read the gun safety guide as he waved the thing through the air like it was a baton .
its the only thing that i could find .
you do realize , every time i put something into this thing , i m gon na have that disgusting image pop into my head , she said , stuffing the wad of bills inside .
she made a mental note to give him a call first thing this morning .
this thing is fully loaded .
i did nt know what to get you , so i gave you the next best thing .
is this thing guaranteed to tell me who my parents are ?
i could ve sworn i d locked that thing before i d laid down for my nap .
thinking shed missed something important in the report , bethany reread the entire thing .
she s been playing with that thing all day .
it was the only thing visible as his face remained hidden in the shadows .
there was something seriously wrong with this thing .
hell , you ve got the same thing under there , too .
dang thing ran through more gas than a cow on a grassy field .
the poor thing was caught square in the middle and not of her own accord .
shed feign business and head out first thing .
you sign on the dotted line or that sweet thing will get an ear - full from me .
the backyard shed had been his first solo project and the thing stood to this day .
tow the dang - blasted thing away .
broken in two , it looked as if someone had hurled the thing there and left it .
` ` ah , i have just the thing , '' lucina said .
stella looked at me like i was kinky and i knew i 'd have to get used to such reactions or be more careful how i worded my request , but she said , ` ` i have just the thing . ''
it was heavy gold , mounted with a polished , oval - shaped opal , tasteful but not overly expensive , the kind of thing a man could buy for himself .
she was a feisty thing but one guy had a hand over her mouth and one of her arms twisted behind her back , while a second guy held her other arm and a third attempted to get a piece of rope around her legs without getting kicked too many times .
the night shift does n't have the resources to put together a raid that size tonight , but i 'll make sure it gets set up to happen first thing in the morning .
the god damnedest thing .
change the oil and keep pumping it full of premium and the thing will get me to the apocalypse and back .
there was one of those flimsy green sterile cloth things , like a tent , over my knees and my mother and the doctor went back to work to finish whatever they were doing to me .
that was one less thing we would have to buy .
` ` this thing is hot as hell and it itches ! ''
there was no way i could smoke this whole thing but what the hell i would give it a shot .
it was a delicate thing made out of mahogany and shined to a dark brilliance .
after all , there was a sheriffs deputy standing beside him , watching the major herself , with her own growing recognition of the general situation , even if she was a little , slender thing that looked as if a strong wind could blow her right over .
a spur of the moment kind of thing .
bubba put the whole thing into a bag , put his mother back to bed , and prepared to spend the night on the living room couch , where like his own couch , his feet stuck off by too damn much .
just the thing for this beat up ex - college professor .
the thing that tipped us off was the tat .
i went to the only thing i knew .
it was never destined to be the sort of thing you might buy on street corners .
write the fucking thing down .
the whole thing looked like a chessboard or dare i say a battle plan .
the poor thing has probably never seen the inside of a washer .
they re coming back first thing tomorrow , aunt tenne said .
we have this thing .
they might use the whole thing .
he was known to answer the door first thing in the morning without adding to his wardrobe .
that way we wo nt have to worry about nausea during the night and ill be by first thing in the morning .
a waitress remembered gavin because he came in several times and ordered the same exact thing , plus he left large tips each time .
i washed and went to unplug the damn thing .
the whole thing was designed to be a stable originally .
do you know how to turn this thing off ?
not a single thing that links my client to the crime scene itself .
its also a mans bedroom ; there is nt a thing in here that has even the vaguest suggestion of a womans touch .
all their enquiries came to the same thing , a dead end .
he leant on the thing for about ten seconds .
before work he d take her out for her walk first thing in the morning in nearby rochester terrace gardens .
when the call came through about the gunfire from the near - hysterical person who d reported it the undercover team was getting ready to make a move and the witness could have blown the whole thing open .
must remember to water that damn thing .
he thought of the spider plant back in the office and told himself if its the last thing he did he d water that damned thing .
now , he muttered , how do you take a picture with this damn thing !
apart from wondering when in blazes you re going to get the heating repaired in this thing ?
they are pretty exclusive , expensive , not the sort of thing everyone would be wearing , love said .
i can drive the thing but i ca nt repair it when it breaks down .
hell , he thought , santa claus himself could be driving the thing and no one would be the wiser .
catch her first thing before she goes out doing her good deeds , love said .
the closest thing to james bond mi6 could offer .
bring it on , love , ill go to sleep in this thing if i have to .
how often do you drive this thing ?
what do they do - run that thing on concorde fuel ?
just do nt expect me to use your pink duvet thing in return , he said , and smiled .
oh , thank you very much , love , just as i d finally got this thing warmed up .
of course , we still could n't find a thing .
now if you are n't gon na hand that thing over , at least holster it , okay ?
` ` i lost nearly an hour 's work and all the it support technician did was switch the damn thing off and switch it back on again .
` ` pick him up first thing in the morning , '' millicent said .
in the mean time the safest thing to use at witchmoor edge police headquarters was nothing at all .
` ` suppose he started feeling some pain as a result of throwing that metal thing at shirley and being knocked down . ''
i think ill talk to murphy myself first thing tomorrow .
lets get some sleep and hit the bricks , or should i say cobblestones , first thing in the morning .
there is a little thing called a tablet and the internet .
a simple runaway is one thing , but the types of people you re talking about are not only dangerous but a bit harder to find .
well start fresh first thing in the morning .
can i take this thing off ?
i was unreasonably irritated and jammed the thing away and went back into the through lounge .
` ` no use nicking this kind of thing unless you ' ve got a buyer lined up .
well , i did feel sorry for her , poor little thing .
i did n't know whether i could breathe without this thing on my face and i could n't move to feed myself or drink anything .
what was that shiny thing he was gripping as he strode towards the girl ?
the only thing i do nt have is underwear for her .
maybe you could go to target and buy jenny some underwear , socks , that sort of thing .
i have to be on the road back to new jersey first thing .
the new thing is almond milk .
it says here that the witness thought one of the men was colored and another was a big stocky mule of a thing .
wo nt this thing go any faster ?
it was his last gift to me , the last thing i had to remember him by .
` ` i 'll start it up again first thing in the morning . ''
anyway , we ' ve dug carefully and we have n't found a thing .
i ca n't look at their computer file , i do n't know the first thing about the damn things .
i could see that it would be useful to have all of one kind of plant growing in one place and we could do with a lot more of some things too .
in the first place you may be a bit psychic - that feeling could turn out to be something important and , even it does n't , if it makes you feel easier to have that thing ready to wear , well okay .
it was not a pretty thing and i did n't see why he needed it , but i made it .
it was an old thing coming loose at the hilt and was n't really worth repairing .
` ` i thought he said he 'd be back first thing this morning . ''
the poor thing just realized she s a nobody with nothing and shell never be as cool as us .
she had to meet with the principal first thing this morning and she did nt want to go in there with fire in her eyes .
not even six men could push this thing open .
he 'd tried to ink the ribbon with a printer cartridge ink refill , as he did n't want to ask around for the real thing , but it had dried out too quick and in the end he 'd bought artists drawing and painting ink which seemed to work if you brushed it on and used it quickly .
` ` i think you study people and you use that thing to help you , '' she said , ` ` helps you play at being them . ''
` ` we did n't find anything , not a single thing , '' he said .
he was surrounded by two laptops , a suitcase full of cables and a big black plastic thing .
what s the strongest thing you ve got ?
i threw it down with a growl as i remembered sticking the stupid thing on its charger the night before .
they did n't really want to go fishing , but they were not totally opposed to going out on a half day fishing boat if that was the only thing available .
bev promised to call him first thing in the morning to fill him in on her call with andrews .
pants and a simple blouse or , better , a sun dress kind of thing .
he paid five dollars for it , and brags about the thing .
i m the one who broke the thing , so ill take care of it , he said softly .
it was this white , cloudy , misty type of thing that kind of looked like a hand .
he pointed to the desk and the thing sitting under the sheet .
louisa was just surprised , the poor thing .
this old thing .
i actually like that thing .
` ` sure was a pretty thing , but mary came marching over just seconds ago and snatched it from me . ''
i do nt see the thing .
charla , sue jans cousins daughter , a petite lil thing with a pink balloon of bubble gum half hiding her face , sat down .
when you goin to bless us all by removing this thing ?
can we go first thing in the morning ?
he then tore the tissue paper very carefully and watched the tobacco spread out for a minute or so , and he had a spy glass which magnified things .
she hated the damn thing and only kept it because there was no phone at the studio .
` ` will he pound it down with that funny vibrating thing ? ''
she says she wants something designed to mark the solstice and equinox points , some kind of mosaic , stone henge - y thing .
that puny little thing will hardly deck the halls , scarlet !
big larry will take a chunk out of you if you ve got that nasty thing on your window .
its the only thing i brought back with me from the holy land .
it was a silly thing , a wooden salad bowl , but it always reminded me of my mother .
he did nt know what had possessed him to take the darned thing .
if he were smart he d remove the battery and throw the thing in the closest dumpster .
shed saved her money the whole two years she was overseas so she could buy the damn thing in cash , and poof , it was gone .
lord , all she ever did was make a mess when she wore the damn thing .
he freaked out and brought the thing to me .
the thing was insulated , for gods sake .
ill be there first thing in the morning , she said .
i had every intention of checking the gps map and every hope that the darn thing would n't tell me i was in the middle of a field or a lake .
look , i ' ve kind of run into a bit of car trouble- ' ' i saw a gray little hatchback thing pulled off to the side of the road a few miles back .
it 's a long way down to the river , and you ca n't exactly swim the thing back to town ; she 's full of rocks , boulders , and the occasional bear going for a fish .
then i had to start driving the thing , and i promptly realized that it was a lot bigger than the small cars i was used to .
' are you going to knock on that thing ? '
it 's a little ... scrapbook thing .
my stomach twisting with uncertainty , i pushed the darn thing into my pocket and walked down the porch steps .
he s trussed up , and ca nt move yelled botzi , obviously this thing is being guided by remote control .
okay , i ve got this thing , i hear branden mumble as he races off .
ill hit lauras house first thing before heading to lukes .
she s a petite thing who will spend the next twenty years being carded .
i thought it was the prettiest thing she wore and now her ring is sitting on the bedside table .
first thing in the morning , ill call the funeral home and see about having someone deal with my dads body when its ready .
something inside me smiles at the thought of such a miniscule thing showing how different we are .
he s wearing a gun and that baton thing and pepper spray .
take the night and come back tomorrow morning first thing .
he is out the door , before i gather the childrens things to place around me hoping to get a quick connection and understanding as to what is happening , knowing that andrew is following a fleeting lead at best .
since i never removed the back of a watch , i decided to think about my favorite thing .
once you learn to navigate the thing properly , then try the ocean .
with one eye , the poor thing lacks depth perception .
poor thing got tangled in fishing line and hooks .
byron clasped his hands around my face , shook his head and said , i got just the thing for you .
stephanie and i have been looking for that thing all morning .
sometimes they just walk out without a word and come back ten minutes later asking how much we can let them have on such and such a thing .
have you charged the battery thing in your mobile ?
in that little thing ?
the last thing that dangled between your legs was a piece of toilet paper .
what do you call that thing ?
you actually named that thing mr . squealer ?
i hope this thing is waterproof , kip said , stuffing the phone in his pants pocket .
but you can neutralize it now with that thing you re holding , right ?
what s that thing for ?
but it looks like you ve got the thing mastered .
bella simply shook her head and stopped on the stairs , you know , bruce , i wish i had a kitchen sink in here now , because that s just about the only thing left you have nt thrown into the mix today .
if we make it back to chicago , were going to forfeit what we ve paid for that thing and find a nice motel somewhere . ''
` ` how accurate is that thing ? ''
` ` it bustedthe point thing came off , '' frannie pointed to the similar one in larrys hand , ` ` so i put that in my pocket . ''
he only wanted to have a quick look at the thing before he signed off on whatever we drew up . ''
i ' m just trying to make my way through the weeds on this thing . ''
i actually grew to like that thing .
if you have enough money you can have things smuggled into the country .
a thin dark wooden waffle looking thing furnished with ivy ran along the compound wall from the ground to the window .
` ` you look scary with that thing on . ''
` ` heck no i wo n't miss that thing . ''
it 's the only thing i remember from taking a class about china in college .
i m here to ask a few questions about your financials , i said rapidly , sales , growth projections , that kind of thing .
unlike sophias mansion , this place did nt have that gaudy , opulent vibe , but it was clear that vanessa had sourced the best things she could find .
it was a slow old thing and there were times when it frustrated me and made me want to throw it on the floor , but now someone else had taken that fantasy away from me .
we do nt want to be under that thing .
then , with the basket of a crab net , tench reached forward over the water and snagged the white thing .
i have seen that damn thing so many times out with the captain .
how can we wreck this thing ?
we got to finish preparing the fucking thing , he said , stamping his foot on the concrete for emphasis .
the thing is loaded with big flexible rubber tanks filled with extra gasoline .
she learning how to fly this thing ?
i figure you clowns will wreck this thing on takeoff , said tench .
god damn thing .
it was the first time that i call someones car filthy , and well , i do nt know why i mentioned that manual thing ; i must have seen one somewhere .
she just stood there , pointing that thing at j.b . like something out of a joan crawford movie .
put that thing away , skin head , the fat woman barked , and you and your boyfriend get out a here before i call the police .
that thing would nt stop a squirrel , much less a man who wanted to hurt you .
i walked down the block and the damned thing fired up immediately .
had michael gurne really poured himself a stiff bourbon first thing on the morning on the day he disappeared ?
you poor thing , lara commiserated with her once more .
wow , this thing is not only deep , its pretty wide also .
i hate to speak ill of the dead , but i think the poor thing kind of lost her marbles .
never misses a darned thing .
no , no , not thing .
of course , she practically lives there herselfshes often working when i go down the hallway to the bathroom last thing at night and still there when i go again first thing in the morning .
i keep a list of important dates , descriptions of locations , and that sort of thing .
that was the only thing i could see that showed any sign that someone had been there .
yeah , well , i was working around the games , claires grab a gift musical thing is a big hit by the way .
we carry stuff and hang things from high places .
marvin had several corporations and two business partners ; i have the names , phone numbers , that sort of thing .
janelle got to marlenes about 6:30 saturday night , dressed like we saw , but with a little black fur cape thing .
the group unloaded crates of the things from their van and moved in to start planting , elbowing their way in and around the wives .
they picked up handfuls , went back to the main congregating area around the main campfire , and started heating things up in saucepans and sharing cold items out .
just the sort of thing a mudlark might find .
what was it you called that thing you knitted me for christmas ?
the only thing on top of the cliff is a real log cabin .
i guess the poor thing got locked inside with that bad ass fugitive , too , laughs .
next to me , he thinks you re the coolest thing on two legs .
pink or red i could see , but this thing was a grayish green .
the only man made thing left to see was the old , battered pier .
i do nt know how to operate this thing , but its all right .
for supper we had baklava from his private store , not the factory article but the real thing , buttery pastry flowing with nuts and honey .
otherwise the poor thing would have gone hungry .
if colette had a gun , and this thing confused her and she tried to shoot at it but shot herself instead ... i dozed off .
ya be a cute little thing , darling .
the things their father left buried on the farm before he went to prison would have easily saved them , but they did nt know about it .
i would need to get the thing towed to the shop , but it would make it back home with no problem .
i rode the atv right past it several times and never saw the thing .
the killer arrived with a large supply of cocaine , just the sort of thing a bored party girl living all alone in rural moreau county needed .
the thing he kept hidden away , protected from the authorities , knowing it would deliver him and his girls from poverty and maybe from evil too .
somebody cast the gold in the shape of some engine part , a bracket i think , and painted it to look like the real thing .
then he painted them to look like the real thing , and shipped it stateside inside regular shipments .
i sweat like a crazy man waiting for my folks to tell me the thing arrived every time i mailed a piece home .
when i got home , my mother had the thing sitting outside decorating her garden .
my first restaurant was just a pushcart kind of thing i towed behind my car .
the thing made for some entertaining reading , although not for the victim .
the guardhouse logbook was a hand - written thing .
if they had that thing computerized it might have alerted somebody when the guard punched in the license plates .
i was still looking up at the thing when a salesman walked up and asked me if i wanted to buy an rv .
it took some time to sort out , because my suspect left the thing under the brian mason name .
i just needed to get the thing to the right people in order to find it .
once my eyes adjusted to the dark , i realized the only thing giving out any light was that crystal .
in addition to the ruined building , the only thing left was the rapidly decaying painted - concrete statue out front .
i bet it will set me back $ 200,000 to get this thing fully restored , but to the right buyer its worth two or three times that .
that thing is the size of a small building , and he still thinks he s going to find a buyer for it , carpenter said shaking his head .
that s why they started building it , but the war scare vanished , and by world war 2 , the thing was obsolete .
the replacement was a very modern looking thing with lots of decks and porches .
the new house was just an ugly , modern thing with no style at all .
over the years sand and rock collected around the thing , then trees started growing on it .
the thing must have hurt because the girl turned toward the spectator section with a look of pleasure and pain on her face .
we both decided to go out into the desert to find the thing marked on the map .
the thing was buried under about a foot of dirt and dust .
i saw one of the three light a fuse and start running toward us with some sort of bag , a satchel charge , and hurl the thing at us with an aggressive underhand toss .
they took out half their own team with that thing , and missed us in the process .
the thing still had a text message on it .
when i got there , i found him squinting into the computer screen cussing the thing out .
i hate this blasted thing , he yelled .
they interviewed everybody in the building at the time of the shooting , but nobody saw a thing and nobody heard the shot .
judging by the number of keypads on the handles and locks , it took three or more codes to open the thing and not set off the alarms .
this thing has more computer controls on it than mission control .
i had a nightmare image of that thing catching fire and sinking .
when he had the thing put back together and loaded it , he took off straight toward the line of police boats surrounding the island .
the thing shot straight through the line of police and coast guard , and all but disappeared on the other side .
with everybody shooting toward the boat , and the thing already on fire with fuel leaking all over the place , it went up like a roman candle .
the thing had almost burned itself out .
seems the poor thing crawled back under an overhang after she hit .
you dial nine on this thing ?
god , you poor thing , street said .
the only thing i could find was a pen .
with a stroke of a forgers pen , someone could become a stand - in for the real thing .
i think i ' m going to turn the whole thing into a wildlife preserve and let the locals use it for a park .
aware that his own personal feelings ought not to come into it , yet determined not to let his sergeant get the better of him entirely , rafferty added , ' let 's just say she was an obliging sort of girl went in for the kind of parlour games that stimulate jaded sexual appetites whips , chains , that sort of thing .
it was a sturdy looking thing , perhaps a survivor from the days when the house had been used as a private school .
do you want the poor thing left standing at the altar ? '
why did nt he turn the goddam thing in when he d found it ?
the day he plugged it in after paying the mutt on the street fifteen bucks for it , goddam thing made one bright flash then stopped working .
pressed the elevator buzzer and danced from one foot to the other while he tried to peer down the shaft to see where the damned thing was .
where did that thing blow in from ?
cmon , goddam thing felt like it weighed a ton .
and it had grown larger , the damned thing was back to the size it had been up in the lab before the injection .
he figured utterson might remember the olds he had boosted because the damned thing had broken down , and a black and white had stopped to help .
tommy said , i would nt fool around with that thing .
it is a pretty thing , said mr . powell , admiring the various patterns of inlaid work .
i ca nt wait to try the kebabs , the naans , and what s that sweet milky thing that looks like a popsicle ?
well , i ve got just the thing to make you feel better .
we flipped this place upside - down and could nt find a thing but clearly we missed something . ''
i spent hours making that thing ! ''
just the only thing back here . ''
cute little thing though .
shorted every damn thing .
its a wonder this thing works , he said .
hurry up , alex teased , i want to drive this thing again .
over a foot long , with a long curved top blade , damn thing could gut a grizzly bear .
is this thing hot ?
the big man told me the judge was letting me go on the condition that i did nt leave the state , and he promised me the paperwork would be down first thing monday morning .
she told mehes a pudgy little thing , and he always dresses like he s about to go on stage at the grand ole opry .
when he lifted the heavy thing into the sleeper cargo hold , i thought he was going to throw out his back .
call this man first thing in the morning .
the angle is the thing .
ill let you know the time and place first thing in the morning .
you get the office supplies , you leave first thing in the morning , be on your way to baltimore .
he even invented this coding wheel thing to send important government messages that the bad guys could nt read .
she did nt know the thing would be so noisy and rattling , like an oversized vw bug .
will you please adjust this stretcher thing so i can sit up and see you properly ?
you should light that thing sometimes .
` ` i 'll go first thing in the morning . ''
she did nt have to worry if she was wearing the right thing or if she laughed at the wrong moment .
quickly , i scanned the menu and chose the first thing i saw .
it was any chocolate lovers dream and i tried my best to pace myself and not shove the whole thing in my mouth .
it was the easiest thing to pick up on the way over .
i never would understand how she carried that heavy thing around .
poor thing , that must have been hard to tolerate .
i raised my eyebrow at her , what else do you have in that thing ?
finally he said , you sure are a pretty young thing .
that thing better not be loaded , blaze said , after heaving himself off the truck and glancing at the shotgun on the floor .
is that thing turned on ?
blasted thing was turned off .
i need to get dressed i threw your clothes in the washing machine , but never fear , i have just the thing and it ll fit perfectly .
the whole thing reminded me of an overused paint rag .
kitty wore some kind of tent thing over her housedress and had nt bothered to take out her pin curls .
we can hang out at my place and you can pick out the things you want to buy before the rummage sale starts .
ill look at it first thing in the morning .
then to walter , put that thing away .
i ' ve only worn the thing two weeks .
after all , i did n't owe her a thing .
a few choice words slipped out as he tried a whipping motion to get the thing untangled .
sally had probably set it there with reasonable care but the whole thing was so unbalanced that it had slid , coming within a quarter inch of falling to the floor .
some decorator had probably charged him a fortune for the thing .
it was a black shadow of a thing , and had it not been for the damage to my finger , i would have believed it to be a toy .
you had the damn thing appraised .
this is the only thing i was able to locate .
that damn thing is annoying .
when she was first brought in her sister supplied her with a few summer and winter things , a coat , perfume , nothing more .
she arranges for her sister - in - law to be the model , i exchange the wonderful replicas for the real thing , and edie retrieves the jewels back in the states .
my first tent was a triangular orange thing that used pegs .
in the night , of course , a thunderstorm blew the whole thing over , so i spent the rest of the night wrapped in a wet tent , breathing through a rip in the nylon .
` ` this thing safe ? ''
` ` used to have a sketchbook where i 'd draw things like the bark of trees and feathers from birds .
it did n't look a hell of a lot safer than this thing . ''
i watched as he got out a few things , some of which i recognized as bones and tobacco .
you could lose on this thing .
then we all got to talking about the places we d canoed , and all the funny stories of canoeing and camping , spills and bears and the things we took and did nt need and the things we d discovered too late that we d forgotten .
then we all got to talking about the places we d canoed , and all the funny stories of canoeing and camping , spills and bears and the things we took and did nt need and the things we d discovered too late that we d forgotten .
the walls had been painted a light hospital green a long time ago , as well as a lot of other things , probably more to use up the paint than to colour - coordinate the place .
now there s one thing you think you can do without .
take a picture of me and ill shove that thing down your throat , nancy said .
i d rested against a lot of them when i was younger ; now ill go without a lot of things on a trip to have a lawn chair along .
i think somebody shoved a sharp thing , maybe a long needle , down into his heart while he was sleeping .
that he d buy any of that sort of thing anybody had to sell .
do you think this thing is loaded ?
the whole thing was maybe a meter square , and half that deep .
first thing we ever found that we went after , i said .
phil showed no interest in going to see the thing , and i did nt push him .
i ve been working here eight years and i can count the number of times i ve seen it in the lot after six p.m. he s in there , working the phones , trying to find the widow of someone on that flight so he can head into court first thing in the morning and file with a named class representative .
with a named representative onboard , mickey would have slapped together a complaint to get on file first thing in the morning .
i m looking for whatever documentation you have regarding mr . calvarusos job duties , benefits and salary , any performance reviews , an employment agreement , that sort of thing .
sasha snatched a folder off the top of the thing and pressed the speaker button .
it was a curved , wicked - looking thing .
then slammed it again because the freakin thing never did close right .
damn , he looked good on that thing .
ever ready , he flicked a switch and the hardest working thing in the office kicked into gear .
i d left my purse behind , since it would never pass muster here , but i figured the gucci - inspired wallet might be mistaken for the real thing . )
things were falling into and out of place in my mind .
sure thing , dix .
great plan , until i lost my footing and fell into the damned thing .
no , he probably just grabbed the first things he saw , which in the dimness of my unlit bedroom , would be the glow - in - the - dark green nestled there among ... oh , shit , among my granny panty collection !
that would be all i needed to be caught in the middle of a meeting here or some damned thing .
the exact thing .
rochelle and judge stephanopoulos remained in the doorway , watching intently from the periphery , but not missing a thing .
she refused to let me drive the thing until i stopped calling it a beemer , which apparently is reserved for bmw motorcycles .
my mother , with her customary elegance , has turned the whole thing into an upscale , very exclusive event venue .
my immaculate volvo the only thing i had gotten in settlement after my short - lived marriage to bradley ferguson , aside from the chunk of change that was currently evaporating out of my savings account with every month that went by was as out of place here as a prize brood mare among mules .
the only interesting thing was a romance novel of the bodice ripper variety , which gave me a guilty feeling clarice and i had had something in common after all , even if it was just a shared passion for barbara botticellis rogue heroes !
when we got over to cory we saw that he had taken two aluminum trash cans and had turned them upside down on their heads , a wooden two - by - four lay on top making the whole thing look like the worlds worst sawhorse .
when he saw me standing there , staring at him , staring at his thing , he just lost it .
scope out under the bed , in the closets , that sort of thing .
a spot of sherry is just the thing , do n't you agree ? ''
i wonder , does he ... does he do ... things ... while he watches my place ? ''
there is something about growing things in the middle of a busy city , like these few shrubs and plants , that affect us .
` ` i shall speak to mr . sutton - sponge about it first thing in the morning .
he thought he saw the same thing this time .
she was a lonely , pathetic thing .
` ` maybe we can say that this thing was definitely intended for you . ''
` ` when they tore this thing down , everyone was shaking their heads .
` ` excuse me , seth said , after a couple of minutes , ` ` how do you turn this thing around ?
instead , she just sliced up the thing and made todd go around and hand everyone a plate .
` ` oh damn , brian said , and looking around , picked up a piece of old rebar and brought the thing down as hard as he could on the gun , knocking it out of fulsom 's hand .
i had barely noticed the damned thing .
the prince regent has no doubt hired him ; you know what a mania the prince has for art , especially when he 's told the thing in question is impossible to acquire .
i 'd always wondered where he 'd stumbled upon the thing , which looked valuable beyond compare .
poor thing had lain there nigh on two months .
` ` you could obtain such a thing for yourself .
the one with the hip thing and the curly hair that looks permed but is natural ? ''
charlene dropped them into the envelope with the papers and passed the whole thing off to me .
` ` he was wearing a thing , like a bar that kept his ankles apart , like from pulp fiction or something -- and he had a ball gag in his mouth . ''
you really could n't see a thing , and the floor was covered in spinning disks that you could easily break an ankle on , and there were creepy things hanging from the ceiling .
help me get this thing on first . ''
faultner is pushing too hard on this thing .
there had to be some kind of trick to the thing .
did he really not know how to open the thing ?
` ` i can think of a million reasons a person might want to get into gracie mansion , but who could build this kind of thing without it being noticed ? ''
he looked over his cigar at me , puffing hard , getting the thing burning .
i found a small round thing with a button on it .
i ' ve got to lay off whatever is in that clicky thing . ''
accidentally or on purpose i 'll never know , but what i do know is that i ' m not letting you march into this thing dulled on painkillers . ''
` ` i ' ve actually been working on this thing for a while .
he put his weight against it , and the thing tipped over revealing another hole .
mulberry waited patiently for me to put the thing in my pocket , to accept that it was my only way out ; i was no longer joy humbolt .
the only thing left in there was a rain coat .
she s holding the thing down instead .
maybe an accident , or maybe the kid knew a thing or two .
act ii the first notable thing todd saw on the campus of the university of nebraska at omaha was the obligatory phallic obelisk .
matte - finished knives do nt glint , but hafidha swore the thing winked wickedly as cauldwell reared back , kneeling on his stumps , broke reyes grip on his wrist .
vintage ladies ' suit jacket , blue raw silk with covered buttons and asymmetrical lapels -- best thing in her closet .
i was nt about to approach that thing as close as i did sir gary .
ill have him get some men out here first thing in the mornin .
jack replied , closest thing open this time of night ' round here is a gas station on the freeway .
i saw the damn thing , damn it !
what about this head thing ?
i could nt think of a damned thing else to say .
you re telling me , he growled , that that ... thing in the laundry room was a ghost .
you told me to let you know iffen this thing did nt keep the haints away .
open this damn thing !
wh who s going to handle the damn thing ?
yeah , like we worried about who d handle it once we found the darn thing !
they re just the thing to read and relax after a long night in here .
sir gary wiggled his finger again , and things moved around in the trunk .
i twist the top off and gulped the damn thing down .
i thought he was going to fry me with that thing .
even a gentle touch on the thing would have you bleeding long before pain could register .
i ripped it open and gulped the whole damn thing down .
she nodded and closed the two doors , bolting it and activating the five hundred thousand voltage of electricity that was wired to go off if i decided to go ballistic on the thing .
i see that you brought your blood machine thing .
i shut it off and broke that damn thing in half and tossed it aside .
would she then have set about replacing a spot when she could have ordered someone else to do it first thing in the morning ?
` ` big round metal thing .
suddenly the earlier revelation surfaced about the ` ` big round metal thing '' in elizabeth 's ruined skull .
` ` you like this thing , doc ? ''
they made some kind of cannon thing that shoots potatoes .
i ca n't figure out how to maneuver with this thing and carry hot liquids . ''
` ` but i ' m sure you 're going to find that condition thing . ''
she would call him first thing monday .
` ` then i 'd better do it first thing monday morning .
she was only here to prevent her son from sticking his head in front of the blasted thing once it was complete .
` ` does this thing go off as soon as it 's plugged in ? ''
` ` guy wants to hold up a gas station , comes in with this thing and has to ask the clerk to plug it in ? ''
she told herself she was looking for things of artistic importance , though in reality she was looking for more about the incident reported in the clipping now resting on her coffee table .
how do you work this thing ?
hey , this thing looks like its been keyed .
you pretty good with that thing ?
what toy are you missing on that thing ?
so what have you got on the tim thing ?
he went back in the shop and disassembled the sphagmo thing and took a few drops out to the car .
ethan was nt there to track me down at my locker first thing in the morning or waiting outside my first period class .
i d have to show you for you to really get it , but to make it simple , they combine a lot of modern things like a computer , for example with brass and wood and make it art .
at this point , i felt like i had the thing memorized .
chloe grinned , well , you might get the real thing in about a month .
weird thing , said nourse , sipping at his steaming cup and smacking his lips .
and they re even better than the real thing perfect gems no inclusions or color deficiencies .
monroe suddenly threw a drinking glass at her the only thing available to him .
if we give this thing to the cartels , the afghanis are sure to get it eventually .
its the perfect thing for sitting on an australian 747 for eighteen hours .
the only thing that did nt look right was the back door .
oh , that real thing , nick said .
that sweet little thing was probably boffing her hubby , and lauren got rid of her .
and i truly hope the crime scene techs dusted the thing for prints before you brought it to me .
even if esme was drugged and complacent , the person had to have the strength to lift that thing and swing it hard .
the only thing found was a shoe he d had packed in his suitcase .
its the only thing left from my glory days .
i m going to figure out a way to get them into the station first thing in the morning .
when the damn thing screamed at me for the third time that morning , i rolled over to press reset .
regretfully hilda took the thing to bits and stuffed all the pieces into a black bag , together with the odd remainders of food that she had purloined .
call kate first thing in the morning , manda .
gem drove up to an area not too far from the carriage house and off loaded several good size boxes and rolls of high grade insulation from the bed of his truck he then moved his truck some distance away , hid it as much as possible behind several trees and walked back to the things he d unloaded .
i reached out and grabbed the lower edge , but the weight of the door caused the whole thing to break off and crash onto the road .
i walked over to barn a , knowing i 'd find the same thing .
christ , i had walked into the damn thing .
he had the wipers on high , even though the downpour had slackened to a drizzle , and there must not have been a shock absorber on the damn thing .
the only thing he lacked was tape on his glasses , and for all i knew , he could have lowered himself to that by now .
piles of magazines and a coffee mug scattered across the polished wood , and the whole thing tipped over .
the damn thing must have been washed about a million times .
` ` when we searched their farm , we found some interesting things .
what a pale thing she was , he recalled .
casually glancing at it , you would take no notice of the thing .
you can try and substitute something else for it , but sooner or later you gon na need the real thing , he taunted me .
this thing is old .
how far away can this little thing pick up another persons voice ?
it was tucked away off this little cobblestone walkway and there were big pots of geraniums and things all over the place .
rather like that super - collider thing you yanks were putting together , i think .
ill drop the thing off at your folks place .
she had always just assumed it was a european thing , the design meant nothing to her .
i need to shut this thing off !
i could care less what s on that thing .
try and track peter down through hotel records , that sort of thing .
i ve got something on that thing .
i examined the bedroom thoroughly but did nt find a thing , no hidden cameras or recorders .
if she made the cell transfers first thing in the morning she could analyse the two- and four - hour samples , and would have an hour and a half clear until the six - hour samples were due .
` ` see that you take on the driving then , '' admonished the professor , ` ` as i recall young jeremy is not the safest thing on wheels .
and why in the hell , am i wearing this stupid thing .
the red wood was her first clue , but back then , they did n't have a need for such a thing .
its the closest thing shed ever seen to tara .
they d already gone through every place that could ve held the silly thing .
stopping at the large round table , that was the only thing in the old dining room , except the nine - foot china hutch .
if it had been left to her , she would ve remained behind before getting in that flying thing .
` ` this thing only holds six people why in the hell did you send down that rope . ''
racing into the middle of the street , she got her first good view , of the strangest thing shed ever seen .
` ` if you 'd started that thing before it caught fire , it would ve gone up like a bomb . ''
` ` if you did n't want me damaging the damn thing , you should ve given me my keys weeks ago . ''
that trilby thing must have been glued to his head for nine months .
you know , the things you stand on and you have this white thing in your hand , with a strap round your wrist , and you wave it like this to hit the ball - only there is nt a real ball , its on the screen ... .. oh !
you poor thing , dean commiserated .
i came in and found him with the whole thing in his arms he said it was askew in the frame , but i had nt noticed .
april can tell a fake doll from the real thing at twenty paces , nina said , following april .
gretchen glanced at her broken wrist , the only thing she had to show for yesterdays efforts .
then the whole thing collapsed around her .
the prettiest thing you d ever see .
why did she hide those things in the first place ?
your clothes and the rest of your things are in ninas trunk , gretchen assured her , watching nina make a face at the thought of daisys foul - smelling odds and ends arriving inside her sisters home .
i have just the thing over here in a locked cabinet with all my distinctive pieces .
the whole thing was cold by the time it got to my cell .
after a while , however , as i twirled the thing between my fingers , i had the feeling of being back in class .
the knife and things they found in my home and garden were planted .
if i did what he claims , i would have worn the same thing as in the fountainhead .
but my body did and would not settle down for some time ... no wonder that i slept in and rushed through the morning , finding to my dismay that i had forgotten to recharge my cell phone and the thing was dead ...
i was straining to keep things in place .
a frilly bikini brief with high cut sides , made of a shiny , translucent materiala sexy thing .
a fear of falling started to build up and i looked for a safe way of landing this thing .
the thing crackled and snapped , and sparks jumped into my flesh , burning me .
he sat back , fingering the thing tenderly .
poor , poor thing .
said she was thinking of something new - another religion or guru or some damn thing .
come on , baby : the square blue fuzzy thing .
or the next best thing : a film storeroom .
that vulgar thing with the greek columns ?
he had brought hear toy coffee pot , a furry animal , and other things that clearly a child her age might find interesting to play with .
my hair is not dry and the boys are not dressed and i do nt have a thing to wear .
poor thing , hurray said before the judge could reply .
you flip up this switch in the back and then you make sure that this little sliding thing in the front is pushed to the left so that the light can come out of this little hole .
what else did the thing hold ?
what s this four oclock thing ?
the only other thing on the table was the small white wafer about the size of a thin poker chip resting on a black cloth next to the balance .
a new bedspread replaced what vicki referred to as that thing on your bed . ''
it might be better for him to stop short of town to find another cheap but well - lit motel , and then call her first thing tomorrow morning and make arrangements to meet with her .
chapter thirty - three oh , my god , people are going to see me in this thing .
tipping me off to be in the park first thing .
all along the walls are screens showing images of war , of people dying , screened over and over , the same thing .
you have this thing , right ?
that is the heart of it all , that little thing generates more power than you could possibly imagine , and this i say , sweeping the room with my arm , is my latest application .
the needle itself is made of hardened titanium , incredibly thing , less than one nanometre .
i follow his gaze and see a tiny thing , a tiny cloud of smoke and dust and i turn to him , questioningly , surely it ca nt be that unusual to have a car come down the road , but he s up and he s busy and he s wiping at the table , he s clearing up the glasses , and he s pointing to me , and suddenly he can speak a little , you he says , jabbing his finger at me , you hide , you hide , come with me .
above it there start to be a lot of other noises , large scrapes and bangs , like things being moved around , like he s trying to find a hiding place .
wayne held his coffee cup up for a refill as well and said , no , in fact , after the divorce , he put in a lot more hours sold even more houses and earned even more money than before , and paid for most of his toys and things in cash .
he did nt have a problem with her being undressed , in fact he had hardly noticed it , perhaps because she was so matter of fact about it he did keep staring at that thing on her cheek though .
i pass a mirror at one point and i do nt realise its me immediately because i m wearing these horrible green pyjama things and do nt look my best , so that explains why no - one recognises me .
and i have nt planted anything , i do nt plant things , i do nt need to .
so chiaras got this paper - folder file thing on her lap now and i can see the doodle from my session , like a coloured - in spiders web design , its definitely the same one , so i ca nt work out how it is nt my file when the therapist read from it just , like , an hour ago .
she has this rubbish - looking couscous thing with tangerines in it or something , and its so dull but she s all oh , you have to taste this , its so great .
i m pretty confident there ll be something glittery and close - fitting for me to wear , something louise or estella themselves could have worn , back in the day , but i think chiara might just have to put on a brave face in the changing rooms , poor thing .
so she would plant up hardy things that would have a use .
do you know the country code for canada , so i can get this damn thing to work ?
he sat listening to the relaxing and soothing ambience music as he stared at a large black television screen , amused at how much he paid for the set , as well as , how much he continued to pay for cable even though he never turned the damn thing on .
it was a thing of beauty , long and tightly rolled in a single black tobacco leaf .
the whole thing was chrome trimmed and looked like it just came off the assembly line .
this thing is a babe magnet .
this thing is over 500 pages .
we would nt have to keep reloading this old thing .
the plan now is to release you first thing in the morning .
the only thing between the valley and me would be some barbed wire , if it actually extended around the entire area .
i took that as my invitation to get in as a passenger , though i questioned if the thing was even functional .
things were clicking into place .
can you see this thing glowing ? ''
get this thing off of me . ''
` ` you still have n't gotten her thing thing ? ''
` ` you still have n't gotten her thing thing ? ''
her thing is still in the thing . ''
her thing is still in the thing . ''
` ` did n't get the thing , then , '' said a voice beside him .
charlie gave his mother her medication , wiped her mouth , fed her what little she would take in , but by now she was mostly having sips of water or apple juice , and he listened as she lamented losing her looks and her things , as she remembered being a great beauty , the belle of the ball at parties before he was born , an object of desire , which clearly she loved more than being a wife or a mother or any of the dozen other faces she had worn in her life .
i already knew where the thing was going .
only thing i ever saw her take in was an old - fashioned .
` ` oh , this old thing . ''
this thing was huge , and fucking hideous . ''
` ` asher , what the fuck was that thing ? ''
the thing was nearly ten feet tall , with a wingspan of thirty feet .
by reflex , he put up a hand to catch the little thing , lest it plunge to the floor .
it was there in his belt , but that was the only thing still where it should be .
he stooped and snatched the thing and , rising , hurled it into the darkness .
the stuffy doorman had given her invitation close scrutiny , as if she 'd counterfeited the damn thing , but her name was on the guest list so he had to allow her entrance to the wentworth fairyland .
she 'd kept her mouth shut and had n't shared a thing , because she was in enough trouble without starting more with some rich guy .
she hoped the thing backfired and blew his head off the next time he tried to shoot it .
that nightgown was the only thing i found . ''
the thing looked professional quality but bent , which would render it useless , right ?
basil and frederick were nowhere in sight as she hurried down three doors to her office , a simple but pleasant space she 'd made her own with little things like a silk plant , since the office had no windows .
chapter twenty - two abbie limped into hunter 's cabin , ready to use the first thing she could find as a weapon to beat some sense into him .
she 'd grabbed the first thing she could find that would hide any trembling .
get this damned thing off my desk before i shoot it ?
if you still want to turn yourself in tomorrow , i have a friend on the force who can pick you up first thing .
` ` how long do you think the batteries will last in this thing ? ''
too bad it 's against the rules to carry that thing with you .
she dug it out , fumbled it , dropped the thing yet again , and groaned over the unknown caller i d .
the poor thing would have had a heart attack had she found an unknown man in her house .
her gaze tracked to the digital numbers on her alarm clock , the only thing she could see in the dark room .
a person could get dizzy trying to follow all that first thing in the morning .
but neither carlos nor joe wanted excuses and both expected results , so she used the only thing she had in hand .
` ` not really , but she said she had a couple hours of work , i 'll hit a cyber cafe and read this thing . ''
i ca n't say much to taggart now that the rest of it has been ransacked , but that old codge should n't have touched a thing there .
i ' m starting to think this thing is hexed . ''
the mechanic said he can get his hands on the part first thing in the morning .
looks like the same thing as the one in india . ''
that thing was a fucking bullet .
it was held on by a magnet , the same kind of thing people use to keep a spare set of keys hidden .
we 'll probably have the bail hearing first thing in the morning , but do n't worry , we have cozy accommodations . ''
something to hold them over until the real thing came along .
` ` you ' ve got a crack in this thing , '' he muttered .
i mean , imagine : ' my favorite thing ?
it 's this thing that tells people where to sit . ''
there was a ladder attached to a wall , the kind of thing you normally associate with a submarine .
` ` you put that thing on my computer .
i 'll call harry rex first thing this morning and try to arrange a meeting .
i ' m stopping this thing right now and you get your ass over here . '
take it and get carla to sign it and hustle the damned thing back to my office .
max checked out the various themed picture frames- '' happy birthday , '' ` ` we love you , mom , '' that kind of thing .
but he 'll be in tomorrow first thing .
for a while , one neighbor , a prissy thing properly named missy , had started up a petition demanding that cora repaint it .
they used to do ids for members of the weather underground , that kinda thing .
the one chair in the room was too low to the ground , the sort of thing that opened up into a sleeper , and yes , that might come in handy later , but now , right now , charlaine just wanted to sit and hold her husband 's hand .
the whole effect reminded grace of epcot center at disney world - a fun reproduction but you 'd never mistake it for the real thing .
there were oil paintings in gaudy frames that looked like the kind of thing you 'd buy at one of those holiday inn sales where everything was $ 19.99 .
the damn thing was always going dead .
` ` i will have my people look into it first thing in the morning . ''
` ` see if we can get ahold of the police file , talk to the investigating officers , that kind of thing . ''
` ` let me go look around for them first thing in the morning , okay ? ''
win called first thing in the morning .
her intercontinental tag team championship belt , a gaudy thing that if actually wrapped around esperanza 's waist would probably run from her rib cage to just above her knee , was framed behind her desk .
but we do n't have a damned thing on nieminen .
either we make the whole thing disappear , or he cracks the section wide open . ''
` ` but who would be interested in creating such a thing ? ''
said they would fix it first thing in the morning .
bruce and i decided to keep all our lab tests tissue specimens , blood samples , that kind of thing in bangkok , where they would be not very accessible . ''
somewhere in the background he could hear winston sigh and curse under his breath every time eric asked to look at the same thing again .
such a lovely man , poor thing .
the door was a scrawny - looking thing with rotted wood and a lock that a strong gust of wind could break in two .
she had seen more than her share of penises in her day , but the thing in that guy 's pants looked like a baby 's pinkie .
i knew it and i did n't do a goddamn thing .
i ' m going to bust the damn thing open . ''
we entered wal - mart together and picked up that thing from infomercials called the club , which locks a car 's steering wheel into place .
i wanted to say , the only thing we stole was your eyebrow , but i kept mum as i swung myself feetfirst out the window .
from the well - lit distance , the thing did n't look much scarier than a baby lizard .
it was quiet for a moment , and then radar looked at me through the rearview mirror and said , ` ` that doors thing is the only one marked different from the others , and it 's also the most random ; i really think that 's the one with the clue .
i only went to like three classes , and i only learned one thing , but the thing comes in handy sometimes : we watched this tae kwon do master punch through a thick wooden block , and we were all like , dude , how did he do that , and he told us that if you move as though your hand will go through the block , and if you believe that your hand will go through the block , then it will . ''
i was inside and had the thing in gear and was starting to move when i looked over and saw ben sitting in the passenger 's seat .
i take the square thing from her and finally realize that it 's a battery - powered record player .
i crumpled the thing in my hand , turned and went up the stepping stones to my front door , my keys already out and ready to turn in both locks .
i do n't carry a purse when i ' m working - it 's just one more thing to tote in and out .
i took everything out of her huge walk - in closet , every single thing .
` ` it 's a pretty little thing , is n't it ? ''
` ` one a you come help me with this damn thing ? ''
it would have surprised me profoundly if dr . lemay had ever kept anything very street - desirable ... he 'd have antibiotics , antihistamines , skin ointments , that kind of thing , i thought vaguely .
a sleeping baby is a near - perfect thing .
i did n't know how much more i was capable of doing , but i seized the nearest thing i could strike with , one of the long plastic candy canes that lou had set on each side of the hearth , and i started down the hall , pressing myself against the wall .
i 'll get there first thing tomorrow morning before you start seeing patients , then i have to go to the winthrops .
i neatened things to my satisfaction , and if i ended up close to the door where the meeting was taking place , well , i was bored .
i went in the yorks ' place , put down the bags ... put some things in the refrigerator .
` ` marta schuster asked me to tell her if i found anything gone missing , and the tv guide is the only thing . ''
it was an old thing , but it had been a graduation gift from my stepdad , so i loved it .
then open the darn thing , i felt like yelling .
and that 's when it dawned on me that sylvie could be a third thing : in party mode .
chapter 2 ` ` i ' m not getting on that thing .
the only thing we could earn , the only thing we are still learning .
medicaid is a wonderful , necessary thing , but it gets abused like a don king under card .
people did n't visit morgues first thing in the morning to hear good news .
please do it first thing tomorrow .
it 'll be faste 's task to start looking for her first thing tomorrow morning .
` ` what about the fact that you two use handcuffs and that sort of thing ?
that might sound strange - lovers alone on an island , the sex constant , who had never shared a gentle kiss or a light stroke or soft words - but their relationship had been about forgetting and surviving : two desperate souls standing in the rubble with no interest in trying to rebuild a damn thing .
quick statement , no time for questions , that kind of thing .
yep , the picture belonged in a frame on mommy and daddy 's mantel or a suburban high school yearbook circa 1985 , the kind of thing with a life - summing write - up underneath it , a life - defining quote from james taylor or bruce springsteen followed by so - so enjoyed being secretary / treasurer of the key club , her fondest memories including hanging out with jenny and sharon t at the big w , popcorn in mrs . kennilworth 's class , band practice behind the parking lot , that kind of apple - pie stuff .
` ` that what this thing costs ? ''
but a moment later , when she looked at the place lissa had pointed out to brian and which brian now pointed out to her , she forgot lew just as completely as brian had forgotten about all the wonderful things he could watch on tv that night .
when he did that , the curved metal thing went gray again .
this new thing looked like some sort of chair , although no one sitting in it would have been very comfortable .
the condensation that builds up on the skin throws the whole thing out of whack .
she cursed the damn thing .
she was lucky if the cursed thing gave her thirty - six hours .
they make a face and say , ` ` i do n't want that thing ! ''
the thing looked , as the name suggested , exactly like a cell phone .
she was a tiny thing , maybe five - one , 110 pounds tops .
thank heaven the damn thing had wipers .
during the communist tenure it had been the center for state literature and arts , but after the fall , like most things , the building went on the auction block and was eventually snapped up by one of the country 's new rich .
` ` when king arthur slammed this thing , all i could think about was the egg . ''
` ` that thing was priceless .
` ` put that thing under your jacket , '' he said to orleg , not wanting any questions from the curious .
he could n't just dispose of it , thanks to orleg 's admission , and he certainly could n't leave the damn thing around since the slugs in the deputy would be a conclusive match .
` ` you have chamique 's direct first thing in the morning ? ''
but she would n't hear of it until they sandbagged her with that jim / james thing yesterday .
she was this tiny thing but she played like she was my secret service agent .
the thing could n't move . ''
the judge wants to see all counsel in chambers first thing thursday morning . ''
i did n't mind surveillance or background checks - you know , following a husband or wife , checking out credit card charges , phone records , that kind of thing .
i 'd recently discovered a women 's clothing place in the city that stocked things just for petites .
it paid off , and i began working my way up ... this car was the first thing i got that said i had arrived , and i take good care of it . ''
` ` so the farm 's falling down , the barn has a hole in the roof , he has n't made money in years , and the whole thing is rotting .
she took the black thing out of her pocket and handed it to him .
he knew where he 'd parked the damn thing .
` ` i 'll get out there first thing in the morning , have a look around . ''
this thing 's big enough for cars , suvs , even a mid - sized rig . ''
she 'd never wanted to use the damned thing after he 'd left .
he liked the things around him kept up and in place .
i ' ve been stuck wearing this tight , itchy , thing for the past month , filling in for girls who could n't bother ( or were too ashamed ) to show up .
i ' m pretty sure this thing could survive the apocalypse . ''
the plows are going to bury the thing . ''
i ca n't imagine what 's inside this thing and so my mind runs away with me .
he looks about ready to flip the damn thing over .
` ` i understand that you felt like you owed this guy , but after this , we do n't owe him a thing , okay ? ''
you 're supposed to be finished with that thing soon , are n't you ? ''
and i did n't do a goddamn thing . ''
but the entire thing is blank .
i ' m going to rip the damn thing for her .
you know , the ones where you put a quarter in and it drops out the little egg thing . ''
` ` i swear i ' m going to cut this stupid thing down . ''
but really , it seems silly to have a ball thing just taking up space .
tan skin , ripped abs , and stylish wayfarers - he instantly looked cool even wearing that damn thing .
` ` it 's from a jewelry store , and i was going to retire the thing anyway . ''
she sees a father who loves his children , buying them fancy things and sending them to exotic places to show his affection .
i was hoping it 'd turn this thing pink . ''
` ` some fashion lines like the quirky thing .
but i ' ve seen too many scenes where the guy jackhammers the thing down her throat .
` ` he went through a list of things , asking me if they turned me on , '' rose says , unabashed .
you can have the real thing at the end of march . ''
` ` huh , '' chyna muttered , trying to take another drink and then realizing she had finished the whole thing .
she actually sipped this one because she was terrified of walking around in this thing drunk .
` ` how fast can this thing go ? ''
why had they never gone driving before if he had this thing ?
it was a rickety old thing that made her uneasy , but she did n't think she could manage the stairs in her state .
the prettiest thing i ' ve ever laid eyes on , '' he said , slowly walking her backward toward the bed .
lexi had n't left her office all day because she was still working on that big case , so no one had even seen the damn thing .
parker did n't live close enough to bike into work , and lexi was n't sure what people would think if parker took that thing into the elevators .
where had she placed that goddamn thing ?
you 're fighting a losing battle , and the only thing you 're going to get out of this is a restraining order if not something more severe . ''
` ` here take this filthy thing . ''
she wants that sort of thing .
and i ca n't wait for us to work together on this project and make my resort the best f**king thing the entire industry has ever seen . ''
she 's got the hots for him , the poor thing .
who says that sort of thing ?
walking through the swinging door that opens onto the front of the cafe , i turn off the switch next to the doorframe , so the only thing left lit is the glass case that houses the cakes , cookies , bars , and all the other delicious stuff gina bakes , though it stands empty now .
` ` one minute you 're the sexiest , most nak*d thing i ' ve ever seen , and now you 're blushing like a sweet schoolgirl . ''
they did , and had to wait nearly half an hour just to get on the stupid thing .
he pushed his together and then popped the entire thing in his mouth , eating it in one large bite .
the entire thing screamed money .
` ` you have a bedroom on this thing ? ''
it seemed like the only safe thing to touch at the moment .
suddenly , things clicked into place .
she turned to look at him , noticed he was wearing the same thing he always did - a cheesy workout t - shirt and a pair of sleep pants .
that would allow him plenty of time to change his mind and see where he landed with this thing .
she quivered when he loomed over her , and then he undid a few buttons on his shirt , then yanked the entire thing over his head , exposing his hard , delicious body and that fascinating tattoo on one arm .
this woman had dark hair pulled back in some kind of messy ponytail , a rainbow - colored straw hat , and the ugliest swimsuit cover - up thing he 'd ever seen .
it was a stamp , a ` ` hey , we 're together '' kind of thing .
if it would n't have been such an embarrassment , she 'd have stopped the damn thing and gotten off .
god , she was going to die on this thing .
` ` yeah , i hate that damn thing .
damn thing ran slower and slower every time he turned it on .
he told her , and they ordered the same thing , along with a pair of coronas .
` ` if you do , you have to promise to show my dad how to use that access thing again . ''
` ` has anyone fallen off this thing ? ''
evie and i put our things on jess ' bed and then went back out to the living area and sat on the couch opposite from meg .
i drank the entire thing in less than a minute .
one of the main reasons i bought this damn thing is to feel your arms and legs wrapped around me while we ride .
i guess i 'll be wearing long pants every day for the rest of my life or until i could afford to get this damn thing removed .
` ` see , that 's the thing , ash .
i tuned them out as i always did ~ if the roof flew off the damn thing or the plane landed in the ocean , i just accepted that i was a goner .
i then cleaned his room completely and searched the internet until i found the perfect thing for the project i was going to tackle the following afternoon , anything to keep myself busy until i could get to the hospital .
so when i got home , i pulled this old thing out , '' i explained as i nodded to the keyboard .
we wanted to get our new lineup perfected in addition to getting our name back out there , so we were playing any and every thing that came our way .
the first thing he did was walk me around the massive institute , pointing out things and places that i would need to know .
plus , i need to use your truck , and i do n't think i could even drive that thing , but- '' ` ` but , nothing !
do you know i had a dream about layton last night , and i had to take that damn thing out ?
` ` good lord , that thing is huge .
i ' ve had a thing for jimmy for as long as i can remember , but he did n't seem interested in me .
` ` i was n't brushing her off , '' i said defensively as nate threw his frozen blue thing onto the floor and began clapping as if he had just done something fantastic .
` ` i thought we had gotten rid of that arm's - length thing in the bathroom on the plane , '' i replied , trying to get a real smile out of her .
` ` how long do i need to stay at this thing ? ''
you put a lot of snow on tree limbs and those things are going to break and snag the lines and create all sorts of issues .
i also put all of the things for his present in my car so we can drive over to his place later .
he 'd gone through the whole damn thing four times now , and he could n't find any holes .
he 'd taken the damn thing for her , saved its life .
is there even a back on that thing ?
plus , dee was so happy ; it 's just a few hours of wearing this thing .
might not be the cleanest thing in the world right now , but at least it would hide my body .
how the hell am i supposed to get in that thing .
i am eye level with the footboard thing .
is n't the purpose of that thing to help people get into vehicles ?
there is no getting in to her house without her wanting you there , when she sets the damn thing . ''
they start off small , some new design programs for my computer i had been looking for , earrings , some barely there garments that earn a slap from me , some odds and ends things i had been raving about for the house , and finally a large but flat package is pulled out from behind the tree .
the only other thing in the room is a large projector pointing down from the ceiling .
not the sexiest thing i own , but it shows off enough skin that it will be perfect .
it really is only a matter of days before the damn thing blows up .
hell , throw the damn thing at her , but she does n't make it two steps into this building , yeah ? ''
we did n't stay long , but when we go to leave , i get a long hug from izzy with demands for a phone call first thing in the morning .
one of these days , he might take that thing off but right now , it might as well be surgically attached .
not once did her best friends even see one damn thing .
emmy 's desk is the center of attention when you walk in the door , literally , the first thing you can see .
` ` chelcie , find me a jacket , blanket , some f**king thing now ! ''
` ` if it involves you getting up and walking out of my sunshine and my life from here until the end of time , then we 're on the same wavelength , '' i answered , sliding farther down on my towel to realign my face with the sun , trying to pretend his face was n't the thing naughty thoughts are made of .
` ` although i ' m curious as to how you got this thing built without anyone hearing or noticing . ''
now , lucy , '' he said , turning to face me , ` ` i 'll need you to come down to the station and give your report first thing in the morning .
` ` this thing is pretty thick , '' mom said , extending it closer , ` ` and my psychic abilities are telling me this is a welcome packet .
i did n't even mention it to jude when he called first thing saturday morning .
damn if he was n't the sexiest thing i 'd seen in a long time .
i doubted jude knew if and where sawyer kept a weapon , but i also knew he 'd look , and the nightstand would be the first thing searched .
you want to be down there when jude bursts in because you 're going to be the only thing he sees in that thing , '' holly said , shuffling out of her own clothes and sliding into the white dress .
you want to be down there when jude bursts in because you 're going to be the only thing he sees in that thing , '' holly said , shuffling out of her own clothes and sliding into the white dress .
this time he did n't look at me , he just ran across the room , tore the last drawer out , and this time , when he reached the window , he hurled the whole thing out .
he 'd won a big game , made me feel things a girl should n't spread over the counter of a boy 's bathroom , held his own in an argument with me , and managed to say the exact right thing to calm me down .
together we created that super - duper - looper thing .
tossing the lingerie off to the side , i grabbed the first thing in the bag my fingers fell on .
lifting his piece at me , he stuffed the whole thing in his mouth .
i fumbled with the buttons on her key , finally managing to get the thing unlocked on the third try .
` ` damn this thing , '' he breathed , his forehead lining as i moved above him again .
walking over to the monitor , she shut the screaming thing off before turning and heading out of the room .
` ` why ca n't i just prop the thing up on the mantle ? ''
` ` look at this thing . ''
` ` how about quiet and focused until you get that thing right ? ''
the damn thing was still crooked .
` ` let 's get this thing hung , '' i said , as he pounded the nail and hook into a new patch of drywall .
my eyes narrowed at the thing dangling from his index finger .
the horny , kinky , perverty kind of thing . ''
all those times i wanted to go to the jewelry store and buy you the biggest , sparkliest damn thing i could , all those times i wanted to take you to some fancy restaurant and order the most expensive thing on the menu just because i wanted you to have the best .
` ` come on , i could n't see over the steering wheel of that thing , jude , '' i said , winking to make the blow easier .
` ` because you made me hard from a hundred yards back in that thing . ''
` ` with you running around in that more - string - than - swimsuit thing '' -his hands gestured up and down me again- '' no eyes would be turned in my direction . ''
are you going to keep staring at that thing all night or are you going to tear into it ? ''
` ` are those signatures on that thing ? ''
` ` they look for any excuse they can to whip that thing out .
` ` you 're not ramming that thing against my boobs . ''
which might have worked if he had n't already been leaning against the damn thing .
for a second it looked like his best friend was going to fire it back at him - straight at his head - but eventually he uncapped the thing and took a long drink .
which technically was n't a lie , she told herself , since the stupid thing would never be drivable again .
a million answers ran through his head , but he left it at , he looked across the parking lot , at the brightly lit grocery store that was the only thing open at this hour .
then he let go of her wrists just long enough to rip the thing off .
nobody needs to see my ass hanging out the back of this thing . ''
i look at the thing , but i ca n't tell .
i ' m not sleeping on the floor with that thing in the room .
i ' m not even sure if i can sleep with that thing in the room . ''
hot guys want you , even in that frocky thing you 're wearing . ''
i could buy an island with this check and every little thing i could possibly want .
i hoped it would catch fire and burn , but the thing barely makes the paper smoke .
the damn thing wo n't catch .
she uses a tone that let 's sean know he bought the wrong thing , but she 's gentle with him , like he 's five years old .
my gaze drifts to his pictures and some small clay thing that looks like a squashed cat .
it 's boring , but it 's the only thing i have that even comes close to swing clothes .
i feel the soft tissue in my hand , but the thing is glowing .
i pound the crap out of the thing , sprinting as fast as i can .
mark pulls out the emergency stop key and the treadmill turns off , before my feet get sucked under the thing .
i shake the thing as i rush back toward dean and peter .
` ` shut that f**king thing off ! ''
her voice is a breathy rasp as i reach inside my jeans pocket and pull out the little box that 's been burning a hole in my mind ever since i bought the damn thing over a week ago .
so , um ... that duckling thing stands for that one too , '' he said , jerking his head in zan 's direction .
the lid on his box had come loose , so i slammed it back on and went to breakfast with simon and will , piling heavy thoughts and boxes on top of the zan box to keep the damn thing shut .
because of those magical little things he 'd left for the finch children in the tree in front of his yard .
putting this beautiful unattainable thing in front of me and then pulling it away .
you could do the whole 1940 's pinup girl thing .
yes , because the shiny thing made up for him forcing her to have sex when she did n't want to .
i 'd been hard at work on my jane austen costume , staying up late until my eyes were burning so i could get the damn thing sewed .
this thing was going to require a thong and a strapless bra .
` ` although , i ' m not sure how fast i 'd be in this thing .
the thing was so loud , i was worried we were going to get pulled over for excessive noise violation .
he strode down the hallway , and i had to go for a very long run so i did n't break every single thing in my room .
just the kind of thing that someone would travel across the country in a last - minute road trip in .
katie banged around the kitchen , peeling things and boiling water and rubbing butter on the turkey and raiding my spice cabinet .
she said as i scrubbed her with her most exfoliating soap and this loofah thing she 'd brought .
` ` when i was a kid and it snowed , dad used to take this thing and make reindeer footprints on the lawn .
i had a whole thing scripted .
` ` are n't you gon na get rid of that old thing ?
a preacher or minister in a black suit with a black shirt and the little white thing at his collar stood over the grave , intoning bible verses and rote words of supposed comfort .
kelly does the neck - roll i do n't think so thing .
i tinkered with that f**ked - up engine for months , figuring out how the thing worked , which parts went where and what they did and how to get them back in .
the tattoos turn his torso into a living mural , poetry in script along his ribs , a dragon on his right shoulder breathing fire on japanese characters , the fire spreading like wildfire down his back and fading into a golden sun on his spine , an archaic - looking thing , like a compass rose , almost .
i took off my bra , too , so i only had on a tiny t - shirt , a fitted thing , blue cotton with a pocket over the right breast , a glittery purple heart on the pocket .
` ` it 's just a thing .
` ` what 's your favorite thing to make ? ''
her clothes were cut so that they clung to her curves without being overtly revealing , and i found this the sexiest thing ever .
just ask the squirrel who jumps out of the falling tree if he heard the damn thing crash to the ground . ''
i have so many memories in this thing that i 'll probably actually cry when you finally replace it . ''
it was n't much , that old truck , but it was the only thing he owned , really , aside from his camera .
` ` jason is still driving this thing ?
usually waking on my own , i forget how that thing buzzes like a swarm of bees with megaphones glued to their butts .
i swear the thing looks like it 'll growl .
unscrewing the stubborn thing with ease , he hands it back .
who knows what kind of shit is living on that thing . ''
i shake my head and make a note to get myself a new phone first thing .
suddenly my collar is n't the only thing that 's tight .
a few missing bolts and the thing falls apart while you 're driving down the freeway . ''
` ` it 's the only thing out there .
every single inch of that thing was covered . ''
` ` i ca n't believe you talked me into bringing that thing home . ''
training for your fight with ' the fade ' starts first thing tomorrow . ''
the thing is lifted high on tires that are almost as tall as i am .
and f**k me if it is n't the sweetest damn thing i ' ve ever seen .
this is the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen .
the only thing covering me from the waist down is a thin strip of black satin .
her food is now the most interesting thing in the room , and she looks at it intently .
i 'd have broken the thing weeks ago just to watch it all go down .
i make another mental note to put my pad on the market first thing in the morning .
it looks exactly the same , down to the picture of axelle with a sweet smile on her face centered among her things .
probably all sorts of dna samples could be taken from that thing . ''
` ` take that thing outside .
` ` i thought we hid that f**king thing from you in monty 's room , '' ryan muttered .
` ` you do remember me telling fin that crookshanks could play that thing better than you , right ? ''
` ` keep that shit up , tanner , and i ' m gon na come in there and break that thing across your face ! ''
he wanted to drag her away , lick his way down that tantalising display , and then rip that thing in two .
` ` i want to rip this thing off you . ''
glued the thing to your boobs ? ''
` ` i promise i wo n't do a thing around the house to help you . ''
he was going to smash the bloody thing and bury it in the backyard behind fin 's veggie patch .
sliced deli meat was one thing she remembered skimming her eye over .
how long do i have to be in that thing ?
she had been lugging that thing around for how long , and she almost lost control of it ?
she looked at me through the mirror and whistled , ` ` look at you miss thing ; every guy at the club is going to want to tap that hot ass , '' she smiled as she lightly smacked it .
` ` no , get that thing out of my face , '' he frowned .
a slight irritated smile graced his face , ` ` you 're even a smart ass first thing in the morning . ''
` ` here you go ellery , you are to take these pills first thing in the morning before you eat , and i am scheduling your first round of injections 2 weeks from today . ''
it was the day before christmas eve and we were heading back to new york first thing the next morning .
` ` i ' m sorry , baby , but i have a meeting first thing this morning . ''
i told phil to stay in chicago for the night , and i 'd send the plane back for him first thing in the morning .
because it looks so much better than rach 's liberty ; do n't you ever wash this thing ? ''
his erection was straining against the zipper , and my eyes widened when i pulled the denim off his h*ps and the only thing hiding him was a pair of boxer - briefs .
so no , rachel , you do n't owe me a damn thing .
but how do you cut this thing ? ''
i ' m pretty sure the people who made the thing laughed at being able to torture people with the wait .
i fumbled with my key ring , my hands shaking so bad i wanted to toss the whole thing at him , but i still needed my truck keys to drive .
` ` you know , that was the last thing we built .
i jogged into the closet , grabbed the first shoe i found , and went back to smash the shit out of that ugly thing .
i felt a sense of pride as i looked at the small thing and glanced over at the blanket that stuck out of dean 's pack with a smug sense of pride .
and when it was a real flame , dean wrapped the entire thing in the palm leaf and carried it back to our fire pit , placing the smoking bit at the bottom of the wood pile with delicate hands .
i nodded and glanced around - the only sticks we could use for scooping out the peanut butter were covered in sand and camp filth , so i decided to use the next best thing .
after all , my mouth was probably the cleanest thing on this island at the moment .
i knelt and crawled into the small shelter , suspecting that dean was going to either change his mind or push the entire rickety thing down on me .
our bodies locked together , heated flesh against heated flesh , the only thing separating us being two tiny swimsuits .
my stomach grumbled at the rich peanut smell and i wanted to devour the whole thing on my own .
this thing says to return here once we ' ve completed both tasks and gotten our tokens , so we 'll meet back here when we 're done .
` ` i think there 's a floor plan in this thing .
i 'd never heard of the darn thing .
the thing creaked and groaned as if it were dying with every bump , and the tail wobbled like it was going to fall off .
my stomach heaved when the thing lurched in response , and the others in the basket glared at me .
instead , the entire thing was slightly rubbery and tasted of lime and some sort of extremely spicy herb that seemed familiar enough .
i moved to help him and was surprised at how freaking weighty the thing was .
the thing weighed a fricking ton .
the entire thing had vibrated when he 'd knocked .
` ` there 's only one lift in this entire thing . ''
` ` i think that ear thing was inspired . ''
the entire thing creaked so loudly when he landed i thought the others would come running .
that thing held the key to me squeezing another week out of this game .
` ` i thought you said this thing was a piece of crap . ''
i nodded because ` ` this old thing ? ''
` ` you 're not wearing that thing .
` ` we 'd just need to stop at my place on the way in the morning so i can grab my beach things . ''
` ` my excuse is that i ' m too busy to have a thing . ''
earlier , i 'd changed into a light green maxi - dress , grinning when i 'd found jared 's things littering my room .
that needs to be delivered first thing in the morning , so why do n't you do that and then come here and get yourself acquainted in the office first .
i can just leave a little earlier and swing by to get it first thing . ''
` ` what about this thing ?
` ` how on earth did you smuggle that thing on the plane ? ''
i 'd close out the job and realize i still had a thing or two to learn .
` ` they ' ve got something that could help me out , but not the thing to help me out . ''
` ` if you had n't tracked me down at my hotel to deliver airline tickets to nice , i 'd ask you who you think 's got the thing to help you , but that would make me seem dumb or naive . ''
it was a zippy little thing , but it left a lot to be desired .
end one i have this thing in the bag.-owen macintosh , day 1 , endurance island : alaska three dugout canoes sat in the middle of the frigid bay , surrounded by a dozen cameras ( and cameramen ) near the shore of the rocky alaskan beach .
i look to and from the door and the american who stands at the foot of the bed twisting a long metal thing on the end of a slick black handgun .
there 's no telling what he carries in this thing .
i chose the most unfashionable , casual thing i could find .
the weird clothes you were wearing and that thing on your head .
` ` you have facetime on that thing ? ''
rose spent an hour wrestling my cat just to put the thing on her while i was in class .
she smiles playfully , waving the thing towards him .
` ` maybe we can do something with this thing . ''
` ` daisy , grab the f**king thing , '' ryke tells her , having to literally tug her dress down three more times as she moves .
i was still untangling the thing when akira opened the driver 's seat door .
` ` which do you prefer , the photo - shopped pictures , or the real thing ? ''
especially a tiny little thing like you . ''
it 's the prettiest f**king thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
do n't get arrested or married or any of that kind of thing !
you know , looked at some theatres , upcoming auditions , apartments , and day jobs , that kind of thing .
that was another thing that could go wrong .
again and again , bliss seemed to be my new beginning , the thing to help me let go of the past and move forward .
i ' m sure at some point in his life garrick had already broken that old thing and glued it back together . ''
this thing could n't last forever .
she wore a lacy blue bra that looked sweet and innocent , and damn if that kind of thing did n't always do me in .
` ` how close are we to this eye thing ? ''
when she did open her eyes , she just stared at the people ahead of us unloading their things and pressed her palms into her thighs .
` ` but we need to find a place to stay and put our things and- '' ` ` later .
i pointed at the first thing i saw .
i picked up a pair of socks , the first thing i saw in my backpack , and said , ` ` who was that ? ''
his hands , large and callused lay atop my chest where the heart beneath had been sanded down to a tiny thing .
the thing blew with my unit inside .
he could have been the thing of female fantasies .
from the way he 'd just man - handled that thing , you 'd have thought it was filled with feathers .
the thing could n't be street legal .
if i had your figure and your courage , i 'd wear the same thing . ''
` ` ever heard of a little thing called financial aid ?
` ` because every time you make fun of how tightly my jeans hug my backside , i can throw the same thing right back at you . ''
whatever that ` ` thing '' was , i did n't know , but it was most certainly a thing .
the purple scarf was perhaps the only thing clean in my room .
` ` now , '' -she grabbed the other handle- '' let 's get this thing loaded up before those boys keel over from starvation . ''
last week , i could n't have helped carry that thing five feet .
` ` i did n't say i was n't embarrassed to drive that thing .
` ` well , enjoy the ride and make sure to wash your hands when you 're done driving that thing .
the thing was really only made for one backside , but i could n't exactly complain .
what you were thinking climbing down that thing in those things ? ''
what you were thinking climbing down that thing in those things ? ''
` ` are you sure you 'll be able to get up that thing in your condition ? ''
i do n't think she owned a single thing that was cotton .
jax lifted his champagne glass again and , that time , drained the entire thing .
jesse had to be back on the ranch first thing monday morning .
` ` you 're not winning another thing tonight , black .
no matter how many times we slammed the thing closed on him , the crazy sob would n't take a hint .
i could n't seem to lose the thing , even if i wanted to .
it was the only thing i had that they had n't given to me .
it 's the only thing i have of my life before willow springs , and i ' ve kept it with me for years not as a reminder of the life i 'd lived , but as a promise of the life i 'll never have to live again .
the entire thing was engulfed in flames , close to the point of being unrecognizable .
i had n't been paying attention the last time i was in it , but josie 's bed was the most comfortable thing i 'd ever been on .
partly because i ' ve been sleeping in my truck since i bought it- '' ` ` what you and some nameless jezebel do on the mattress in the bed of that thing is not considered sleeping . ''
i loved my truck and all , but the thing was beat to shit .
the damn thing was n't even made in the u.s .
` ` if he ever did that , he 'd be the next thing thrown into that bonfire . ''
this thing used to be black , right ? ''
i need one of those slushie things to cool down , and i need the sugar before i go into hypoglycemic shock . ''
why do you think i rarely take that thing off ? ''
the only thing i knew was that i had to stay on the back of that damn thing because that was all i had left in life .
` ` hey , grab your things and take a quick shower at my place .
` ` i ' m not getting on the back of that thing .
` ` i ' m not getting on that thing , and you ca n't make me ! ''
the f**king thing would n't start .
we 're both going to keep our separate places fully furnished with all the things the baby needs . ''
the damn thing was broken .
i swore which was something a rarely did and turned the stupid thing off .
more importantly i laughed with ayden for hours while we tried thing after thing on and felt like a giant weight was off my chest .
more importantly i laughed with ayden for hours while we tried thing after thing on and felt like a giant weight was off my chest .
when we got back inside she immediately started calling around getting things in place for an adjuster to check out the damage and have the car towed to a body shop .
the only thing i could reach from my prone position was the meaty part of his thigh and i was n't sure that i had enough strength to do any real damaged but i swung the glass shard as hard as i could and heard him swear as he suddenly jerked back .
` ` that thing covers half your butt cheek .
the poor thing stammered out an awkward greeting , which had cora grinning like a lunatic .
it would take torture to get me to admit it , but my main goal in life was to see how far down that damn angel tattoo went , and to trace the entire thing with my tongue .
the thing looked like it weighed more than she did .
i grabbed the closest thing to me - a bottle of whiskey i had been drinking from earlier - and chucked it against the wall .
i pounded the door with the side my fist and was seriously contemplating taking the damn thing off the hinges to get at her if i had to , when i heard cora 's door open and saw her blond head poke out .
he grabbed my hand and wrapped the whole thing around the shaft and gave it a squeeze .
he sucks in a breath when he looks down at me and sees that the only thing coming between him and a completely nak*d me is a very thin layer of panty .
her legs propped up on the bar without hesitation was the hottest thing i 'd ever seen .
i could n't eat a fourth of that thing , '' i said , glancing from the sandwich up to jason 's pretty blue eyes .
the sandwich was the biggest thing i had ever seen , but i ate as much as i could .
the first thing i admired , jason snatched up and bought me .
when she 's ready , her things will be waiting for her in a two - bedroom gulf - front condo at the turquoise place .
a disposable thing .
she threw the syringe into a bin and picked up an iphone looking thing .
what was the icy thing slicing through the material ?
sighing , i grabbed the last thing in my wardrobe .
that slurring , broken , wild - sounding thing ?
i dragged the tip down his sternum , circling around the thing tess asked me to retrieve for her .
having that devil thing out of my body was the first thing to give me a tiny feeling of relief .
too f**king bad for them , i planned on swigging the entire thing as medicinal rather than entertainment .
if he needed this simple thing , so be it .
when i 'd designed the poker brands , i knew if tess let me mark her with such a permanent thing , i would go one step further to seal her to me .
my hand latched around the small thing hidden under the pillow and i sat up , pulling tess with me .
i could n't help the urge to tease him first thing .
i was n't a little play thing , a puppy he could command just because it turned me on .
admiring my handy work , i picked up the patchwork puppy and sat it inside when the whole thing collapsed .
` ` there 's skittles , choc chip cookies , hershey bars , almost every kind of candy bar they stock , tissues , some kind of swollen foot cream thing and a lovey - dovey book with some long haired girly - boy on the front . ''
i told him , a mixture of relief and a little sad , that i was going back to my special toy drawer ; the real thing was always better .
even first thing in the morning , with bed hair and morning breath , she still looked f**king gorgeous .
the main focal point above the whole thing was a princess crown , which made me laugh .
i picked out a frosty noodly looking thing dated for the middle of july .
i can gather up your things , if you want ... '' i thought of bethany 's stuff crammed into the trunk of my car .
in fact , i could n't think of a damn thing i wanted , besides hannah .
` ` that thing 's going to make me look all blotchy . ''
` ` this thing is f**king heavy . ''
she 's been holding on to the thing since we left the house , like she 's worried if she puts it away she 'll lose it or something .
the scar on his chest and how tristan threw the driving thing in his face .
` ` maybe it 's pieced together with velcro so that when i feel like having my wicked way with you i can just tear the damn thing off .
he 'd been ogling the damn thing online for months but could n't bring himself to buy it since he did n't need it .
` ` the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he murmured .
in fact , the only thing she wore that shielded her against the scottish winter was a scarf .
' i 'll never get laid with that thing on show . '
i 'd just managed to peel the darn thing off when i hit my left ankle on the coffee table , taking a knock to a funny bone , and i went crashing down , whacking my head on the soft cushion of my couch .
eighteen months later i glanced at the bathroom door , thinking of the thing i 'd left in there .
the damn thing looked twice her size and she was being dragged along as she yanked at it , unable to maneuver it over the edge and onto the floor .
they 'll come pack your things and then drive them across the country for you .
i chugged the whole thing to give myself plenty of ammunition before scooting back into the bathroom .
the poor thing , she looked terrified .
you should see the size of this thing .
` ` that vest thing you 're wearing is pretty cool , '' i said to coby , impressed with the floatation devices kids these days had to wear .
coby sat in some sort of booster chair thing , while chance grabbed a stack of books from his room .
he clung to that damn thing like it was his child .
once again that vulnerable feeling set in , because when you 're nak*d and the only thing protecting you from the world is a cowboy hat and a mylar blanket , it would be an aberration not to feel unsafe .
she took me around the corner and then walked straight up to a little junky shed , the kind of thing my parents would have had removed from their property long ago .
i wanted to take music and turn it into this - a thing that looked shabby on the outside , but was beautiful and whole from the inside , all i really needed .
that 's right - this room , this little thing .
it was a bmw and i do n't know nothing about brand new cars like that , but this thing looked to be so clean , so shiny , and so new it might as well have been in a womb .
another time , she won a really nice two week trip to italy , all expenses paid , but it turns out when you win things in a sweepstakes you have to pay the taxes on the value of the thing or trip and we could n't afford it .
i could see parts of the asphalt beneath us under her car and wondered if i needed to put my feet through to make this thing run , like something out of a cartoon .
would i let women touch me and tuck money into that thing , their hands sliding over my hips , probably grabbing my ass here and there ?
on the continuum of sex toys that could be stuck inside me , the thought that a storm trooper butt plug might be the thing that leapt to her mind first made me recoil in horror .
walking out that door meant acknowledging that this was really happening , that i - amy - the intelligent girl who was erudite and smart had actually masturbated with a phone and somehow shoved the whole goddamned thing in my twat .
there were picnic tables everywhere , elegant picnic tables , the kind of thing that you would find at an antique store , or some high end place on newbury street .
the off button called my name , so i shut the damn thing off and proceeded to walk wherever i needed to go to erase this f**king night .
but this guy was the furthest thing she could picture from a businessman .
` ` who the hell , '' he muttered to no one - at least he hoped no one was watching him try to pry his face out of this getup , ` ` last wore this thing ? ''
a muffled , ` ` who the hell ... last wore this thing ? ''
just as he realized the sound was coming from a different direction , the damn thing stopped ringing .
the vibration startled her , and she dropped the damn thing .
did your daddy leverage the maui vacation home for that thing ? ''
but all i really want right now is to get the thing off of me .
where this thing is going to end up , i do n't have a clue .
but i also think you jumped at the first thing you could find without giving him a chance to explain himself , simply because it was your way out . ''
` ` why do you keep giving me that thing when i ' ve made it obvious i do n't want it ? ''
the thing is tight and clingy , and no matter how hard i try , it does n't quite want to go where it 's supposed to .
it really is , which is why i ' m going to hand that damn blender to his assistant first thing in the morning .
i do n't want to fight , so i pretend not to see that the thing is more than 75 percent empty .
the only thing i ' m wearing is a tiny black panty .
you and i could have lived off our money forever and never needed a thing .
jack can take an empty canvas and turn it into the most evocative , heart wrenching , provocative thing i ' ve ever seen .
when you were wearing that red thing and the jewelry , '' jack lets out a jagged breath , ` ` i could n't take my eyes off of you .
without a doubt , this will be the most devastatingly beautiful thing he 's ever made .
the blinds rip off in jack 's hand and the entire thing falls to the floor with a loud clatter .
every time jack 's name comes up , it sparks the whole thing to life and the cycle repeats itself , as it has for every show in the past .
` ` my number is programmed into the thing .
i ' m paying your loans off first thing in the morning . ''
something 's wrong with the whole thing .
the only thing keeping me from a jail cell was ripped to shreds , sticking to the parking lot like wet confetti .
stunned at his cold behavior , i fumbled it and nearly dropped the thing on the wet ground .
i could n't get a thing on him .
another hour and the poor thing would ' ve had a problem .
crap , what if this thing had belonged to a real witch ?
of course , the thing looked like it could choke a horse .
but she could n't come up with a thing .
she stood on the threshold , her arms clutched around a short , silky robe thing .
the entire thing was fake and i was too stupid to notice . ''
she folded her slender arms across her ample chest , ` ` and you kept the thing with you . ''
trystan could have picked the lock if it was the old one , but not this thing .
he would go back and delete the whole thing .
the thing is old , huge , and heavy .
i know what you 're capable of , and i expect you shine bright and rock this day jones thing better than any play you ' ve ever done .
he does n't owe her a damn thing , and yet he did this for her .
chapter 11 the studio is the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen .
it is the kind of thing i would want to wear , but it would n't look good on me .
her perfectly man - made boobs fill the thing up .
driven with two people on this thing ? ''
we 're supposed to leave for long island tomorrow and i have n't packed a thing .
he continues moving around the set , putting things in place .
i did n't know what to do with it , and the stupid thing would n't sit still . ''
that damn thing is a death trap . ''
the entire thing shakes under the slam of her hands .
jesse grabs his things and leaves without a backwards glance .
i was a sure thing , so he goes up to you and says ...
finally , he says , ` ` it 's the only thing i have , the only thing they gave me .
finally , he says , ` ` it 's the only thing i have , the only thing they gave me .
taking the only thing that i can use as a weapon , i grab a can of hairspray , intending to spray and smack the intruder with the can , if i get that lucky .
i grab his shoulder , and scold him like he 's five , ` ` stay away from that thing !
i hear edward moving things and then the sound of wood snapping as he cleans up .
edward looks at me , things finally clicking into place .
the whole thing looks wrong .
she acts like it 's a tin can on a string and practically screams into the thing .
there is n't a wrinkle on the entire thing .
the entire thing , save for the bathroom , is open with fifteen foot high ceilings and dark stained shelves as far as the eye can see , accept the kitchen wall , even the stairs leading to the library loft have built in shelves .
i was going to show callum tate my favorite thing in the entire world .
i held up a dark silver sequin one and thought it was the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
the only thing kelly could find in my size in costumes that would n't clash with my dress were a pair of white dupioni silk ballet slippers with a satin ribbon that laced up my calf .
beds were the first thing we bought and it was much easier since it truly did n't have to be a joint decision .
it made me wonder what things were being put in place besides barricades to prevent further deaths .
at the time , i was so incredibly embarrassed but now it seemed like the perfect thing to wear .
it was my only refuge from the hate i was drowning in and the only thing that kept the small sliver of flame that was the old tom .
things were taking place that simply gave it away .
` ` whatever you do , january , do n't take a damn thing from these clowns .
i loosely braided a french braid waterfall at the top and side of my head , leaving a few tendrils loose , tied it off , then wrapped the entire thing and all the loose hair into an unkempt bun at the side of my nape opposite my braid , stabbing it together with the chopstick .
` ` my god , we 're both too tall for this thing . ''
i played with that thing so much when i first got there , i thought it was going to break .
she ran the length through the tape binding the entire thing and i swear to god i thought i could hear my heartbeat in my ears .
one i have this thing in the bag.-owen macintosh , day 1 , endurance island : alaska three dugout canoes sat in the middle of the frigid bay , surrounded by a dozen cameras ( and cameramen ) near the shore of the rocky alaskan beach .
the stupid thing might look cool once it 's on , but getting into it is a whole other matter .
i got this thing because it was authentic .
fuck , i hate this thing , but i refuse to throw it away - it cost me three weeks ' pay at my old job .
she 's already wearing some frilly satin thing .
i told her that it 's perfectly safe , i even walked over the damn thing once before .
without the damn thing , i feel nak*d . it does n't hide any of my body flaws , and the way this dress bodice clings all the way down to my h*ps shows off every imperfection i have .
it takes two hands to close and lock the thing , which is why i failed to notice the sleek black suv at the curb , complete with driver .
some lunatic bombed the damn thing .
i take the thing and use it .
i ' m a p**sy for still having it , but i was never able to throw the damn thing out .
wait here for him , and sign the damn thing .
i wait my turn to step into a thing that looks like something from star trek , a spinning wall in a circular glass enclosure .
i put on a robe i bought for this occasion , a light , silky thing that barely covers my thighs .
` ` i do n't know whether to rip that thing off you as fast as i can , or leave it on so i can stare at you . ''
it was an old thing that took five minutes to boot with an extremely slow connection , but sylvie had the patience of a saint when it came to maintaining her virtual social life .
apart from cereals and pre - made waffles , it was the only thing sylvie and i knew how to prepare , so naturally , we indulged in it whenever we could n't make it to the nearest cafe .
just look at this thing . ''
it was an old thing with chinese chippendale style engravings and a galleried top , brass handles , and two small stationary cupboards left and right .
` ` that 's not the only thing burning here . ''
` ` let 's hope this old thing 's fast . ''
if she was a couple inches taller , how on earth did she even wear this thing ?
a towel was thrust through the side of the curtain and i gladly wrapped myself in it , but still did n't open the only thing separating us .
do you know how long it took bree to talk me into wearing this thing ? ''
after we got my things in the trunk , we jumped into her car and fought the airport 's holiday traffic .
will it be the one that 's with four girls in one night , or the one that tells me how beautiful i am , does amazingly sweet things for me and notices stuff about me that no one else does ? ''
my jaw about hit the floor when chase paid for the entire thing right then and there .
yesterday we had finished picking out and buying everything we needed to furnish our new place , and the things that were n't already stored in mom and dad 's garage were being delivered tomorrow morning .
each seat had a little thing of bubbles for the end , and a favor of a short jar filled with things to make peppermint hot chocolate .
other than hearing her tell mom and bree about how much she loved orange lilies , this trinity symbol was the only thing i knew harper loved .
will it be the one who 's with four girls in one night , or the one that tells me how beautiful i am , does amazingly sweet things for me , and notices stuff about me that no one else does ? ''
add those to one more thing i did n't want her wearing around anyone but me .
i ' m pretty sure what i was staring at just then was the only thing that i 'd ever seen that could be described as beautiful .
i cringed when i saw there were two girls kneeling beside their owners ; both wore collars and were nak*d . the other man had a male slave standing behind his chair wearing a black leather collar with studs and then a leather bra type thing that had criss - crossed straps and metal rings .
his hands clenched the railing , and if the wood had any give in it , the thing was breaking under the pressure .
now sign the bloody thing , stop arguing with me and promise to come on tour with me . ''
` ` that thing is so clean i did n't even see it . ''
` ` are you seriously considering riding that thing ? ''
` ` let 's get rid of that stupid thing . ''
they 'd taken off all their clothes out in the living room , so he had to borrow her robe and slippers because it was the only thing he could fit in . ''
` ` this thing 's weak , '' he says , pleased .
` ` we both decided that it was time for a change and so i started looking around for a permanent thing that would n't require a lot of traveling . ''
` ` of course , first thing on monday .
ella hunts for the lighter fuel and some wood while i go into the garage and collect some things that belonged to my dad .
i thought it was going to be years and years and years before you ever put that thing on your other finger . ''
` ` i 'll set it up first thing on monday . ''
i ' ve lived my life moving through a string of very similar guys , ones who are polite in public , buy me nice things , have nice cars , and always tell me what i want to hear , at least until we screw , but i ' ve never felt a single thing with them .
` ` there 's a thing called a shirt , you know . ''
` ` god , lila , this thing is heavy , '' micha remarks as he drags lila 's suitcase in the snow behind him .
i wedge my fingers through the opening in the top and remove the thing i 'd been looking at when i 'd been debating whether to go down to the cliff to get married .
` ` take the next thing out .
i think she 's going back inside , but instead she grabs a plastic box that looks like the thing i keep all of my toy cars in .
i really wish she 'd stop reading that thing .
things sometimes get blurry when i go to that place . ''
` ` so when you said you wanted to come on the road with me , you said you 'd love to spend your time drawing things that mean something to you , along with that tree i always used to climb up to get to you .
it 's transparent and gleams against the silver plate , and it 's the kind of thing a person misses if they look quickly .
he pockets the thing and looks down at me .
sitting on top of the thing , i add , ` ` i can take care of myself most days . ''
seriously , that thing has been bent every which way and resembles a deflated knot right about now .
you know , before you walk across the stage , someone puts the sashie thing over your head and rests it on your shoulders .
if i had to chase my car down deer park avenue , i would n't be able to run in this thing .
i wonder if i could knock the thing over and make it look like an accident .
i hear sean agree , and he takes the thing off my back .
i ca n't find my boobs under this thing .
i dig my hand into the snow on one side and whip the thing around .
mel nearly chokes and puts the thing on her plate .
the god - ugly thing is a big piece of brass with a bird on it that connects to a black leather belt .
as soon as i walk away , amber turns the thing back on .
` ` look at how tiny her waist looks in that thing .
` ` why are you still driving this thing ?
i can barely keep this thing running as it is . ''
we can see how high the thing goes before the string snaps and it flies away .
i ca n't help but smile when i look at the thing .
i point a fry at him and say , ` ` eat the whole thing and then decide . ''
even from where i was standing , i knew the thing had probably cost a fortune .
they basically had to raise the thing back up .
he took out his erect penis , an ugly beast of a thing , bringing it toward my mouth .
i imagined the poor thing would float for a while , lost at sea , then finally sink , maybe finding its resting place beside a small bottle of acid .
i grabbed my purse , a nice leather thing with tassels , and sashayed my way into the coffee shop , the door opening with the tinkle of a bell .
he wore that thing in the middle of the summer when seniors were dying from the heat .
i was pretty much wearing the same thing as earlier , the same thing i always wore - boots and jeans - but had a flirty white top that showed off a small slice of cl**vage .
i was pretty much wearing the same thing as earlier , the same thing i always wore - boots and jeans - but had a flirty white top that showed off a small slice of cl**vage .
i 'd gotten an email from gus saying he was couriering us the social security cards first thing monday morning before the drop , so at least everything on that end was shaping up .
not the most modest - looking thing but it had more coverage than the bikini babes .
` ` i made it a few years ago , decided it was the kind of thing i should keep in the glove compartment .
javier 's old sailboat was a sleek , gorgeous thing that held far too many moments for us .
it was one i 'd picked up during an outing to miami with javier back in the day , a bright green and yellow floral thing that managed to look both fashionable and hide my scars at the same time .
ellie was on the sheets , in cheesy white lingerie she 'd never wear in real life but it made me happy to see her in such a frivolous thing .
he took out a screwdriver - looking thing from his pocket and jabbed it into the lock of the hatchback next to us .
no one had touched the thing and i could n't blame them - with her scratched sides and smashed side mirrors , she looked like she was destined for the trash heap .
the only thing i had on me was what fit into my clutch purse : eleanor willis 's passport ( which was pretty much useless now since travis knew it was a facade ) , some makeup , a few pesos and that was it .
` ` how 's your battery on that thing ? ''
we crawled until my limbs were thoroughly scratched up and i added grass stains to the things i was currently covered with , but we eventually came to the house .
you should have a warning label on that thing . ''
i have over three hundred songs on this thing .
` ` who 's that pretty thing ? ''
` ` i fell off the damn thing and sliced my wrist open on no telling what . ''
` ` but there 's nothing but sugar and fat in those things , '' he says , recalling our earlier conversations about junk food .
i just hope i can eat the whole thing without letting any one of a hundred complaints about it , which are already tap - dancing on the tip of my tongue , give me away .
he 's dressed before me and already waiting inside the car when i stroll out wearing the only thing i had left in my bag that was clean : the white cotton shorts and varsity tee i like to sleep in .
not a good idea first thing in the morning .
normally , i would crack some joke about what the hell she carries in this thing and if anything in it is going to bite me , but i know she 's not in the joking mood .
` ` i guess so ; i was the ' music boy ' when we were growing up and aidan was the ' architect boy ' ( he glances at me ) because he used to build things - built a massive tree house in the woods once .
` ` sounds like i ' m being encouraged to get the expensive thing then , i guess .
now that i was in a faraway place , i was going to try some new things .
if owen was going to have someone come get me first thing in the morning , then there was no way i was going to look my best .
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning . ''
i should have called her first thing when i got back instead of waiting this long .
either that or just let wal - mart buy the whole thing ; i ' m sure their sign would look great on the 150th floor . ''
this is probably the only thing i know how to make , but i just really know how to make it . ''
the creamer was about the only thing in the fridge .
i rose from the table , grabbing my things .
and do n't you dare say a thing to him either , dean !
for a bitty thing , she could sure make a lot of noise .
but , you 'll have to pick it up first thing tomorrow so it does n't get towed , '' i noted , gently reminding him that the team was scheduled to head back to arizona in the morning .
when life gives you lemons cassie not wanting to wake up jack , i grabbed my things for work as quietly as possible and headed out our front door .
that thing is enormous and would take up her entire hand . ''
then this stupid chrystle thing came out . ''
i could walk into the bank and just buy the thing .
i swipe the thing to life and press it to my ear .
i just have to make it to that little thing , and read the screen .
bryan steps in again , not giving me the space , so i try to squish myself into the thing harder .
as his lips work down to the place on my throat that makes me want things i should n't want , i fight him .
but what immediately grabs my attention is that there 's one streak of color on the whole thing .
that 's not the only thing that 's ready to burst .
i run down the steps , hoping the damn thing starts when i try it .
` ` you do n't owe us a thing , '' her mom gushes .
` ` you ca n't swim with that thing ?
` ` you are not bringing that thing home with you , '' paul warns .
the thing only cost me ten dollars , but i would have paid a lot more than that just to see her smile .
` ` just make sure you read the whole thing .
that was about the only thing my mother ever bothered to give me .
` ` i - i only had this bikini thing i 'd brought from home and i - uh - i ' m not exactly decent , but i do n't want to get this t - shirt wet . ''
` ` you will get rid of that thing , or i swear to god i will have you killed and make it look like an accident . ''
she grabbed some wicked chain thing with metal - handled grips covered in black rubber as well as two metal bars and some strange contraption i could n't put a name to .
` ` head catcher , '' she continued the lesson , pointing to the hinged gate thing .
` ` poor thing , she 's distressed .
` ` i do n't think i ' ve ever used this word before , but that thing is cute as shit . ''
` ` you 'll get there faster on this thing ! ''
with more force than necessary , i slammed the thing closed .
it was the only thing that would fit and not take up the entire trailer .
i still had those things with me , but i could n't sport an armani in this town or i 'd call some serious attention to myself , which was the last thing i wanted to do .
she kept fiddling with her coat and cursing the thing for being too long .
i had to get a few things for our first date , which included flowers for one miss ellie hunt . ''
after another five minutes of blankly staring at the stupid thing , i forced myself back upstairs and into the shower , thinking i could wash away my despair .
he 's going to be the hottest thing in there . ''
i drenched that thing , and then mercifully fell asleep .
while i 'd been working on the thing for three weeks , it looked like something a six - year - old had drawn and colored in one afternoon .
` ` i would n't mind trying that thing on page- '' i cut him off , my cheeks hot to the touch as i yanked on his arm , pulling him to his feet .
` ` maybe if you did this thing with your tongue ... '' evan and matt bent over they were laughing so hard .
it was the single most erotic thing i 'd ever seen , and i flushed whenever i looked at it .
he sat in the seat directly in front of me , making the entire thing squeak a little .
the last thing i 'd tucked into the box i 'd gotten on a whim .
denny followed me to pete 's in his company car , a sleek , black thing that looked pricey .
i still knew that damn thing was in there , though .
anna was nearly buried in luggage in the backseat , since the trunk in this thing was n't overly spacious .
` ` remember what we said about giving kellan some space when kiera got here ... because of that thing he was going to give her ? ''
would he need thing 1 and thing 2 watching over him ?
i had n't planned on fancy dinners out while i 'd been packing , and the only semi - dressy thing i had with me was a long , simple black dress made of soft cotton that swirled down to my ankles .
kellan chuckled to himself while i gathered the rest of my things , then we headed out to the sitting area , where the rest of the band was lounging .
` ` no ... '' reaching into his pocket , he slowly pulled out a flat credit - card looking thing .
` ` no , you have n't seen this thing .
looping her arm around rachel , anna handed me the only thing that she was carrying - a completely black plastic bag .
there were a plethora of things in the bag , but a giant penis staring me in the face was the thing that really got my attention .
my lips against his ear , i told him , ` ` it 's the only thing i 'll keep on when i get back . ''
` ` i ' m probably the dirtiest thing on the bus , and you sleep with me every night . ''
what about that thing around her head ?
she promised to come back first thing in the morning .
it was a silly thing to wear to swim laps , but my pride won out for that one .
` ` we 're going to break this thing ! ''
` ` that thing with your tongue . ''
be decked out in the hottest thing you own by eight p.m. or else . ''
` ` babies come out of that thing . ''
i zoned out again , only hearing that he was n't giving me the only thing i was interested in .
dean called it a porno tub , and he was n't wrong , considering how many bodies you could potentially fit into the thing .
i knew it was pathetic , and i made a promise to myself that i was not going to turn it into a thing .
her little black dress was not the sort of thing you were supposed to go braless in , with a chest her size .
it had been way more than i thought any piece of clothing was worth , but i 'd paid the price , even had the thing tailored .
i had no idea how the thing even stayed on , there was so much material missing .
this thing was f**king rigged . ''
okay , so maybe they 're onto something with this paint thing .
i crawl over to the bed and rip open the first thing i lay my hand on .
` ` you ' ve spent so long staring at that thing , i ' m surprised you have n't burned a hole in it .
` ` let 's go look at this ridiculous thing , '' i said , taking evan 's hand .
you can go first thing saturday . ''
birth control was one thing i 'd gotten right in my ridiculous life .
do n't see this thing i ' ve been waving right under your f**king noses .
` ` so let 's hear it , '' i said , walking around , poking at things , tickling the garland on the christmas tree and making it shiver with a furry sound .
hydrogen , the same thing stars burned to shine , smashing atoms together until they fused in a brilliant burst of light , the same thing it felt like my heart was doing to the water inside me .
then i would have informed him that he was going to be the only thing not kept if he thought he could tell me that i could n't have my bike .
that thing you call a car is not safe .
` ` it 's either because your son is the incredible hulk or he has a thing for harry potter , '' i say over my shoulder .
asher looks at the front for the second and sees that it 's a picture of new york then he flips the bag over and i can tell that he 's using all of his control to not rip the thing in half .
the thing is messy .
that was the last gift he gave my mother and the only thing she kept .
` ` november added some new program on this damn thing , and now i ca n't find my e - mail , '' he grumbles .
then i was going to tell her about the thing you do with your tongue when you 're going down on me , but you showed up . ''
` ` seeing what you ' ve got on under this thing , '' i say , looking her over and seeing that the lace does have some kind of mesh under it that is the same exact tone as her skin .
` ` if i did n't put the thing on , they would have dressed me themselves . ''
while i could n't say cole looked better now than he had earlier , because the wet hair and body thing really worked for him , he did still manage to make me feel things i should n't be feeling in his dark jeans , green jacket , and knowing expression .
logan might not come charging over tonight , but he 'd be around first thing in the morning .
` ` it 's a good thing you left this thing on the bar before you started table dancing . ''
` ` damn , '' cole panted as we drew closer to the shoe tree , ` ` that thing is downright freaky . ''
yep , she was backing that thing up .
it 's much more comfortable , and i swear i wo n't try a thing .
that thing should be illegal .
i could n't find the will to smile back , or do anything but stare at him dumbly , trying not to look at the thing still clutched in his hand .
we 'll see you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` she 's been through an ordeal , poor thing , with those men saying those awful things about her , '' melissa said , her voice dripping with false sympathy .
` ` i need to replace this old thing before i get written up for wearing an eyesore .
i do n't know a thing about watches , but even i know this thing is way too expensive . ''
i threw on the first thing i saw in my closet .
where would you hang a thing like that ? ''
i needed to go to the grocery store , so it was the only thing in my fridge .
` ` how far down does this thing go ? ''
i had turned my phone off first thing that morning , and i left it off .
the wardrobe thing ? ''
` ` let 's feed you , poor thing .
` ` all of your homes probably have the same thing .
the ice was n't the only cold thing he 'd brought into the bedroom with us , i realized after endless minutes of his teasing .
that sort of thing is ungodly expensive . ''
i headed back into the closet , biting back a comment about the fact that she had been the one to pick the thing out .
i ' ve never met a woman who looked more beautiful without a thing on .
i already had the thing open , and i could see that it contained nothing more than a thin scrap of paper .
i thought about what a beautiful thing stephan 's heart was , to always see the good around the mess that it was buried in .
of all the things he 'd purchased for me in this monstrosity of a closet , i thought that this was the sweetest .
it must have been what the thing was designed for .
i ate the entire thing , not taking my eyes off james for a second .
it took forever the thing was so long .
he sucked at a tender spot while i worked against the scarf , making no progress , just moving the wicked thing against my body deliciously while he did even more delicious things down below .
he had n't asked me not to watch the thing , but he knew me well enough to suspect that i would want to view what was out there for the world to see .
i despised with a passion whoever had edited the thing .
the lid of the thing flew off , and dark soda and ice went flying in every direction , but it was still an impressive catch .
i could put you against this wall and do you in two minutes without taking a thing off of you . ''
` ` i hate this stupid thing ! ''
he bounced the little thing on his hip to quiet her like he 'd done it a million times before .
knowing i could n't do a thing about it was a special kind of torture .
` ` are you sure this thing is safe ? ''
a series of girly tattoos made up a half sleeve on her right arm - butterflies , flowers , hearts , things like that .
i ' m wearing the only thing i had in my closet , which was supposed to be for a new year 's party that i ' m not even going to since my loser boyfriend cheated on me while i was at college .
that 's the only thing keeping the rest of our bodies apart .
are you seriously driving this thing ? ''
the only people who drive this thing are either cops or mobsters .
` ` hey , six , is this thing on ? ''
` ` i ca n't believe you touched that thing with your bare hands , '' chloe said as jackson came back in and locked the door .
in this weather , she was wearing a ski parka , not some flimsy little fuzzy thing .
the only thing in the room that was useful was two spare lab key - cards on lanyards by the door .
we find my brother , get him and the other two out of that tube thing ; that much i know .
i wanted to yell at him , ask him where he had gotten such a thing , but i could not .
little thing , not real expensive , but it 's something .
my brother digs in his pocket , coughing , bleeding , wheezing , stumbles out , pulls a dark round thing from his pocket , jerks at it , throws , falls .
reliant on this girl , this slip of a thing , this prostitute .
enough clothes that i could go for a month and never wear the same thing twice .
it had buttons going up in a fake seam and the jacket was attached to the skirt so the entire thing zipped up the back .
polyester was a great fabric - she 'd slept in the thing and nary a wrinkle .
at this rate , he was going to destroy the poor thing .
he could n't help but notice that maylee had ordered the same thing he had .
maylee took one of the little confections and popped the entire thing into her mouth , chewing like a chipmunk .
` ` i ca n't see a darn thing , '' she admitted .
a mattress lay on the floor , the only thing remaining in the room .
my townhouse is full of books and dust and not a single thing to entice a woman at all . ''
` ` i ca n't believe we 're flying in this thing . ''
` ` sherri used that long hook thing , put a bunch of towels down , and a ton of fluid poured out . ''
` ` that thing definitely wo n't fit in a bassinet , '' she found herself saying , and alex laughed , a polite , slightly over - done chuckle that made her realize that he was just as interested in her as she was in him .
` ` i got myself a sweet old thing who 's been around the block a few times and could take a whippersnapper like you down like snapping a twig . ''
` ` i would love to enjoy a nice , sweet thing at jeddy 's . ''
` ` madge is the sweet thing that you like at jeddy 's , is n't she , ed ? ''
` ` yes , ma'am , me and madge have been together for a good long time , and she 's my sweet thing . ''
she was n't wrong , she had n't done a damn thing wrong by suggesting that maybe dr .
that thing had been there since they were kids , and was probably home to more muskrats and raccoons than anything else .
oh , f**k . darla came running outside , a red and black thing that loosely resembled a skateboard in her hands .
` ` to leave this thing on our porch ? ''
it 's like you ' ve seen me all these years since dad died as some thing you can move around and use at will , but if i do n't comply with your demands i become an enemy . ''
you could live in the damn thing in a pinch .
instead of reaching across the table and f**king her right there next to the little jukebox screwed into the wall above the salt and pepper shakers , he grabbed a cake , dipped the entire damn thing in sauce , and shoved it into his mouth , chewing furiously , hoping the blood that would be diverted to his digestive tract would lessen his raging erection .
` ` oh gosh thanks , this thing is so heavy !
just give me the basics of how to work the damn thing . ''
` ` the rope will be the only soft thing in the room , '' he said and pulled her against the evidence of his arousal .
` ` now if i could just get the women to stop screaming obscenities at me , i 'd have this thing set ! ''
one more thing in the bar that needs to be replaced .
` ` the burberry thing was just a filler .
i envisioned him popping that thing off like a tent way too small for its support pole .
` ` i ' m wondering how painful it will be when you have to take that thing off . ''
she snapped the holder thing on it and pushed it back into its hiding spot in the gap above the cooler .
` ` but sorry , the only thing you 're going to get from this side of the bar is alcohol . ''
i figured with a body and a package like his , combined with endless opportunities from women throwing themselves at him , he probably took that thing out of his pants and showed it to as many women as possible .
` ` ryan and i were just appreciating the same thing before you arrived , '' i said to her .
` ` there are enough burners on this thing to make a meal for forty people . ''
it was the first thing he bought when he cashed in his first big paycheck .
come to think of it , that car is the only thing he bought .
` ` ahh , i just turned the damn thing on and already it 's ringing . ''
ryan was due back on set first thing in the morning ; he called mike to arrange safe transportation .
my head was wrapped in some red colored rubber collar thing .
he hooked me up with that annoying oxygen thing that fits in your nostrils .
she rolled up my hospital gown and pressed the microphone thing into my bruised stomach .
i must have that air hose prong thing stuck in my nose again .
` ` swing it hard enough and you could probably knock some teeth out with that thing ! ''
it was crystal clear what the gray thing was now ... it was the microphone boom .
i can see the tip in the folds of the shorts , a thick round thing .
an evening gown type of thing . ''
` ` this is the only thing even close to lingerie i have , and i ' m only wearing it because everything else is dirty and i have n't done laundry yet- '' she 's rambling out of nervousness , which is cute , and unlike her .
at some point in the afternoon , lani quietly leaves the table and moves into the kitchen and begins pulling things from the fridge .
slipping her right arm into some sort of leather belt thing , and then her left , she felt dylan release her and she faltered , her core muscles struggling to find balance where , it seemed , there really was none .
the - why did that ... thing ... have six attachments ?
i tried my best to not let it get to me , but dammit , i was curious who he was always talking to on that thing that made him smile so much .
` ` i need to find the perfect thing to wear , jess .
` ` now you tell me , sweetheart , what in the world is a pretty little thing like you doing with that ugly mug back there ? ''
` ` i tried to tell him when he went and put that dang thing in his lip that there was no way he would ever get a girl now . ''
` ` i would be that pretty little thing you have there 's father . ''
not the most flattering thing i own .
i ' m going to have to iron the crap out of that thing tonight if i ' m really going to wear it tomorrow .
then bryan got out of the passenger side , wearing a white tee - shirt and worn jeans , which is near about the sexiest thing a man can wear .
that thing you have to get when you finish business school , '' i joked .
i never imagined i 'd have fallen for my brother 's best friend , but there it was , happening and i could n't do a thing to stop it .
` ` but what if you were to try the next thing after rose gold ? ''
i should have it first thing in the morning , but they said they could meet the timeline . ''
i 'd return to your stomach , and i 'd start to lift up your cami thing .
he hiked her skirt up to her hips and slid a hand between her legs , rewarded with his favorite thing in the world .
and as for you , you handsome young thing , '' janelle said to reeve .
he held up the sweater thing and asked the saleswoman .
the thought flickers through my mind that this thing is taking on a life of its own .
he wields that thing like a weapon , ready to brandish it at any moment .
honestly , if he 'd pulled that thing on me i 'd have kneed him in the crotch so fast he 'd have crumpled to the floor .
i know what 's inside , but this thing is a bomb nonetheless .
his eyes are darker as he drinks me in , and i watch him as he reacts to me , his breathing intensifying and i have n't even taken a thing off .
i do n't know anything about diamonds , and i ca n't tell the cut or carats , but i do n't care because it 's from him , and it 's about us , and it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever worn .
i just slept with a complete stranger so you could get those shots and you tell me the damn thing 's broken ! ''
lucy 's car was a red convertible , just the sort of thing to be seen in on a hot day .
it was the most conservative thing he 'd seen her wear .
he wondered how long he needed to stay at this thing until he could leave .
you can take it with you first thing in the morning . ''
he had barely been in the damn thing for thirty minutes , and it already felt like it was choking him .
` ` oh , so a pretty thing like you from public relations knows all about my exploits in marketing ? ''
i have a thing for the men of the fitzgerald family . ''
she glanced down at her ensemble like it was the most normal thing she owned .
and i 'll take you to grammy 's first thing in the morning , and she 'll get you through this . ''
in her mind , the dress had been the most beautiful thing she had ever seen with its empire waist flowing into yards of satin along with the intricate pearl and sequined encrusted beading of the bodice .
` ` let 's see how we 're gon na get you out of here in that thing . ''
` ` because , my friend , i have always known you do not feel a thing for alina kokinos . ''
mairi had a few misgivings when she had seen that damen had n't touched a single thing in her closet .
the whole thing looked incredibly trashy and scandalous .
he tore at her clothes as she tore at his , and he set her on the first thing he found suitable - the ample padded back of a sofa .
she thought the charter plane , which was nothing fancy , was the ` ` cutest thing ever , '' and she talked to the pilot for nearly an hour , asking question after question .
the guy at our one pawn shop in town would probably have had a heart attack if i 'd plopped that thing down on the counter .
` ` well , you did n't read the whole thing .
the thing was almost the size of a hot tub , but shaped perfectly for two people .
back in my place with no time to spare , i barely had time to splash some water on my face , pull on my i - mean - business gray suit ( the most expensive thing i owned , that i was still paying off ) and my bitch boots , and dashed down to my car .
did he use the chair first thing in the morning to check on his stocks ?
the thing could be heavy , and it could even kill me !
the darn window had a complicated latch , and the gardener was pointing at the latch and laughing at me when i got the thing open .
no way , you 're a four , you tiny thing ! ''
the thing looked perfect for sex , because you could go one way and use the arm for pumping leverage , or do a one - eighty and let your feet stick off the end .
rather than let it go to voicemail , again , i decided to answer the damn thing before all the vibrating ran down the battery .
his sofa was also his bed , but he had n't folded the bed out , which was fine by me , because i hated that squeaky old thing .
i 'd picked out the tackiest thing of all for that night : a tiny g - string and a matching purple bra with a ridiculous amount of frou - frou and lace .
he still had his socks on , silly thing , so i took them off and fixed the blankets and pillows on his side so he looked more comfortable .
i eased him up just a fraction of an inch , and suddenly he was completely on my clit , the whole thing on fire and engorged beneath his tongue .
and goodness knows there are a lot of women around looking for ` ` sugar daddies '' to buy them things in exchange for affection .
` ` i ' m not sure i 'll be able to get out of this thing if i get down . ''
they 'd been gone a long time ; kelly had no doubt what the inside of that thing smelled like .
` ` and right now there 's a wicked big thing hanging there . ''
kelly was n't sure he should have found it sexy to watch nick light the thing .
` ` how many pockets do you have in that thing ? ''
he 's got a reputation for going into dangerous areas and getting out unscathed with local shiny things .
nick had just sold his soul to get a look at this thing , all for nothing .
` ` when i started remembering things , i remembered a diary entry about this place .
i 'd been f**king her for months with this borrowed thing in my chest , but when she said ouch , i wanted to more than f**k her .
glasses and braces , the whole thing .
` ` can you unbutton that thing and tell me the rest ? ''
even in my mind , that thing looked cheap and worn .
she looked at me for a second , hands folded in front of her again , and winked when she said , ` ` i know just the thing . ''
` ` obviously you were intending to clean up in that old thing as well . ''
i peeled my shirt off and replaced my crappy navel ring with that gorgeous thing .
because studying such a thing would draw attention from the man i sat across from .
i could n't feel a damn thing between my legs no matter how hard i thought about f**king .
tall , beautiful woman in black leather , belting that thing out .
when the thing was finished and photographed , we lounged around on a circle of couches in kevin 's backyard and drank cheap beer out of the bottle .
she 's got that thing .
the thing i can sell .
` ` you should wear that thing you wore to the eclipse show .
` ` it bothers me that we worked together so many hours at a stretch to make this thing , and the whole time , you and kevin are planning a reconciliation i do n't want . ''
monica the plane was probably the nicest thing i 'd ever seen .
the tiny thing felt shaky , unsure , too fast .
` ` it was a thing .
the poly - satin undersleeve 's seam had split ages ago , but the loose threads and edges were invisible when i wore it , so i kept the thing , promising to fix it some day .
the thing did n't look entirely broken .
i got out my eclipse dress , which was the most beautiful thing i owned .
i pulled out the good right arm , stretched it over his head , then dropped the whole thing over the stiff left arm .
the thing must be broken or stuck .
darren left his laptop on the swing and stood next to me , looking at the thing over the porch rail .
` ` this thing , '' he said before i heard the soft crunch of fabric being cut .
` ` you going to knock me unconscious with that thing ? ''
she smiled , the biggest , fakest thing i have ever seen in my life .
my mother answered the door in a long polyester thing that fell over her curves in a way that was modest , but sexual at the same time .
that was a thing .
` ` oh my god , this thing tastes so bad . ''
i was sure the feeling of expansion was air , or my imagination , but the fear of it made it hard to get the garish thing on her finger .
this must be a drazen thing .
i flipped any switch i could get my hand on , and though the thing whined , there was no way to tell if what i was doing was having the necessary effect .
with a bend in my knee , and a twist in my wrist , i kinked that thing , and the fluid running through it stopped .
in my ignorance , i had n't silenced my phone , so when the bloop of a message came in , i jumped to turn the thing off .
the thing where he was erect .
i could take that thing .
mom paced in front of the window , a wisp of a thing with a bent neck , tapping her finger on her chin .
mountains in the back , the whole thing . ''
` ` i just want someone to touch this thing with a ten - footer . ''
we have to get this thing in the can by friday .
` ` as long as you 're talking to him and the thing is face up on the table , i 'll look . ''
tighter , until the tension in the thing released , and the trigger bounced back .
at a red light , i wrote down a number from my call history then tossed the thing in a bus stop garbage can .
it felt like reminiscing about antonio , even though the thing was clean of anything but music and a short call history .
maybe it was another renter or someone who saw the sign and pulled in , thinking correctly : a night at glacier lily was just the thing .
esteban yelled and i looked his way to see he 'd had his face wedged in the sliver of an opening of the fridge door , the only thing he could get with milagros and me standing in his way .
the whole thing screamed beverly hillbillies before they struck oil .
i came out of my stupor when he moved to the wardrobe and the entire thing swayed dangerously as he opened the closed door .
you think i ' m a man who 's got a thing that good , he 'll let it go ? ''
those necklaces are the only things i own that mean a thing to me . ''
at the hem was the only thing that , when i was standing , saved me from having my ass cheeks hanging out .
it was flower print , girlie but it was a cool print and since it was the only thing in the room that was flowery , it worked ( even though the rest was pretty girlie ) .
the thing on my behind kept stroking as knight cupped me between my legs and he went on .
then his hand went away and that thing , what i knew was the strap , glided between my legs .
and i 'll be making you a homemade cake , not that store bought thing i brought into your study .
how the hell that thing survived , i would never know seeing as it was clearly locally owned and had not been gobbled up by a conglomerate .
we 're gone first thing in the morning . ''
his gaze moved back to my eyes and when it did it did n't settle but roamed my face before he muttered , ` ` prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen , on my couch , under me , her fantastic , f**kin ' hair all over my pillow . ''
` ` prettiest thing i ' ve ever f**kin ' seen , '' he whispered then he came back to me but did it by twisting his torso even as his hand slid up my ribs to cup the bottom of my breast , lift it and then his mouth was there and he drew my nipple sharply between his lips .
i reached to his belly , put a slice of cheese on a cracker and shoved the whole thing in my mouth .
she sends a f**kin ' birthday card , you infiltrate the united states postal service to steal that thing .
what i did n't know when i was sayin ' that shit was that the tragedy would be the sweet , funny girl who was the prettiest thing i 'd ever seen would turn into a hard bitch in fancy clothes gettin ' paid to pretend every night , twice a night she was a whore . ''
i do n't think you 're anything but ivey , the prettiest thing i ever saw seven years ago and seriously the prettiest f**kin ' thing i ' ve ever seen five minutes ago wearin ' that f**kin ' nightie . ''
it was n't better than the real thing but it would do in a pinch .
he broke the kiss but demanded roughly against my lips , ` ` get this thing off , honey . ''
this thing was still running on a wing and a prayer .
me and my woman are breathin ' but half the f**kin ' thing collapsed while we were in it . ''
` ` fuck me , '' through the daze of my orgasm i heard him growl , ` ` prettiest f**kin ' thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` are you sayin ' that thing is gon na be in my truck ? ''
` ` now get this f**kin ' thing off me ! ''
` ` is n't that ... does n't that kind of thing cost a lot of money ?
` ` i ' m not going to be able to get on that thing , '' i informed him as he swung a leg around .
heck , just the other day when we 'd swung into king soopers to grab some things we needed , billie and i went in and came out to mitch and bud playing catch in the parking lot .
said it was the prettiest thing she had . ''
it was the prettiest thing she had .
` ` that 's all i got to give , babe , but i 'll also tell you the only thing i 'll take is what you 're willing to give back except you need to give me what that ass**le left in you so you do n't have to carry it around anymore . ''
and , unfortunately , that was n't the only thing i bought .
` ` if you want , i 'll gather all the things i do n't mind you smashing and put them on the coffee table or , an alternate option , i can go grab you a bottle of beer , '' i offered .
things occasionally got cleaned when his mother popped by , this , i 'd realized , was something she did that was essentially taking care of a forty - five year old man that he did n't mind but then again , he did n't care if his place was clean and he also did n't care if his mother spent her time with him cleaning .
he had four hours with the girls last night and he took off first thing this morning leaving me a note . ` `
this time , my mouth dropped open as i stared at my sweet , wouldn't - do - or - say - a - thing - to - hurt - a - soul tracy saying something that hurt a soul .
the whole thing was decorated in black , light gray , black leather and chrome and so clean a doctor could perform surgery there .
a sure thing who opens her bed and her legs , no questions asked , no expectations , just an opportunity to get off and go your own way until you 're done .
a week ago , me and my boys show at his place first thing in the mornin ' and you 're in his bathroom .
` ` yeah , i was , but this thing is soft and what 's under it softer , did n't have either pressed against me when i said that so now i ' m not wiped anymore , '' he said against my neck .
deck ground his coffee fresh first thing in the morning .
` ` but i got a kaleidoscope that i ' ve been carryin ' with me everywhere i go for the last nine years that i was too blind to see until very recently that holdin ' that thing with me proves that shit irrevocably wrong . ''
he picked it up but all he could see was emme holding that f**king thing to her chest like it was her baby .
and that thing was deck 's .
no hesitation , i yanked up the nightie i had on , the only thing i was wearing since it was morning .
still smiling , he opened his mouth to speak then his smile died completely , his head jerked up , eyes to the door , and before i knew what was going on , he pulled out , yanked me off the counter , set me on my feet , shoved me behind him , and his hands went to his jeans , the only thing he 'd luckily pulled on earlier to shuffle around in the kitchen with me .
and anyway , if shy was that pissed about the toilet seat , then i 'd put the danged thing down myself .
she put together things called ` ` boards , '' which were plates filled with fruit , cheese , veggies , and other stuff that did n't sound all that exciting but the way elvira did it , it was .
` ` not once , '' i pulled in a calming breath before going on , ` ` not once , hopper , not since that very first moment when brick walked into my house with tyra , when she told me elliott was making whacked decisions and then you showed later to put me on the back of your bike and take me to ty - ty 's , have i ever , ever , '' i leaned in again , ` ` done one stinking thing to indicate i was a biker bigot . ''
` ` you 'll get a refund first thing monday morning . ''
she had on almost the same thing as becca this morning except her poofy vest was less poofy and was a muted , sage green and her shirt was n't a thermal , it was long sleeved , ribbed and dusky blue .
then i sorted my shopping , clipping off the tags , putting things away then i grabbed the cream and sugar bowl i 'd found in town .
` ` and that thing in your hair , '' mindy continued .
i looked into the drive area of the cabin complex and saw not much as the porch light was the only thing lighting the large , dark space .
she 'd had an active day , starting it with heading to the mall first thing and ending with dancing like a madwoman at mindy and jeff 's reception then laughing until she choked with her family and friends at the mark .
i was n't looking for that kind of thing again no matter what form it came in .
that silken thing started to wrap tight around me and it did n't feel bad at all .
i reached forward , took the bag , opened it , yanked out the first thing my fingers touched ( lemon drizzle cake ) and i took a huge bite .
` ` it means you ca n't look at me first thing in the morning , '' i informed him and he burst out laughing and pulled me deeper into his arms .
the thing was mammoth , had to put it on his shoulder .
pretty thing , reminded me of betty .
` ` she 's injured , buck , take her to the hospital , '' wood whispered , using the only thing he had to break through .
then , wet hair , tacky body , wet seeping through my clothes , armful of stuff , i found the nearest coffee cart , bought two lattes and juggled them and my things as i went back to the room .
it was looking tired , petals falling off , blooms drooping but she 'd carefully carried that thing to the charger when they left vegas and made sure the stems were in water the minute she could when they were in moab .
he felt his gut clench at the same time that thing pierced through the left side of his chest .
it was the only thing there .
seeing that photo , he felt that sharp thing pierce through the left side of his chest again and , at the exquisite pain , that area tensed and stayed that way .
i got a blush colored ribbon and a sucker thing for the window and i 'll hang it in the window over the kitchen sink . ''
that sharp thing again pierced the left side of his chest .
he also did n't tell her that the thing she made was beautiful and not just because of what it was , what it said and that she 'd made it with flowers from her bouquet .
he 'd been stunned when lexie took him to the frame shop , felt that thing pierce the left side of his chest , sharper , the pain passing exquisite to be something he did n't know , never experienced , but he knew he 'd never forget that feeling or that moment , not in his life .
i ignored this , settled in my roller chair and grabbed a gel pen with a fine tip and flowers printed on the sides of it that wrote in purple ink , the only thing in dominic 's pen holder which also happened to be purple ( as was much of the interior of the salon not to mention the sign outside ) but the pen holder also had glittered white butterflies on it ( as did the outside sign ) .
that thing pierced his chest again but the feeling was different .
that thing piercing his chest .
that ride was sweet and his wife loved it , doted on that f**king thing , called it ` ` her baby '' .
then , pure lexie , no bullshit , no hesitation , she gave even though he already knew he had what he wanted , but even if she said no , he was lying on top of the only thing in the world he every truly wanted and she was filled with his cock .
i , of course , on a lunch break bought the big , round , glass vase i had my eye on at the carnal country store and the proprietress thanked me profusely for buying it saying , ` ` sugar , that thing has been on my shelf for a year and a half .
` ` i think i can negotiate a keypad , honey lumpkins , but my locker at school you had to do all this winding around , back and forth and eventually i had to learn how to pop it because i could never get the f**king thing open . ''
but i had not one thing to wear on a date at the rooster walking in on the arm of all the beauty that was chace keaton .
fuckin ' brilliant , showin ' you things , watchin ' you react , get excited , get confident , try your own thing .
` ` i want to go places , see things , do things but always come right back here . ''
` ` baby , you sucked me off , rode me , forced my assent to watch the f**kin ' thing right before i came then we watched it with you on me in my tee , no panties and my hand on your bare ass .
then i fought back tears as i put away groceries in my tiny kitchen in my tiny studio apartment , which was the only thing i could afford on the shit wage i made at f**king deluxe f**king home store .
pulling out the black t - shirt i 'd stolen from fox 's wardrobe , i found the embroidered silver emblem and shoved the whole thing in the bouncer 's face .
i would n't do it - not when i wanted her to keep every damn thing in my house .
the only thing she wore was the silver barbell through her right nipple and her star necklace .
turned out my heart was n't a living , beating thing .
i bit my lip as i reached into my dress pocket and pulled out the thing i was terrified of .
the thing i 'd stolen from fox the day i knocked him out with the small wolf statue on his side - board .
the satin wood let it slide all the way to the centre where it rested like a stain , a sin - a simple innocuous thing screaming of wrongness .
` ` such a pretty thing .
the only thing i 'd sign when it came to the hawks was their death certificates .
` ` you probably have another hour before that thing wears off .
` ` stop delaying and read the damn thing . ''
the only thing keeping my na**d chest from being on display .
` ` i ' m not getting in that thing . ''
the thing was dirty , but she kept a firm hold on it .
the diary lay open for all to see on his desk , and paul cursed the damn thing .
did daisy 's mother even know how to use the blasted thing ?
her perfume always turned him on first thing in the morning when she handed him the mail .
i ' m not that thing anymore . ''
was it her fault that he was the person to leave like that first thing in the morning without saying a word about his intention ?
` ` you have a death grip on that thing , '' wayne said , looking perfect and graceful on his feet .
money has been spent hosting the damn thing when they could have sent it directly to the charity . ''
the sound was like heaven for him to hear first thing in the morning .
could she sacrifice this small thing , her body , for his future ?
the damned thing had only been dealt with a few hours ago , and it was already the bane of his existence .
he did n't want to use the damn thing .
you know the one thing i did n't know back then is something called a paternity test .
her knuckles whitened from the grip she had on the damn thing .
` ` why do you have that awful thing ? ''
not a skinny thing that he usually liked but a nice plump bottom .
even to him , the thing looked dated .
grabbing the first thing nearest him , tiny threw it across the room .
he did n't know much about her other than the fact she was a pretty little thing .
` ` you better know how to use that f**king thing .
the one thing lucas could guarantee was prue 's protection .
she 'd not taken it out since , not even to sell the damn thing .
blonde , brunette , redhead that sort of thing .
inserting the cable into the phone , he plugged it into the wall and turned the blasted thing on .
he was a little boy again only this time the man who had once given him comfort was tearing the comfort away from him by pulling the only thing he 'd ever wanted , his leather cut for the skulls .
zero finished his slice of cake , taking the whole thing with him .
with one grip on her hip , he held her in place as the thing at her ass opened her up .
her taste was exquisite , the best thing he 'd ever tasted .
if you wish to walk on the deck or do something else , let me know first thing in the morning so i can arrange it . ''
there was only one thing he could think of that they had n't tried .
make sure to lock the f**king thing so she does n't get out . ''
it will probably be the one thing that will break the whole case , and we just have n't found it . ''
probably a good job he 'd opened the stubborn thing .
too much stress first thing in the morning .
the bra was the last thing to come off her .
his c**k was the only thing she wanted between her thighs .
she 'd been a thing of ridicule to them .
` ` you bought her the damn thing .
glancing around the kitchen , she tried to find any excuse to answer the damn thing .
to him , lacey was the best thing to ever be kneeling on his bed .
was she glued to the blasted thing ?
there is nothing more i want from my life than to see your face first thing in the morning .
she was going to donate the rest of her all - beige wardrobe first thing monday .
someone skinny and confident and all the things rose knew she was never going to be , no matter how many spa diets she went on .
he really does have that esp thing down .
` ` because you 're driving this thing . ''
maybe for once you should turn that thing off . ''
after he was done pretending to be luke , he was going to take home a cute little thing in a thong .
quitting her safe job would be the next - riskiest thing she had ever done - right behind being a sexy queen on the runway and seducing travis , of course - but it made her smile to think about telling albert that she quit and was never , ever going to buy a single thing for her clients in his store .
` ` this looks just like the real thing , does n't it ? ''
the theme was young , hip clothes , the kind of thing that thirty - year - old women and teenage girls would be comfortable in .
and she could n't do a damn thing to change that .
he nearly laughed as she frowned at him , shaking her head as she said , ` ` simon , i ' m not taking one more thing .
it 's the only thing i have left that belonged to my mom , '' she choked , her voice wobbling with emotion .
and you do n't owe me a damn thing .
you ' ve given me every single thing a woman could ever want .
the world is n't going to end because i signed the stupid thing . ''
damned if he did n't want to pull the annoying thing out of his mouth just to be contrary .
` ` there is n't a damn thing sam has n't bought me , including this brand new suv .
it was the hottest damn thing max had ever seen .
she could use any damn thing she wanted , anything he had .
every damn thing she does turns me on .
and one thing she 'd always coveted was bangles .
there are also some beautiful things i 'd like to see in my father 's country . ''
there is n't a thing in this lot that is n't designer - made and horribly expensive . ''
but travis had just decided that white underwear with cute pink bows was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen .
there was very little need for expensive sports cars in this area , and it was probably the only thing that was available in the small town .
yanking it over his head , he pulled the stupid thing down to cover the waistband of his jeans .
i hated the grimy string that held the thing in place , just like i hated the little valance curtain that hung above the kitchen window .
i 'd completely fucking forgotten bookmarking that site on this fucking thing .
the whole ` ` carol , hold my calls '' thing was just for show .
that was a thing that people wore .
that kind of thing went out of fashion a couple decades ago .
but when he went to get some more supplies , some tools so we could build taller turrets and really make that thing into the grandest castle that had ever been built - he never came back .
flushing deeply , i dropped it back into the bag and reached for the last thing .
it 's obviously not at all what i ' m looking for - the cover has a close - up of a man buttoning his cufflinks , and somehow , with the whiskey swirling in my belly , it 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life .
` ` that 's the thing you exchange for goods and services , right ? ''
too much of a hassle to unbutton the whole thing , i suppose .
he did n't recognize the man , but he must be the real thing if he 'd made it past security .
johanna muttered , ` ` i ca n't believe i let you put me in this thing . ''
` ` that thing he put on the door . ''
i never had a goddamn thing .
the thing was closer to a golf cart on steroids .
i punched the elevator button repeatedly , trying to make the thing move faster .
the plush , roomy thing seemed out of place in a hospital .
i could tell her mattress actually looked like a mattress instead of the uncomfortable pallet thing they usually have in hospitals .
his briefcase was discarded unceremoniously as he circled the thing .
he went to the padlock and shook the thing , sending a metallic whirring and rustling in through my open window .
` ` i remember when my grandfather built that thing . ''
` ` i was noticing things around this place .
it was n't a bulky thing but it felt heavy .
` ` i ' ve got this thing .
i braced myself on the desk , glaring at the thing with disdain .
* * * * i leaned back in my swivel chair , the thing making a squeal that used to drive me batty .
the only thing that stood between me and total nakedness my underwear .
the icy temperature turned my nipple into a tingling , ultra - sensitive thing and he leaned in , holding it still as his lips gripped mine .
i turned to her and held still while she pressed the cool thing against my forehead .
` ` do you know how much i want to take your hand and stuff it down my panties and show you how hot the idea of the two of us on that thing makes me ?
she reached for the frankenstein - like thing and did me a solid by not holding it gingerly between two fingers .
she spun in a circle and swiped a nearby chair , managing to squeeze the wicker thing between the two of us and completely ignore my existence .
i did n't say another word as i let him untie the side sash of my blouse , then undo the final button holding the thing together .
i 'd always be camped out on this thing .
i stopped in front of the wooden thing , reading his name in perfect letters on the metal placard .
i made him work for the underwear , hooking both sides of the thing and slowly pulling it down and off .
a crazed - looking thing that would have made the joker run for cover .
i got the same thing i always ordered .
i rooted myself in place , fighting the urge to bring the wrinkled thing to my nose and inhale her scent , to hold it in my arms and- and what ?
i felt the weight of the thing in my pocket .
close enough that i could see all the ways he turned a shirt and tie into the sexiest thing is ever seen .
he 's shrugging out of his jacket , dropping that expensive woolen thing on the floor ( clean , thank god !
he practically has to exert to hold the damn thing down .
he knew how to woo a woman , to bend her to his will so he could do all manner of filthy things to her , but he did n't know the first thing about being a good father to a little girl .
there 's no way i 'll get aubrey 's carseat into that thing without ruining my back . ''
` ` possessive and yet he brings such a pretty thing here ?
she grabbed the first thing she could find of the clothes vince had brought to her and followed his lead .
not a single red or racy thing in there , she thought unhappily .
penny was n't sure that large thing was going to fit inside her body .
at her worst , she was a terribly nosey thing .
` ` nobody 's seen a thing . ''
` ` what 's this sexy lacy thing you ' ve got on ? ''
not only was he aj 's best friend , but he also happened to be the furthest thing from her type .
like the dumbass she apparently was , she 'd gone and opened pandora 's sex box , and now she could n't close the stupid thing .
most of the officers who met her thought she was the typical west coast blonde , complete with the dumb part , but garrett had only needed five minutes with the woman to know she was the furthest thing from dumb and typical .
she ought to be burning the damn thing .
matt caught the condom skillfully , unwrapped it , and had the thing on before annabelle knew it .
the damn thing hit the stack of dvds atop his dresser , sending the pile crashing to the floor .
he and the others had trained hours upon hours on this thing back when they were trainees .
truth was , she was the furthest thing from slutty .
he figured their situation could n't get any worse than it already was , so he shelled out two bucks a week , and every week , they did n't win a damn thing . ''
then he picked up his bottle and drained the whole damn thing .
hey , do you want to chip in and get the baby animal planet dvd thing ?
` ` that 's not the only thing about to burst , '' he grumbled .
` ` and i ' m officially never wearing this thing again . ''
man , she could bounce quarters off that thing .
` ` did jane get that lacy black mesh thing with the garter belt ? ''
he chugged the entire thing , then said , ` ` juice me . ''
no garden or flowers or bird feeders or any of the fun things she and the twins had put in their own yard .
the dark - haired seal reached for the plate of banana muffins shelby had brought out , grabbed one , and proceeded to shove the whole thing into his mouth .
claire sounded livid as she stared at the door , so intently it was like she was trying to use telekinesis to open the damn thing .
this ... this thing we have , it 's exactly what i need . ''
out of all of them , he 'd always been the furthest thing from a player .
he just hoped he would n't have to use the dang thing .
hey , do you know how to use this thing ? ''
he knew the second his piercing hit her sweet spot , because she cried out , her inner muscles clasping his c**k so tight he was surprised she did n't break the dang thing .
` ` a wee lil ' thing like her ?
are n't you afraid that thing is gon na get cobwebs and shrivel up from lack of use ? ''
in fact , it 's probably the only soft thing on his entire body .
my vagina is sort of a fickle little thing .
it 's the sexiest possible thing that you can wear . ''
cross ... you wicked thing .
he comes closer , and all of a sudden i notice that the thing he 's holding in his left hand is a tiny camcorder with a flashing green light on the front .
i want the damn thing , but i ' m not a smoker anymore .
instead of letting her wipe at my face again , i grab the thing from her and do it myself .
maybe david left the thing open .
` ` this thing work ? ''
i grab the first thing i see - a bottle of beer - and curse as i realize i ca n't twist the damn top off .
he paid me the same thing every month so i would have stability .
after strapping the thing onto her head , merri pushes the visor up and presses her back to the wall , getting in front of me and the bike .
i would pass the damn thing to her but i know i 'll lose my balance if i try .
` ` merri ... i ' ve got to get your hand out of this thing . ''
usually the concrete was pulled back via remote , but somehow he got the thing to slide , so of the 100 - someodd feet of rectangular swimming pool in the deck behind the brothel , i had about thirty to jump into .
by the time they take the damn thing out the next day at noon , i ' m feeling cagey and helpless .
and then i remember being chained to that statue thing ; the smoke ; and cross .
i grab the thing , flopping onto my back and holding it up over my face .
this is my money , my vacation house , and he wo n't get a thing after i divorce his cheating ass ! ''
i do n't know what to do with the damn thing .
i do n't want that thing .
he nods and i reach past him for my clutch , the only thing in reach when the fire started .
i ' m buttering the thing when i realize i ' m not sure how she likes it , and anyway ... did n't she ask me something ?
all of my new things were going to be delivered to my room the following day and asima and her team were going to take care of putting everything in its place .
i have n't packed a thing ! ''
take your things , these papers and go to the top floor , '' ms . green , the hr manager , said in a cold voice .
one was two small pieces of tofu in some dark sauce that was about the most delicious thing i 'd ever had .
` ` i ' m guessing this was the first thing you picked . ''
it was easily the most stunning thing sophie had ever seen .
the photograph was easily the most arresting thing in the office : the austerity of the room seemed designed to draw the eye to it , so looking at it had been a natural response .
` ` have you packed house bricks in this thing ? ''
they 'd probably made the damn thing .
` ` believe me , surf - boy , if this thing had bullets , i would n't think twice about shooting you right now . ''
chapter eleven ` ` so how are we gon na play this thing , english ? ''
` ` you know , it 's a crime to have that thing in here and not dance , '' she whispered , standing up , still holding his hand .
` ` do you know how to sail this thing ?
` ` how are we gon na play this thing , english ? ''
but dildos and sex toys can not ever be compared to the real thing and elroy wanted to do something nice for a change .
` ` we can go to dinner , go to a few clubs , check out the action , and we 'll be on the road again first thing in the morning . ''
he could n't take the whole thing into his mouth , but he could take enough of it to get himself off with his own mouth .
` ` go put on the pink thing you wore in those halloween photos you showed me .
i 'll go to the bank first thing . ''
in any event , it was home and it was the only thing treston could afford .
the one thing harlan owned he 'd cared the most about , the leather jacket , he 'd taken with him .
` ` you 'd better duct tape that thing down , bud .
but if i do n't get this thing in fast chickey 's going to kill me . ''
you 'd better pack that thing up tight or chickey 's going to fire your ass .
` ` if you like old dick , i ' ve got just the thing for you . ''
the tv was the only thing in the room worthwhile .
he still had trouble believing cooper had taken the entire thing .
it 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever given me .
instead , all he 'd found was the same old thing .
david asked with a raised eyebrow , and without waiting for an answer left the area , walking to the closet where the various props were kept , returning with the things christian had requested .
i missed seeing your face first thing in the morning , and i want that to be the first thing i see every morning and the last thing i see at night . ''
brad smiled at richie and said to toby , ` ` i wonder how that thing got stuck in there .
you 're a sweet little thing .
you really are amazing with that thing . ''
the contents of the boxes in my room did not include black witch - like dresses , or anything remotely resembling such a thing .
i scanned the river 's edge for signs of a water - logged notebook , but saw nothing that resembled such a thing .
it was waving at me in the stiff breeze , as if to ask if i remembered the last time i 'd seen such a thing .
you think you re a real badass on that thing , do nt you ?
i do nt think i m a badass on this thing .
well start first thing tomorrow .
but the most intriguing thing in her room was taped to her wall above her bed .
the damn thing weighed a ton , but was fairly decent sounding .
i am lucky i did nt kill myself in that thing .
then as we were leaving the park that day , they sold us that picture in a little plastic looking glass thing .
this damn thing took steven one time and would nt give him back .
unfortunately , mr . price wants the interview done first thing in the morning so i had to get a hold of you right away .
everyone gathered their things and took one last sip of their coffees then stood up to leave .
but last night he returned to the party and went up to the open bar , first thing .
` ` you certainly are a pretty thing , are n't you ?
angus i was halfway through my second coffee in what was supposed to be an upmarket breakfast caf type thing , when my mobile started vibrating .
i had just managed to click my seatbelt into place , when i had to unclick the damn thing again .
i was rooting around in the kitchen cupboards and the fridge , and had located bacon and eggs and bread , and was just about to start frying it all up in a monstrous black skillet type thing i d found , when someone said , you must be mark .
i seriously have no idea how i managed not to drop that thing on my foot .
a while ago you pissed me off , saying that you wanted me to show you where that place is , so that you could go there to get that thing , but now you re only wasting my time .
after making her bed and packing up some things she had left out of place , she moved to the wardrobe .
she leaned over the table in the direction of joshua , so that he could admire her deep neckline , and said to marina , hey , annoying thing , i dropped a glass of juice on the table and it needs to be cleaned .
` ` have you had that thing in your pocket your whole life or something ? ''
setzer made sure his things were in the proper places .
is there any better aroma than hazelnut coffee first thing in the morning ?
to her knowledge , the most un - cool thing he d worn was that awful pair of swimming trunks , but she did nt mind those because they made her smile .
i hate riding in this thing , angle said .
she described the lovely wedding they had , and the fancy things he had bought her , showing them the bottle of perfume as proof .
it was dark , and since he had no idea where herr meyer would put such a thing , he had to grope .
its that rather pointy green thing , am i right ?
i see all these little buildings ... all these little dots moving in the water , and this green pointy thing .
you touch that thing , delilah said in an eerily calm voice .
you poor thing , caitlin said .
even as manhandled as she was , this anya du azarmon was a pretty little thing .
techno music is just not my thing .
they had a gps thing on your car , so they tracked it and by the time we all got there , the car was in shambles and you guys were all trapped .
liam nods , ` ` he did , and were going to leave out first thing in the morning . ''
` ` do i want to know how much this thing cost ? ''
` ` how many rooms does this thing have ?
i had that thing sewed up until you took mr . whiskers home and gave him a makeover .
even on cars without the extra pedal and the shifty thing .
he finally left , with the promise to return first thing in the morning .
hell , larry , get that thing out of my face .
i had seen a lot of this sort of thing in the parking lot , but not quite this glossy .
we got us some hipity - hop , or pop , or some damn thing .
and my wrapthat thing was expensive .
he was wearing the same thing as the hospital .
as he turned on the grill , jon made a mental note to talk to his father first thing in the morning .
i ' ve got just the thing for you . ''
` ` almost forgot the darn thing , '' he muttered .
the blasted thing was on .
i just need help zipping this thing up . ''
the guy sure did not miss a thing .
` ` you know better than that ; you told me you were going to call wyman first thing in the morning . ''
why do you think i knocked the thing out of your hand ? ''
a lot of things looked different than when she had left the area twelve years before .
this area has grown and changed a lot since i left , but there are several things i want to see again while i am here , mandy explained .
a sweet young thing like you should nt have to do hard physical labor .
champagne , adolfo and none of that cheap cava crap , the real thing if you do nt mind .
i thought it would be just the thing for a cold day .
` ` yes pretty much everything , oh except this rap thing , ca nt seem to make head nor tail of that boom boom boom thing , '' he said , with a laugh .
then it was more of a take a chance whenever it came along , sort of thing , up some side street or behind a bush in the park .
as he lay on the carpet cursing the day the maureen had ever bought the damn thing as a present for him .
that does not look a bit like the one i had dawn mine only had two heads , one at each end , this thing has three and one of them is in the middle .
she might even throw it at him that it was all a load of sour grapes or some thing like that , because she had brushed him aside for somebody else .
the real thing shimmered twenty feet away from the elegant ruin , but it marked a spot of little visual import , a bush , a stretch of mud like any otherexcept for the pocket of old space hiding behind it .
the sigil was a simple thing to undo .
a surge of power and the binding fell apartthe box became a normal thing again .
she held up the desiccated thing .
shed seen gang leaders wearing their tags before , and never once felt this , this physical aversion to the thing .
shed ripped the blue cloth from her hair the moment she entered , flopped onto one of the stools and fumed at it , only barely resisting the temptation to toss the thing into the flames .
chapter fourteen she met vane at the inn first thing in the morning .
his men hollered from a far corner , and vane made a show of holding out his medallion , of waving the thing in front of himself as if it were a magic magnet instead of exactly the opposite .
he snatched the thing away and , when she crumpled this time , he let her sink to the stones in a heap .
maera already perched on the top of the thing .
she ended up on her knees , flailing for balance and leaning way too far out over the edge of the thing .
you take that hideous thing off your skull this instant .
her nineteen years had given her enough growth to keep the thing out of his reach .
he leapt up and snagged the thing , casting a glance toward his buddies before hitting the boards again .
then i saw that atrocious thing on your finger .
your watch , rings , necklace , earrings , that kind of thing .
i do nt like chocolate , so just eat the damn thing and shut up .
dressed in black jeans , turtleneck sweater , and a leather bomber jacket that looked like the real thing , david appeared rested , healthy , and properly fed .
as he rolled away gasping in pain , i picked up the torch , taking a second to blind him with it then ran , frantically trying to turn the thing off .
all that mattered now was getting the thing into the right hands and surviving .
if you 're that concerned , the keys for this thing are back in the house with my purse .
the center 's entire future falls on the outcome of this little game , and i ' m not going to let my own weakness destroy the thing my dad worked so hard to build .
you 're a feisty thing , he tells me .
its the first real thing i ve ever built .
ill go home , but ill be here first thing in the morning .
hey , sweet thing , called a man in a passing wagon .
if you saw me first thing in the morning , she shook her head , oh , never mind .
nathan and jerry went to work first thing monday morning , harvesting the corn with a horse - drawn sled cutter , spending long hours in the field .
its a shape shifter thing .
yes , but it made this thing .
i said as i stood up and looked around for the brochure thing .
the bottom was weird it was this bikini thing the was held together on the sides with the same looking gold rings .
there was a futon mattress in there , along with a toliet thing , a bucket of water and a bucket of bread .
i found a small knife and a little bowl looking thing , i took them and i walked over to the chair that sat a few feet in front of aaron .
well , jesse thought it was the cutest thing ever and he loved it .
he s the sweetest thing , where d you get him , i want one .
i was still seeing things , maybe one thing every two or three days but that was it .
he was right , everyone loved the thing , i suppose it was good that he bought it , it gave everyone something to do .
but what immediately grabs my attention is that there s one streak of color on the whole thing .
that s not the only thing that s ready to burst .
the poor little thing had been starving for a woman 's touch .
i have my own job back in london and as soon as we can get this thing sold , i 'll be going back to it . ''
chapter twelve if he puts that thing in my mouth , i swear to the gods of the day moon , ill bite it off !
i have to admit , at first i was extremely embarrassed at the idea of even wearing that thing to the game , much less prancing up and down the halls at school all day long with it on .
hey , do nt pull that thing down !
she goes on to fix her bowl of cereal in complete silence while slamming things around -- the refrigerator door , the cabinet doors , and even slamming the cereal box all over the place whenever the opportunity presented itself -- as we all sit and watch .
you got ta teach me how to use this thing .
i have just the thing for you , she says in a silly voice , gracefully gliding and twirling around my bed with her arms outstretched as if she s a ballerina .
he put his heart and soul into fixing it up in the beginning , spending countless hours rebuilding the whole thing from bumper to bumper , including the engine .
with her consent , they made copies of the entire thing and started making plans to present it to the school board .
i think you should , this thing is awesome .
as luck would have it , i have just the thing to turn her frown upside down at the moment .
as he storms out , he unwraps the cheese and shoves the whole thing into his mouth just before disappearing into the hall .
you know how much he paid for this thing ?
butno joke intendedthis thing could seriously sink .
it was plain blue , not some frilly thing , the kind that went around your waist , with perfectly sized pockets to tuck pens , order pads , and whatever else needed to be stored away .
listen , it was hard toting that thing in here .
using it first thing tomorrow , even before i have my coffee .
such a silly , little thing , but so feminine that he had to watch her for those moments before backing the car out of the parking spot .
can i accidentally slip out of that thing ?
hell , i was imagining keying the damned thing as i was walking over here .
if she had nt seen alex tanner in a towel just that morning , she would have sworn that this burger was the sexiest thing she 'd ever laid eyes on .
that thing has been going off practically non - stop since you fell asleep , alex said .
like you 'd be seen in that thing , she said .
three months ... okay ... three weeks of near starvation , just to fit into the damned thing , and that son - of - a - bitch ruins everything .
let 's be realistic , she said , lifting up the heavy thing to get a better look at it .
i do nt even know why you planted the damned thing here .
` ` damn paige- you almost brained me with that thing ! ''
` ` would you mind putting that thing down ? ''
jeez , paige , you need to have this thing painted .
no , maybe ill paint this thing someday .
it did nt escape her notice that the thing landed in the old red brick lined burn pit .
as usual , the thing promptly stopped ringing as soon as my fingers touched the casing .
i remembered then , the chin - push thing jay had shown me at the wimpy .
the vet cleaned him and medicated the area , then gave me one of those bowl things to go around his neck .
well , its a he , like i said , and he has to wear that bowl thing for ten days .
i heard the sound of his bowl thing hit a wall and i had to cover my mouth to hide the laughter .
he ate at my place , but the poor thing must have been starved .
so here i was , having her assist me in a robbery , albeit the thing was getting destroyed anyways , but that was beside the point .
why did i steal this thing ?
what is that thing on his head ?
a new nurse , a male , was checking my temperature with that ear thing .
but it feels like the kind of thing you should be drinking in a house like this .
( i saw it again years later and thought it was the most god - awful stupid thing i d ever seen in my life . )
he had a computer before anyone else i knew and he spent an unhealthy amount of time on that thing .
` ` we 'll leave first thing in the morning , but we will take your offer . ''
she sure was a pretty thing .
this thing was bigger than three people .
the whole thing was off .
those bastards have mia and you ve smashed up the only thing i ve got to be able to get in touch with her again .
after i plug the thing in , i think of how i m going to walk out and face neil .
is nt that s the sweetest thing ever ? !
that s the only thing that will ever get that stain out .
the whole thing stank of a cover up .
ill start a search of the woods first thing in the morning .
a piece of paper out of place or a drawer not left in the same half opened position ; little things that would have gone unnoticed by almost anyone else .
have a seat , she said , pointing to the only chair in the room , a small delicate thing , sitting in front of its matching vanity .
its the most beautiful thing i will wear today , i said , hardly believing my eyes .
it was the most beautiful thing i had ever worn .
the flowers bloomed around them ; the grass began to grow beneath their feet , even the great tree stood taller ; all things making itself its most beautiful in witness of such a great love .
i had no control of the blasted thing and leave it at that .
following isabels lead , alma grabbed the first thing she saw , a lamp .
the thing was nearly bursting with books of all sizes .
he could give the joker a run for his money with that thing .
move one inch and ill shove this thing right out the other side of you .
i had to go to my aunts place to get the last of her things .
meaning i d have to squeeze into this thing and be terrells arm candy for the night .
there was no doubt in my mind that this thing had been sent specifically for me .
patches of burnt skin sloughed onto the ground , exposing muscle and cartilage , but the damn thing still stood .
he knelt on the rug beside me and pushed the fluffy thing away .
tess had gone to new york first thing this morning and i was security for some top ceo ... mr young , he was middle aged and was very up himself .
maybe even select a handful of rooms to get more of a high - end look , so those looking for that sort of thing will have it as an option .
could nt be that difficult to get the blasted thing on .
frank and i are the only ones who know how to open the thing and we ve been sworn to secrecy .
it had taken him thirty minutes to get the damn thing off of her .
the only thing in the one room shack , besides the pot - bellied stove , was the stack of boxes .
it felt like he d superglued his hand to the damn thing .
jonathan ripped the hateful thing off and squinted against the glare of sunlight on snow .
do you have any idea how hard it is to mount a horse or wash dishes or even get dressed with this thing ?
damn thing is not very reliable , keeps cutting out .
they had plans to head out first thing in the morning .
first thing in the morning , he would come clean .
his forehead had been covered with a white , square bandage earlier , but after leaving the hospital , it had been the first thing he d discarded .
anna snorted in laughter , barely able to mimic her father 's tone , ` ` if i ' m paying fifty bucks a plate for that thing , you better send damned near the whole veal out here . ' ''
i hate that you are so energetic first thing in the morning , she said to the cat .
then she braided the entire thing into her own hair .
in the back of the drawer i had a bottle of ambrosia , the only thing that would help me .
well are you going to read that damn thing or not ?
we got back to the house in the middle of the night only to see the entire thing had gone up in flames .
i do nt owe her a damn thing !
it was the only thing around her on this godforsaken ship that was clean .
i am almost certain she would not hesitate to use that thing .
as lynna and malinda watched he inserted a loop knot over his middle finger and tossed the thing downward .
he was wearing a green checked sports coat with things sticking out of various pockets .
actually , that s one thing i forgot to bring .
what s this thing called a compass ?
on impulse , she took out the copy that lonnie had given her , and read the whole thing one more time .
while saundra hauled things out of her tent , jenni pulled the tarp over the rope strung between trees again .
kevin , matt said , can fly that thing anywhere , anytime .
caleb learned to cook early on in their marriage , once he d grown tired of eating spaghetti , the only thing she could make .
abby , put the damn thing on .
abby eyed the thin strip of material , trying to figure out how to put the thing on .
grateful that fridays were her least busy school days , abby gathered the kids she needed to take to the pickup area , having them grab their things along the way .
he d already gotten it to his waist and dropped the towel next to his shorts when she finally got the stupid thing past her hips .
she did nt care if it pinched , there was no way she was peeling this thing off and trying to squeeze into another .
throwing her things on the coffee table , abby strolled down the hallway toward her bedroom .
since it would take a moment to get the thing to turn on , caleb decided to jump in the shower .
in this old thing ?
dani grabbed a large suitcase - looking thing and brought out an arsenal of nail products as she sat on the floor by the table .
and make it the strongest thing we have in this place .
and i really doubt you got this thing from this library , i ' ve been through most of the books here ... especially on this subject . ''
did this thing look human ?
i whisper into my phone , almost too terrified to hold onto the thing .
they start moving things , making things fall over , that sort of thing .
they start moving things , making things fall over , that sort of thing .
what is a pretty little thing like you doing out here ?
even the inventors of the thing , do they know the difference ?
how could you build such a thing ?
vincent just took the thing ?
just holding the thing makes me very uneasy .
the fact that you re a keeper and this thing is a sirenits interesting .
that thing is huge !
mrs . harker promised that the evening gown would be ready first thing the following morning , and she would get right on the other things once the social was over .
ill be there first thing in the morning , he promised .
that s a difficult thing to come by these days .
you ignore me then and hit neal on the arm in the same way you had hit me moments ago : where did you get this thing ?
put it in the truck or leave the damn thing .
i would have opened the window but the damn thing is jammed .
he would then spend many hours in his bedroom trying to master the skills needed to get a decent tune out of the thing .
` ` computer '' they laughed ` ` that 's the first thing they would have taken here , they have a good second hand value and would be able to shift it very easy '' .
who s going to fly this thing ?
where did you get this thing ?
let this thing cool down , he said .
its an ugly , ol thing , really , he said , almost embarrassed .
will you turn that thing off for a minute and come and say hello to lee .
you ve got the real thing .
scott had run the gauntlet when he d arrived first thing , and had to do it again as they left for melbourne park shortly after lunch for a practice session .
scott joined him at the table , moving the untouched glass of whisky to one side , along with a crumpled envelope which was the only other thing on the table .
and heres the thing , mica thomas .
the creepy thing was still staring into space .
she sure is a peppy thing .
you brought that damn thing with you ?
this whole thing had exploded like an enormous atom bomb , and now pieces of shrapnel were everywhere .
when we see things after wearing the green spectacles in front of our eyes , all the things , which we see , appears accomplished with a green coloured shade .
was she the only girl to him and was all these because of that silly thing ?
yet the first thing you bring me after not seeing each other for months is dessert ? ''
he had a car pick her up first thing this morning .
its like this big thing hanging over your head , reminding you of what went wrong , of what you ve lost , of what you still think you could keep .
i never could figure out how to turn the damned thing on .
rocky bluff , virginia was a tiny town with a population of less than 1000 humans and the best thing the sapphire lake had for shopping not counting the city of roanoke another hour away .
the entire thing was worked in white gold and contained several shimmering semi precious gemstones .
she jumped up and ran into the cabin , pulling on the first thing she could find , a sweatshirt , slacks and a pair of mismatched shoes .
thankfully , the rest of her things were in the trunk , and she had stuck her cell phone in her back pocket before she went inside .
she stopped behind the one with tight curls on the top of her head in an ugly hair thing .
well , o - captain - my - captain , you said to report to you first thing in the morning .
there were sapphires mixed in , and she knew this must be the same type of thing she was working on .
some giant art book machine ... thing .
nearly an entire rainforest went into making the thing .
it was the same type of thing judy had passed around already .
krista offered to unplug the house phone for him , but abbey would notice , even though she never used the thing , and cause a big stink .
she smiled sheepishly and turned the thing off , but for some reason , my bad , did nt erase seans look of death .
i gasp as things fall into place .
restock your supplies as a thank you for clearing up our infestation and leave first thing in the morning .
were leaving first thing in the morning , vaughan instructed , ignoring what was happening between his brother and my friend .
the barrel was cartoonish it was so big , and the entire thing weighed at least twenty pounds .
finally the glorious thing made a bell noise and light flashed from the screen !
there used to be these things called fake ids and minors would use them to get into places like bars or clubs and- hush now , smartass , i placed my fingers over his lips , silencing him .
its this thing this thing that you re supposed to give to someone , not lose by accident and indifference !
vaughan had nt bothered to lock the thing so when he reached the passenger door he flung it open .
tess shook her head and bridget hurried on , but the thought that peter boot might be in the area made tess reluctantly begin to gather up her things .
anyway , the damn thing sputtered and died around castle hill , and we were towed back by a steam yacht and flung up on one of the piers like the catch du jour .
feeling like a bronco saddled for the first time , she resisted the urge to try to kick the thing off and said through gritted teeth , ` ` okaythe gown . ''
you mean the cowboy hats the real thing ?
and the perfect thing to make him stand out from the crowd .
she s confined to the nursery with an earache , poor thing , amelia explained , and she s very sad to be missing all the fun .
hang the whole bloody thing .
brody , use that thing on top of your neck , caleb swore at him .
no kaitlyn , i want to know why your sister would mark up her body with that thing just because of a man , and this man is obviously important to her , but she has nt told us about him ; so is she ashamed of him , or us ?
` ` okay , it was in this repository thing , then how did it get out ? ''
he really had a thing for his tongue , kevan thought , as her entire body convulsed with revulsion at him touching her with that thing .
yes , that thing , but now this horrid book is floating around out there somewhere .
please tell me that , kevan stuttered as she pointed to the tiny person standing on the back of calebs hand , thing did not just come off my shoulder !
yeah , like that fact really makes me excited about finding this thing . ''
` ` he was following something that was leading him to the grimoire , and we know that the only thing that he took from l'dern when he escaped was the samhain diary , which supposedly leads to the grimoire , '' kaitlyn spoke up .
and if this thing was on kaitlyn , someone could hear everything we were saying or doing ?
i know that i wo nt be able to stay still , so i m going to make your day , and get you to hold me , while ronan gets this thing off me .
tears flowed freely down her face , and she wondered if they would ever get this thing off her .
i ca nt wait until we see this repository thing ; it sounds so cool .
we go down that thing , and end up in a giant pool of molten lava !
what did this clue thing say ?
eve paused before she moved to step into the dungeon , praying that she could handle what she could possibly be seeing ; torture was not her thing .
as her hand passed over the edge of the table , the entire thing became engulfed in flames .
i have done all the research , and the only thing that will break the curse is the grimoire , and you are nt going to stop me .
they have such a thing ?
you re a sneaky thing , georgie bird .
that thing weighs a ton .
she s a pretty little thing .
i d ask for a couple of days off first thing tomorrow .
i m returning your call first thing .
what happened to the thing in your nose ?
it was fine , if you liked that kind of thing , the same blue as the shirt .
i ' m lovely , the prettiest thing since princess di .
they could cut and trim and implant and become almost indistinguishable from the real thing .
let 's go back to your place to ask your dad and get your things together .
you could hurt someone with that thing , i said .
chapped and smudged and ash - stained , nikki was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
i do n't like having that thing in here , charlie muttered .
i did , however , manage to find a few things for the holes in my shelves : a pretty pottery bowl i d gotten as a thank - you gift for some training in tucson , some green glass votive candle holders ( probably from ikea ) , and a postcard book of ansel adams photographs i got on a business trip to california .
so i took the first thing i was offered at a job fair my senior year .
the kitchen was the one area we had finished unpacking , and it was true , dave was a far more experienced cook than i was and had a lot of nice things .
darshana yes , but i am not a thing to be used , sherry even i want my own parking .
when rinishas sister told her that everyone will laugh at sherry he thought that she is taking a revenge from rinisha because she have nt got her love and she do nt want rinisha to get the same as from childhood rinisha get all the things which her sister have nt enjoyed , but everyone is free to think if rinisha would have said truth everything will be remain same and all would be happy same happened with darshana her parents deny for her new boyfriend and darshana just said ok but with the truth so the whole thing is the answer who was the right one in all of the four : - darshana who can talk anything to a boy like sherry will she disclose that she is the girl in this book whenever she is getting married in words of sherry she can ask for divorce in a better way .
i forgot i have this thing .
and what is that thing in her lip ?
i just thought since you lugged that thing in with you .
you start shadowing me first thing in the morning .
the color matched her loose dress perfectly , but what was underneath that shapeless thing intrigued me more .
last chance , sweet thing .
she must ve seen the indecision on my face because she positioned herself between the ipod and me , ensuring i d have to reach around her to shut the bloody thing off .
well then , sweet thing , looks like you re out of luck .
the only pretty thing i d brought was a camisole for sleeping , and i threw on my little white cotton shorts with it .
the tiny library was the only thing in this town besides the church that held any interest for me .
i utilized the dumb bubbly thing at work .
i kept clicking through page after page , and i started to think he was only a figment of my imagination , my mind providing the thing i d most needed at the exact time i d most needed it .
of course he d noticed my mothers gold - leafed china was nt the kind of thing you put into the dishwasher .
and art , he said as he looked at the one thing on the wall .
well , at least she brought her blue dress , the only half decent thing she owned .
it was the only thing in this room that she had paid for .
he had to swallow his pride and admit that this thing was much more magical than he had first assumed .
that thing was glowing last night !
you want me to get on that thing ?
i took a moment to be appropriately horrified that liam had brought me these and then plucked out a fresh dress and a fresh , uh , underwear thing from the bag .
you were such a tiny thing , all cheeks and curls .
if i had nt found it in this room , i would ve assumed it was some fancy overcoat thing .
it was the perfect thing if i needed to look presentableor at least presentablish in a limited space of time .
stupid thing quit working .
he d have to pay the bill first thing in the morning .
i like sitting next to you , but isaac could use a booster instead of that big hulking thing you ve got him strapped in .
this thing tops out at 55 miles per hour and can be controlled from a hundred yards away .
i want to see how well this thing holds up in a crash .
he removed the thing from her hair and ran his hand through the silken tresses .
take this thing off .
sometime ago , when i was trying to back up a trailer man , i had that thing so jackknifed .
shut up and show me how to work the waffle thing .
joni had lent her a flimsy nightgown , but cindy had nt worn the thing .
` ` you 'd be better off pulling the whole thing up and replacing it . ''
he was almost glad she did n't peel the damn thing the rest of the way off , although he could n't help but wonder what she had on underneath it .
i wonder if this thing is part piranha .
it took me a while to learn how to handle the darned thing .
it was laughably awful and she wondered what archive luke had raided to secure the thing .
ha , do you know how many times people have played on the eilish , the irish thing ?
my couturier tells me it is the latest thing from the continent , and i plan to wear it to the royal international horticultural exhibition in may .
to make maddys first day easier , paris had labeled the pastries and cooking times on those placed in the freezer , labeled the cabinets where things went , set aside coffee beans for each maker and written , good luck !
fangs , glowing eyes , the whole thing .
we already know what were doing with half the place , she should just let us start tearing things apart already .
how would this thing deliver a calf ?
one good bump and you 'll fly right off this thing .
` ` i have the thing you need , and this little old lady will help you . ''
she 's been sleeping in that thing for nearly three weeks now , taking care of you ! ''
the kitchen was in shambles , the stove the only thing still in its place .
let me get this thing off you . ''
` ` stop and let me out of this thing . ''
what kind of earthquake is this thing ?
or how about i can take yours pretty thing ?
her free hand grabbed the closet thing to it , gripping tight , until she realized that thing was sterlings knee .
she looked off at some of the plants and things .
after a moment spencer turned around as he always did and whispered : if you would ride the bus , you know , that big yellowish thing that comes to the end of everyones road every day , then you could get to school on time ; grab a pop and come to class only five minutes late like normal people .
now rebecca , my best friend in the whole wide world , you have to hook me up with that thing next class .
the damn thing , like everything else , only worked sporadically .
she should have bought that safari hat with the mosquito net even if it was the dumbest looking thing in the world .
frustrated , she dumped the whole thing on the tent floor .
starved to death , poor thing .
he tried again , approaching the problem from a different angle only to have the whole thing give way .
she pulled on the first thing she found , a long kimono dress , and raced for the front door as simon knocked for the third time .
does he have someone steering this thing ?
it held two items : a flashlight and pepper spraytwo things he knew i d need to feel secure .
that sort of thing ought to stay in the room .
a call - in thing for a weekly show .
her pout was probably the most adorable thing i d ever seen , though .
it was something eric had given me years before , just a silly little thing .
i gasped at the contact and grabbed the first thing i could reach with my free hand to support myself .
so heres the thing , zee .
ill call sam doherty , the serendipity store manager , first thing in the morning .
shed never seen wooden floors , box - like things that held utensils , and more wood around the apertureswindows , they were called .
and turn that thing off .
she wore a pink slip of a thing , the kind she loved to sleep in .
just because i became nauseous after eating that thing called a burrito , does nt mean we should nt try their sustenance .
ah that thing said just me .
i saw it on their computer thing .
the thing was metal , sleek and had a trigger - like mechanism .
helen stood and crossed to the bag of things shed bought when she purchased the fruit .
jesus , what was that clingy thing she had on ?
she herself wore a baby pink dress - like thing , with ruffles around the bottom and poofy sleeves .
her hands went to the crazy thing they called a belt .
picking it up , she tried to open the thing but it was locked .
leaning over him , she turned on the remote thing shed used on jesss ankle and ran it over his shoulder .
he waited until they were in the hallway , locked the door , then walked away carrying a chip - like thing called a flashdrive .
she had a sixth sense about scum like him , but she did nt have a thing to pin on him .
while it was fitted on his broad shoulders and then tapered to his slim waist , the whole thing bagged on her , the v of the neckline leaving one shoulder bare .
he knew he would nt read the goddamn thing .
do you think i m a bitch in heat and your dick is the only thing that can offer salvation ?
listen , if we get stuck , i can pick this thing up and get us out .
you have facetime on that thing ?
i fumbled with the lock a little bit , but eventually got the damned thing off .
he hoisted the damn thing next to the valise and then turned to help her onto the plank seat .
a place for you to store all your girlie things .
the only thing visible was a wall of mirrors , currently obscured by a cluster of girls admiring their reflection .
you have to pay for this thing ?
putting it under the little pump thing , i pressed the buttons to make the coffee come spitting out of it .
i jumped back and harvey laughed , placing the long black feather in a weird , pouch thing .
then i carved kat and dans name on a small bit of wood from the pile we kept in case we needed to carve things for spells such as this one .
does this weird potion thing stop you from getting to judgment ?
but she complied , rubbing some smelly brown mud thing into my wrist and putting the brace on my wrist .
she took in our confused looks and tapped the leather band around her wrist , showing us the thing we desired the most , yet it was just out of our reach .
chapter twenty - one matt bethany connor smiled and tapped the leather band around her wrist , the thing that we needed to get out of here .
be careful with that thing !
basically , she wore her usual black colours but with neon gloves and a neon see - through tutu thing .
i do nt know how to use this thing !
she wore a putrid scowlprobably the only thing shed ever worn twiceas she took in the living quarters her daughter would have to endure .
she followed me to the oversized bed in the center of her rounded tower room and watched me place her things on top of it .
you know , its a trip seeing you with that thing on .
he snatched the thing up , which was almost as big as he was , and bobbed his head at me a couple of times .
i d only ever used the thing infrequently , but i d worked with computers before lizzie came into the world , and knew my way around them .
all the girls used fake names , most of them were tacky : destinee , lotus , candy that kind of thing .
i ve got a rubber , he added , holding up the thing he d retrieved from the drawer just seconds before .
he was in a hurry , seeing as a storm was coming , and had to make an adjustment but dint want to waste any time stopping the thing , and he d got right up in it while the blades was running , and it rolled right up over the top of him and spit him out in a 500 pound bale of alfalfa .
just like when i was learning to play the trombone , i d practice and practice n practice awful hard till my daddy yelled at me to take that fool thing out in the soybean field !
cuz no matter how hard i practiced , no matter how much heart i put into my practicing , i just could nt make myself no better at playing the thing .
ms . singer then proceeds to pass out a bunch of condoms from her purse i declare , that thing was a regular condomcopia !
it was just something down in my gut , so i climbed out the window and padded across the yard in my undies and the tee - shirt my mama and peter brought back from their trip to florida , one of them stupid things that says , my mama went to orlando , and all i got was this stupid tee - shirt , that was supposed to be funny but was really more hurtful than i can say cuz every time i wore it , it minded me of my mama and daddy goin off in different directions and me being thrown out and living with my two crazy granmas , bless their hearts , who i loved dearly , but still were nt my mama and daddy , but i wore the damn thing anyway ( scuse my language ) , kinda wrappin myself in the last rag end of my raggedy - ass family .
it was just something down in my gut , so i climbed out the window and padded across the yard in my undies and the tee - shirt my mama and peter brought back from their trip to florida , one of them stupid things that says , my mama went to orlando , and all i got was this stupid tee - shirt , that was supposed to be funny but was really more hurtful than i can say cuz every time i wore it , it minded me of my mama and daddy goin off in different directions and me being thrown out and living with my two crazy granmas , bless their hearts , who i loved dearly , but still were nt my mama and daddy , but i wore the damn thing anyway ( scuse my language ) , kinda wrappin myself in the last rag end of my raggedy - ass family .
it was close work on account of the pills being so tiny and my mama rumbling away on the bed like a saw mill , and i m standing there , not really knowing what i m going to do with these things , not having a clear idea of what i m planning to do , though somewhere in the back of my mind , i must ve seen clear through the trees to where i was headed , maybe just dint want to admit it to myself , would nt have come and out and said it , and would have denied it if you had said it , but there i was , in any event , standing in front of the dresser my mama inherited from her granma , digging through its drawers that was so crammed full of stuff you could nt get the drawers open -- my mama had her clothes and pictures of us when we were little and papers , just bills and receipts from years gone by , all jammed in there together -- and i was laying out the little pills on top of the dresser one little teeny - weenie pill for my pile , one teeny - weeny aspirin into the wheel .
` ` spose you 'll be needin help settin that thing up , '' he said .
in all my squirming an scootin to get out from under him i done push myself across the clearing on my back till finally he got me pressed upside the tree stump where i could nt move no farther , and he thinks he s finally got me and just as he s pushing in i reach up like to pull myself out of his way one more time and my hand falls on that thing he 's pushin at me .
another strobe was me yankin it outta his hans , an another strobe was me hitting him cross the head with it and it makin a loud thud like a screen door slamming , and him sinkin to his knees his jaw hangin open like a bull that s just bin poleaxd an with this look on his face like all of a sudden it curs to him he dint want to be doin this atall , but it was a revelation that come too late , because just when he s havin it , an then nother flash of the strobe and me runnin at him pushin that thing in his mouth with all my mite ... screemin an jammin it down his throat as deep as it kin go .
the whole thing broke off and fell to one side , nearly taking her with it as she almost lost her balance .
are you planning on going into the office first thing tomorrow ?
you re famous for having that thing strapped to your hip when a presentation is looming .
with trembling fingers i pull the thing out of the cabinet and almost sink to my knees .
the fucking thing wo nt stop racing , though .
i m not touching that thing , okay ?
in a swift and frankly mesmerizing motion he rips the singlet from his body , tearing the thing over his head to reveal a wall of muscle that flexes , each individual part of him working together as he moves .
on the inside i m clapping her courage as she slips the straps of her bra from her shoulders and pushes the whole thing down to reveal her breasts .
i plunge my hand into my bag and pull out the one thing i ve been waiting to use since i met her .
i flip the thing over in my hand so that i m palming the blade , and i close my fingers around the ferociously sharp edge .
i withdraw the knife and clasp hold of it hard one last time , enough so that i feel the metal dig in a little deeper , and then i throw the thing as hard as i fucking can .
i pick up the first thing that comes to hand and i launch it at him .
take that thing with you before it injures someone .
this was the only thing in the bag .
no ones running this thing , i see .
the damned thing continued to screech .
he just reached out and grabbed the first solid plastic thing he touched .
i packed my things and i m headed back over to my place .
by that point , clen was nt altogether certain shed be able to eat the thing , but she did nt share the thought with the old woman .
it fit perfectly , but then paul had a talent for that kind of thing .
she laughs , are nt you a pretty thing though .
he raked a hand through his hair , which was doing that sexy , spilling over his forehead thing it always did , as he approached the diner .
oh yeah , my grandpa joe helped us build this thing back in the eighties .
i swear i listen to that thing over and over for hours while i write our novel .
john hung their things on the coat tree .
there are nt any buttons on this ugly - looking thing .
i busied myself putting the flowers i d brought back with me in vases , unpacked the things the girls had brought to the hospital for me and then settled onto the sofa with a mug of coffee .
medusa hung a long sheet over the thing and left it in peace .
she considered tossing the beautiful thing away , but somehow could not bring herself to do so .
rosetta had snagged a bottle from her grandfather 's tequila collection and the thing was half gone by the time we got the party on the road .
that thing does nt seem safe for a pregnant woman to ride in .
here i am this big ugly fighter , and she s this tiny little thing .
how many rooms are in that thing ?
he used the first thing he thought of .
the damn thing felt like a noose .
that s the other thing , susan said , taking the flashlight from him .
neil raised a glance to the real thing and knew there was no chance of pretending the man in the photo was merely an ancestor of remarkable resemblance .
a scientist , an engineer , someone who can get these machines running right and help us test this thing in case winfield ca nt find his way back .
murmurs of poor thing from the huddled inmates made it clear the woman spoke no english at all .
we could probably find a cheaper reproduction , but i feel more comfortable with the real thing .
the one thing he had that would get him a little cash was the sterling silver card case his dad had given him after graduation .
he did nt think he d had any sentimental attachment to the thing .
lying on her side , she leaned off the bed to snatch up the gown , a cheap cotton thing that looked and smelled like it had been scrubbed with harsh detergent one too many times .
you know what the stupid thing is ?
we ve made him more conscious of losing the thing now .
the one thing her dad must have had with him on his journey to the future , the very key shed kept so long , held so often she knew its dimensions by heart .
neil turned expectantly to the top of the stairs and had to bite back an exclamation at the resemblance of the prototype to the real thing .
i will take you there , but you will report to me first thing in the morning , sir george commanded .
well go get your things and set you up at my place .
i have just the thing !
the thing was covered by flames in seconds as i leaned over the stove , and i screamed when i felt the heat near my leg .
i m sure this is the cleanest thing you own .
i would try to put on a fun face , but i was not into clubbing of any sort , as i always knew the thing from christian teen camps leave space for jesus and being fitted for a gown seemed like the highlight of the night to me .
oh , get this thing off me , she crowed .
she was a pretty , tan thing with a dark brown mane .
she says the diner here is just fine , and she orders the same thing every time .
even though i love her and she is a pretty thing , she looks so much like .
he saw the spots where someone had tried to do some patchwork , but in his opinion , the whole thing needed to be replaced .
she had to replace the filters on the thing two times a year , and since it was so old , she had to special order the filters from the local hardware store .
why was n't this thing replaced years ago ?
the thing is older than the hills .
he carefully carried the small thing to the front porch and laid it down on an old rug .
his father reached out and took the small thing from him .
ca n't this thing go any faster ?
the short jean skirt she wore was probably the most modest thing she was wearing that night .
he would just have to make sure the man was gone first thing tomorrow .
i ' m allergic to that thing .
i ' m marching down there right now and getting rid of that old thing .
there is n't enough room in this thing for two .
he 'd told her it was because he was staying there and wanted a decent cup of coffee and toast that was n't burnt , but she knew he was slowly spending her money on things that would make her life easier .
this thing is a fucker , he said .
it was adela , the first angel of death he had met when he d landed in the fringe , and she was the prettiest thing he had ever laid eyes on .
matts bedroll was empty , so he was up already and doing whatever cowboys did first thing in the morning .
staring at the cylindrical chamber melissa gaped , what is this thing ?
this thing is huge , he called .
her dad let her get her license and use some of her savings to buy that thing .
knowing him , he s writing her a sonnet or some corny thing like that , alexandra answered .
why are we hiding behind this big smelly thing ?
that thing was one of that terzini guys creations ?
yes , she said shed leave first thing this morning and she should have arrived hours earlier .
but you wo nt be able to drive this thing .
usually the bra was the first thing off , so why did she leave it on ?
maybe miss mollys worry jar thing had some sort of magical property after all .
cranes stood next to the thing , presumably preparing to unveil whatever was underneath .
i do nt know how to hold this thing .
lets get that wet thing off you .
he walked really slowly , worried that he might drop the precious thing .
` ` you think i ' m so important with this ring then why do n't you have this stupid thing ? ''
` ` then this thing 's not doing a very good job because he 's already tried that twice , '' i quipped .
besides , how are we going to get under that thing with it moving ?
` ` unless this thing gives me the ability to make roads into slip - n - slides then there is n't any way you 're getting - ah ! ''
vincent reached out and grabbed the muffler pipe , but the damn thing must have been made in china because it disintegrated in his hand .
the kids were finishing breakfast as laura went to find a laundry basket , the quickest thing she could think of to hold the assortment of things in the van .
i need to get some things in place for the kids ; they still have to come first , but , yes ; ill do everything i can to start monday morning .
besides this thing makes a rolls look like something off an assembly line .
how do i hold this thing ?
hello .. yes roger .. this thing is gaining speed .
she would make it a point to stop by his office first thing in the morning and see if his neck was bothering him , and it seemed every day he had some sort of problem with it that needed her attention .
he was well aware of what went on around the place , and he knew jack and franz often spent saturday mornings dismantling things so jack could learn what went on inside and how to determine a problem without having to always disassemble things ; even at the tender age of six , it was an invaluable education , although to jack it was simply entertainment .
i found this ol thing on the junk heap down by the old farm house , you know , where they found ol blue .
looks like the same thing i did when i tried it the first time .
and when you get that far , my friend , if you like engines , pop the hood on this thing and take a look .
i can put my class ring on my ring finger and wear it upside down so it looks like a wedding band , if you like , until i get the real thing .
franz said he had some weird things there , oh , and by the way , heres one more thing you ll need eventually .
i can see better than he can , and besides , he s busy playing with his thing , you know , that gps thingy , and his laptop , trying to figure out either where we ve been , or where were going .
umthats the thing .
at first , we worked together on the items on the list , but then we decided we could get things faster if we did our own thing for a while .
every single thing was perfectly arranged , and the dcor and immaculate design elements gave the house character ; the whole place was sleek and stylish to the core .
she 'd had the thing for years .
was there a housing registration office for vampires or some such thing ?
why did n't she just keep the damn thing on ?
` ` i mean this thing is old . ''
she almost popped out of her shirt or whatever that thing was called .
the towers easy triple the height of this thing in here .
i shifted slightly when i realized the silvery misty thing i saw against the beam had a rectangular shape in front of me .
none of spoke the ride home and back at brents place we gathered our things and said good night .
he pointed to an area with just a ladder with things lying on each rung .
i did n't appreciate the rudeness first thing in the morning .
i use the same thing to mask my blood .
i did n't care though because i was back in tallis 's arms , with a small towel being the only thing separating us .
the thing had scales .
he took that thing out .
the entire thing looked big enough to hold thousands of people .
its quite a learning curve , getting this thing off the ground .
i really wish you could levitate this thing or something , cheyenne says , grunting .
the strongest thing i ve found so far is the amethyst .
why was she wearing that skimpy little thing anyway ?
does that thing hurt your mouth ?
` ` we 're doing almost 60 mph and this thing does n't have airbags .
` ` i ca n't believe we made it this far in that thing . ''
` ` where 's the fuel filler thing ? ''
` ` take it easy in that thing , it looks like a death trap . ''
give me that thing . ''
` ` put the token thing in . ''
so toms thing turned out to be magic .
and sent the damn thing .
` ` the clients are jumping up and down for the paving stones ... '' ` ` you had it first thing this morning , '' said suzie hurrying upstairs to her sewing room and waking up her computer .
` ` one false move and the whole thing will go off ... '' as soon as she was sure no - one was watching , blanche eased the door closed , returned to her car and left the scene .
she liked the idea of parading before lyndon in a corset and stockings with a filmy lace thing over her shoulders , although she knew shed never really do it .
if she had to , shed make the whole thing from scratch but then shed have the additional task of distressing it .
the minute she 'd got her mother off the phone , suzie unplugged the wretched thing .
` ` why do nt you go and get the wretched thing right now ?
you could have parked the whole thing inside a phone box and still have had room to throw a party .
all that earned her was an unresponsive grunt , so she went on , ` ` he really needs this break , poor thing .
` ` not that she s pure - bred , poor thing , but she s mostly bichon .
` ` if you 're a writer , how come you 're driving that thing ? ''
years of practice made the temperamental thing release the tumblers .
so , they did a c - section , and the poor thing weighed only two pounds .
about the only thing she could afford , and still have a few dollars left over for traveling home , was a small salad .
how old was the thing ?
` ` yikes , that thing always makes me jump . ''
on the closet floor was a trunk containing the only things in the townhouse that were personal to him .
i unzipped my dress from collarbone to navel , grateful i 'd listened to dani and worn the sluttiest thing i owned .
the stupid thing ?
start figuring out what you want for the future , get organized , and finally start setting that thing called an alarm clock .
within a second of meeting the cherub , gail had instantly fallen in love and was already telling the poor thing to call her grandma .
not that flaccid thing your high - school boyfriend slipped inside you for ten seconds in the backseat of his daddys camaro .
she ducks lower , licking my balls , and then fuck , she takes one of the sacs between her lips and sucks the whole damn thing into her mouth .
i took it in my hands and gasped nearly dropping the thing onto the ground .
` ` i have this thing in l.a .
instead , she reached for the first thing she could finda music boxand hurled it at sams head .
of course , we did nt think it was necessary to tie the thing down .
you should have seen that thing fly out of my truck on the freeway .
two suitcases were nt the only thing she rolled into the cabinthere was also an ice chest filled with sandwiches , snacks , fresh fruit , and beverages .
and could nt take my eyes off the thing .
and , if you could imagine cobwebs hanging over the thing , you d have a good idea of the impression it had on me .
the thing looked old and beyond the point of resuscitation .
i did nt like the look of the thing he was holding either .
we all were , standing so close to this damn thing .
my intention was only to use the thing [ he motioned behind us , as if it were a compost heap in the living room ] as an energy source , unlimited by the way .
you ve probably guessed , the thing originally came to us from the gentle ageians .
michelle smelled a rat even before the thing was switched on .
i just wanted to see the blasted thing without magnification .
the jacket thing is a human invention we had to barter for when the eternal autumn began .
` ` if you go into your marsh or whatever you call that thing , you will see my ship should remain unharmed .
we will fish your hunk of alloy out of the swamp , get you and that thing cleaned up , and while you eat something , i can show you all kinds of nifty devices and things , '' zotom offered .
the store where she picked up the last of the things she thought she needed for college had novelty unicorns , that apparently farted candy corn , sitting on the counter .
* * * * * one last thing looking around her room once more before they left , scout made an internal inventory of the things she needed to bring with her .
then my phone rang , and she laughed , and the only thing that stopped me from crushing the damn thing as punishment for the interruption was that i loved to hear her laugh .
` ` i have just the thing . ''
i finally get the thing on and adjust the hem .
i jerk away but the shiny thing in his pocket is pulled out and discreetly aimed at my back .
my fingers grab the only thing handy .
and leave this pretty little thing to fend for herself ?
so you re the pretty little thing that s got drake acting like a fool lately , robert says with a grin .
there s a huge platter before us , a sampler of everything on the menu , and i have nt touched a thing .
after we load things into the trunk , i lean my head on the glass window and watch the world roll by .
the entire thing is soft pink and looks like it was pulled right out of a cloud at sunrise .
how can there be a curse on the damn thing , sweetie ?
heroics is not his thing .
the vamp that snagged him had made herself out to be a poor little widowed thing , all alone and with two darling children to raise .
carrie noticed the febreze stick and refresh thing attached to the lid of the trashcan and crinkled her nose at it .
put that thing away , beggar girl !
this thing was pretty convenient !
but we need to fix this thing , bob .
he rockets past sexy cowboy and then blows up the damn thing .
as you might see , there was nothing to do , so teens and children made things to play with , places to go , and dreams to build .
she s been a pretentious thing , with a case of primadonna - itis .
it was a little leather thing that momma had bought for me after i decided to keep the baby .
it was a cramped , old thing , but we had nt really cared .
she was an ocd person , not a thing out of place .
i mean , i know it looked like the real thing but surely they would n't the red stuff 's journey ended as droplets splashed from the tips of the fangs into two large shallow basins set beneath them .
she did buy one of the blow up bite bods , though , and a years order of nearblood , the vampires closest alternative to the real thing .
desi , i was so scared when i saw you in there with that thing .
on the contrary , i would nt throw out a pretty little thing like you , red .
but the damned thing has got to be broken .
does that thing work ?
there are some things in the cabinets , a few cleaning items under the sink , and the refrigerator is stocked with the basic items you might expect , jim reported after using his time to look over the place when keely excused herself to use the bathroom .
none of that changed the fact that she kept finding herself thinking of things to say to bryce or of things she wanted to show to bryce or of places she wanted to go to with bryce .
hell , this thing is nt even signed !
he finally decided on the big can out behind the house , though he d rather incinerate the thing than can it .
her hands shook so badly she could barely unfold the thing without tearing it , but when she did , she almost sagged in relief at what she saw there .
elliot held the thing in place for him as he worked .
it was the sort of thing shed always fantasized about , but had long since given up on finding for herself .
do nt worry , ill send your stuff out tomorrow morning first thing , okay ?
you do nt owe us a thing , chelsea .
do me a favor and listen to the whole thing before you break my face , okay , big fella ?
she started in surprise when she turned the thing and found no resistance .
lash wanted to pick up a few things from his place .
de lorean must have had the thing customized for rough terrain .
before she could relax though , flossie continued , you bring your skinny butt over to my place soon as you get off duty and get the damn thing outta my garage .
the sooner this thing was moved , the sooner the man would be away from her .
reaching for the huge oversized bullet proof vest , the only thing that would fit , she grimaced at putting it on and dealing with the heat .
taking stock of all the aches and pains , bay decided that it could have been worse , probably should have been worse , but the leg seemed to be the only thing broken .
at least this thing has a radio .
you know about this thing ?
i gathered my things and slowly rose .
it would have been even better to sit for half an hour with an ice pack on the damned thing , but i still had to get to work .
i was so angry i wanted to snub the stupid plastic boot just because i would n't have the damned thing if it were n't for jade , but i knew that was idiotic and i 'd only be hurting myself , so i put it on and left for work .
i 'll sleep in my car until a tow truck can come first thing in the morning and get me out of here . ''
caroline 's mind effectively blown , she finished her coffee and unpacked her things as she resolved to learn more about this mystery .
how did he load this thing again ?
you really had that thing buried .
one thing she could cross off her list of things she 'd hoped to see while down here this summer .
coolest thing ever !
it was the coolest thing i ' ve ever seen .
how the heck did you know this thing was under here ? ''
now for the fun part , add an entire bottle of orange vodka , a bottle of gin , a bottle of triple sec , a bottle of bacardi white rum , a bottle of tequila , an entire carton of lemonade , a carton of pink lemonade , a small bottle of orange juice , and to keep things authentic a couple of cans of coca cola !
* * * the following morning , joans alarm clock went off and she whacked it right off her nightstand , sending the poor thing flying across the room .
the kit was yet another thing dante would have to thank fred for .
why had alan made this thing so short ?
see , sage , that s the thing , he says with that crooked grin , and my stomach flip - flops like a beached fish .
melodys got this thing for norman reedus .
the waiter returns with a salad bowl the size of my head piled high with greens , the entire thing swimming in an herbal dressing that smells like heaven .
or maybe she s afraid it wo nt and figures its safer to blow the whole thing off than take the risk ?
the drivers a white guy with that weird bald ponytail thing that some old codgers try to pull off .
and we have to be at the audition first thing in the morning .
so you re in , but we need to meet first thing in the morning to discuss how to spin this for the press .
let me read this thing and make sure i m not missing something , but if you re telling me the whole story , your problem just got solved .
that was a very pretty thing .
chapter seven rather than sit through the tedious sunday morning brunchand end up driving back in late afternoon traffic with the rest of the weekend suburbanitesphelps and i headed back to manhattan first thing in the morning .
that thing was female ?
that thing under your arm .
and this , i said , finding the hanger and lifting it off the bar , is the first thing in .
the thing barely fit across my hips , let along cover oh no , i announced , i m not wearing this .
hey , where s that thing hidden , anyway ?
elinor put her cup down before she broke the thing .
who cares about that silly old thing ?
gaffney says that every single thing about this place is mediocre .
why had she worn this horrid old thing ?
yes , it is precisely the sort of thing mama would like .
it will be just the thing to distract mama from the fact that we are coming home with more than one new hat .
i spent too many years with men who wanted the nub of the thing and nothing else .
if it would nt be too inconvenient for you , could i come over to your house first thing in the morning ?
i think he knew about usabout me and the teamprobably saw the helmet thing before the game . ''
` ` did n't you say this thing has limited minutes ? ''
` ` i do n't know , maybe he has a knife to the girl 's throat or somethingyou know , ' get rid of 'em or she 's dead kind of thing . ''
there was now fresh hay from our barn there instead , but the whole thing still reeked from smoke .
then can you tell me which part of my body gives you the slightest hint that i m not just another hot thing for you to stare at ?
the waitress took one look at him and sighed , you ca nt eat like that you poor thing .
this thing was meant to entice him , to incite him to action .
its small silver door handle was the only thing that was nt covered in cobwebs .
now , if she could just remember how that website had said to fold the thing up , she could get it in the wooden box where it belonged .
you really thought i d want to live in that overpriced thing that would swallow our paychecks while we tried to keep up with appearances ?
your family would live in a pig sty if some designer deemed it the latest thing .
then he finally said , you know that thing , and then he puts it in a petri dish for you .
sure she could muster the sweet things .
he just wanted to throw the damn thing away .
it was cheap , the sort of thing that would cost a couple of dollars at a tourist store .
and the thing looks vintage .
he let out a friendly bark and wagged his tail so hard that hunter thought the poor thing was going to snap in two .
well fly in , give that thing to whomever , and come back .
i was just as surprised as you were when that thing popped open .
i slept in the thing and started wearing it every day .
we d need a place to land this thing .
i was going to hitch a ride into mexico first thing in the morning .
every time you check that thing its like flashing a beacon .
blake turned over the attach to one of their people who dropped the thing .
only paper cut to the size of money but not the real thing .
we need to get you out of this thing and into the helicopter .
i m not going inside that thing .
i need a towel or something to wrap around the handle of this thing , he said .
where s he going if were supposed to drive out of here in that thing ?
we either hike to the van or figure out how to fly that thing out of here .
put this damn thing down !
i m just flying this thing .
i took that thing everywhere .
i need to land this thing .
the roof of that thing leaks , by the way .
the problem was he never intended to fly this thing out of there .
who s gon na fly this thing ?
you want to land this thing ?
this thing will last at least a couple more hours , and ill be back before then .
these people most likely had interior designers who made the tree pretty for them , no handmade crafts or other things present .
she could have hired an ax murder instead of the hot , little thing lacey was .
i curse the day i ever bought the damn thing .
that s the thing , lace , its not .
now , help me clasp this built in bra so i can zip this thing up .
this thing is going where it needs to .
the trash was too good for this thing .
if i would have had more time before he came over i know i would have thrown the thing away .
the thing seriously gave me hard - on for like an hour .
this was so unexpected that she stared at the projection for a long while as if shed never seen such a thing before .
just do it first thing on monday morning , ok ?
of course , sir , they will be with you first thing .
you wear this thing every day and you do nt know ?
a kilt , paired with a black jacket and accessorized with knee - long , white , woolen socks , black laced shoes , snow - white shirt and a pocket - like thing hung in the front of the kilt on a thin chain .
take the damn thing out !
take the damn thing out or ill fuckin take it out myself !
* * * mike and i were at shauns apartment , starting to pack up some of his things to start moving them into my place .
ready to fix this thing ?
the crinkling of a candy wrapper forces my attention to starwait no , not a candy wrapper , she s eating some weird granola thing i ve never seen before .
he wraps it around my arm just below the velcro thing he put on me in the cave and pulls it tight before tying it off .
i do nt know why i saved the stupid thing .
just the kind of thing our abbey does n't need . ''
play me a jig on that thing today .
the latch was the only thing holding it closed .
aunt autumn let me get my own hot fudge sundae and i ate the whole thing .
you can watch that thing any time .
nathaniel was talking on the phone saying , yes , sir , ill be there first thing in the morning .
i did nt need the image when i planned on seeing him first thing the next morning .
i did nt want to see a dead body first thing in the morning .
even if i did nt use the giant mousetrap against him , it would be a really cool thing to have in storage in case i ever needed one .
i was nt exactly sure how shed fit the thing on her little fingers , though .
i searched my pockets and ended up pulling out my wallet and some little silver circular thing that was stuck in one of my front pockets .
he looked like he was wearing the same thing i saw him in last .
i could nt think of a thing .
you got a spare in that thing ?
it was a big white thing with an extended cab , an impressive - looking toolbox in the bed and double wheels in the rear .
what happened to the noisemaker thing ?
she still mad about the fat thing ?
this thing is a top seller on the show .
poor thing , she said .
this thing goes inside the oven ?
lets get that thing out of here !
but the nearest thing was a kitchen chair and it was out of reach .
whatever brings you here first thing in the morning ?
the pretty thing nodded hard .
here , heres the other one , she said , moving the business end of the thing yet again .
i figure any collisions i might have can only improve the looks of that thing , anyway .
it took a giant washtub to hold the thing .
i can spin this thing into solid gold , for both you and ms .
what thedo you think i d just hand overthat thing cost more than this house , woman !
the thing was huge , and it would have taken two or three men at the very least , to pick it up .
there was a definite knack to this thing .
this thing , you ca nt even call it a dress .
shed set the dining table with bamboo placemats , and on the wall ren saw a new piece of her art , an elegant scroll of a thing in dusty yellows and greens and blues , whose construction and materials he could only guess at .
montana had no - fault divorce laws , so it was nt a matter of legalities , but on a personal level , ruth would never , ever want to relinquish the chance to make ren feel that the whole sorry thing was his fault because he had been the one to say it first , just like it was always his fault when he got her the wrong thing for christmas or valentines day .
the whole thing was covered in a sleek flow of rich , dark chocolate .
she had been so petite back in high school , a wisp of a thing with natural light caramel brown hair , a nervous touch with makeup , and the same skin breakouts that had plagued tully during her teens .
teams and i do nt get along , especially when there s a spherical bouncy thing in the mix .
last week , sugar and tully had browsed the clothing boutique on main street for a couple of new outfits that would work for new york in march draped , colorful things that hid how skinny she was .
finally , though , they went for coffee together with one of pattys old friends , and sugar told them she did nt want to come , thanks , if that was okay , and that shed be fine watching tv with things like tissues and snacks and a glass of juice within reachand anyhow , if she needed something else , like the bathroom , she could actually get there herself , even if she was slow .
there really occurred another problem to laurence , hot that thing to talk to with his wife about the foundation she was planning , and not just to study the script and to rehearsals .
you could see i was how much exciting without this thing too !
- you surely got a lot of thing from them .
its supposed to be the hot thing , even hotter than the sport - bike he had a few years ago , the one on which he raced around the country the year after riding the touring bike .
it was sold as a thrill , said to be the fastest , the leanest , the hottest , the thing every single guy wanted .
do nt forget to cash that check first thing if anything happens .
same thing , but with no tub or shower .
its a tough place to live , this country , in spite of all the things to buy .
he takes a sip of his non - alcoholic beer , the only thing available in this part of the peninsula unless one wanted to brew their own ; something raife discovered was quite common .
things become a replacement for the breast ; we get weaned from the breast to the thing , to the market .
always trying to get hold of the next thing , the other okes bike , the new bike , the more , more , more .
the damn thing was loud , but the first two times it had been kind of musical , not screechy like most cats .
placing it on the floor , she hurried to set out a bowl and some tuna for the poor thing .
he adamantly refused to get rid of that thing , even when we had more than enough income to get something better .
yep , got the whole darn thing .
the lock was broken from a previous robbery , and he d neglected to get it fixed but still kept on using the darn thing .
one family i d babysat for gave me a really good deal on it since they upgraded to a nice minivan , and the thing was huge .
i was fairly certain the power off button was the first thing vinnie had disabled .
it was the only thing i knew for sure would be in the same spot .
i want to be ready to leave first thing in the morning , since we have a big drive ahead of us , i took the empty plate to the kitchen , before heading back to see him off to work .
give me a second and ill get the things you need so you can be on your way , she said , marching up to the cashier area .
this thing weighs a ton , he said , struggling to get it inside .
ill just keep the thing in the closet downstairs anyway .
ill pick them up first thing in the morning .
she hated the thought of selling it , so i offered to help that pretty thing , he said with a grin .
take this thing , eric ordered as the toad let loose a couple of frantic chirps .
i like lots of stuff in the store , but i ve never stolen a thing in my entire life .
the only thing which was still as she remembered was the half - buried bathtub with the statue of jesus in the middle to make a shrine .
shocked , not so much by the news as the manner it had been delivered , she had sat for some seconds , dithering between several options : ... door number one , she could continue playing the polite hostess and offer dessert and wine to her stunned ( him poor thing ) and smirking ( her , the brazilian bombshell darcy realised later that she must have been forewarned by patrick as to what was coming ) dinner guests ; door number two , indulge in an absolutely justifiable hissy fit and upend the mousse shed placed just moments before in the middle of the table over patricks balding , half - drunk , irish - trash cheating head ; or alternatively , door number three , flee the room in utter embarrassment .
watching her with wary eyes from inside the field and only yards away from her , yes , she rattled the heavy chain to check ; thankfully the thing was firmly locked , were a dozen or so feral - looking french cattle .
in her rush to get the thing open darcy had nt noticed those minor details .
then forget the fancy metal thing , -youll grow to hate it after you ve banged your head on the bars a few times .
rosie , the lucky thing , had fallen asleep on gabriels mothers lap while reading a picture book earlier in the service .
you ll have to wait til morning but if you re keen , we can go first thing and see if there s still a vacancy .
i have just the thing to fix that , darcy rose and went into the kitchen , returning with a box of fresh chocolates from the chocolatier .
she was hired on the spot , with the proviso that she could start work first thing monday morning something that neither darcy nor halley ; in their rush to apply for the job , had factored in .
they left chantelle looking happy and relieved with a casual bientt and a promise from halley to be back first thing monday morning .
i want you to remove that blasphemous thing on your finger and replace my wedding ring , you lying , cheating whore of babylon and mother of harlots .
that thing around your head is some fashion statement .
well , i got this thing looking mighty nice .
i should nt admit to this but i actually slept with that short red haired thing way back in the day .
she or her friends have nt done a damn thing to you .
i personally picked up wood carving and have a house full of all the different things i ve made over the years , joseph replied .
i started looking around and was having trouble finding the thing .
we should ve brought the sled thing with extra gas .
that thing was a skin - walker .
i would never do a thing to hurt you or the rest of the band .
` ` how fast does this , this thing fly ? ''
the cop car , probably the least inconspicuous vehicle ever devised , had been the only thing available .
` ` we find the place , park this thing , slip inside and get her out , and then we call in dante .
you know how to drive this thing ? ''
` ` i saw you pack that thing , hon , you 'd need a mammoth to carry both it and your gorgeous , long body . ''
uncle bo and han are pretty big and aunt mary and grandma are pretty tough , but there 's no way a heard of big horns is going to be able to turn that thing .
by unusual , i mean false compartments or panels or perhaps a built - in clock ? that sort of thing .
a blur of images suddenly flooded her mind : places and people and things , none of them modern .
she asked , while pointing at the dark area and white pointy thing in the pictures of my wrist .
going out in a blizzard to get that puny thing in the backseat masquerading as a christmas tree was moronic , she scolded herself .
he returned , grabbed a few things from his duffle bag , and the next thing she heard was water running .
the only thing covering her was a sheet and marcus could see the hand - shaped bruising formed on her pale , delicate skin .
the only thing you should have on is a condom .
they ll be ready first thing in the morning , joseph told us , coming back to the group .
the king says be here first thing , were here first thing , sean replied .
it was the last thing i would ve imagined him pulling out of the fridge .
it could ve been the couch blocking the door , but i did nt think a little thing like that would keep them out .
good , now get on your bikes so we can go find this thing , i said , heading towards winnie .
heres the first thing i wanted to show you , he said , handing me something that resembled a canister of pepper spray .
i had a blue sweater that matched it perfectly and a blue pair of heels , so the only other thing i bought to go with it was a little petticoat that made the skirt flare out .
i was a pudgy little thing you re getting off track again , he said .
i ate the whole thing .
besides if he did show up , he certainly would nt come first thing in the morning , would he ?
why else would he be standing on my doorstep wearing that thing instead of soaking up the sun in belize ?
the bathroom was as neat as the rest of the place with her lotions and body sprays and female things arranged neatly on a shelf above the counter .
we continue to bring you this developing news , the blonde newscaster saidshe was a pretty thing who looked older than me but was probably fresh out of college .
you re apt to have a hawk come down and perch on that thing .
oh , man , this thing reeks !
a tall man , wearing a black vest , white shirt and pants that matched his vest , offered me a fluted drink of some bubbly - looking thing .
i tried to ignore the weighted thing flopping in his pants like a spent hose .
my back stings a little from the flogging , but i remember what cam saidbrent clearly did nt know what he was doing with that thing .
at the moment the only thing i can drive is a four - wheeler around the compound .
i hurried in the bathroom , since it was the only thing between me and my breakfast , other than a set of stairs .
she s a little short thing , not even up to my waist and she s craning her neck to look up at me .
after seeing my room and bathroom , i doubted anyone had touched a thing .
he borrowed your ring , if you did nt notice , and is supposedly installing it in that because that s the only thing we could think of that you wear all the time .
i could see in nates peripheral that rick pointed a large nozzle - looking thing at the warlocks .
you are nt going to shoot that thing off in here with all your friends in the way , the head warlock said .
i said , let 's go and see if miss thing has anything to say for herself .
its the only thing i have left to sell .
oh goodness , that s lovely , but i d never dare wear such a thing .
never tell me you know how to shoot that thing ?
since i was short on demolition money and high on a woman 's touch i opted to clean the thing .
i inspected the old thing and my eyes fell on one of the pockets .
she had a dressing table that was piled high with an assortment of things - lots of makeup , multiple contact lens cases that contained different colored contact lenses , and several styrofoam wig displays that had wigs on them that were all different colors - orange , brown , purple , black , pink and even blue .
i happen to keep a slimy thing in my pants that i think you would nt mind touching .
that thing was a fishit was just a tiny little fish ?
the little bitty thing that it is , being so small it needs a shelter and a shield from other prey , so it cleverly scavenges the sands until it comes up with a nice spiral shell that it can squirm into and retreat for protection .
sarah quickly responded , aghast , ` ` get away out of that , you dirty thing !
no , nor dirty dishes , or messed up rooms where a tipsy trip to the toilet could be the death of you if you happen to step on a roller - skate or some other bloody thing !
i know a few of my friends from u.c.d who got married , and before the wedding the guys were bringing them out to eat , buying them little things and always giving them flowers for valentines day .
i was just a thing !
well , if this is the case , i want a copy of the file on my desk first thing in the morning .
i realized that the only thing to put on was the dress he had bought for me the previous day , but christopher was already one step ahead as always .
i had outgone my limits of endurance and i had already decided to set off first thing in the morning .
i need to prepare to leave and put some things in place while reginald and amanda get ready .
ill just open the damn thing .
karaoke is not my thing .
the damn thing was stuck .
the damn thing did nt budge .
this thing is fused to my fucking finger !
i would nt mind seeing you in a cat costumeas long as the body of the thing was some tight black leather .
some freakish thing comparable to a vampire ?
even if i had found some way to get the thing off , the night would have still unfolded the same ?
i have no morning meetings so i get to go to the health club first thing in the morning , which is the perfect way to start my day .
why the hell do you let her drive that thing ?
she hates driving that thing . ''
we do , after all , have a meeting with your dad and our new clients first thing at 9 a.m shushing me gently , oliver pulled me closer to him and nestled my neck ; his full , moist lips rubbing my skin no more talk of business , lily .
no , i hated it , but ceress plan might be the only thing that could work in our favor .
ben said , reaching over to try and undo the cuff for her , before she pulled the whole thing off the desk .
she went and sat on the edge of the high couch thing , as instructed , and ben went over there and swept the blue curtain across behind him with a flourish , shielding the girl from that hideous beast of a stepfather for a moment .
no wonder she could nt breathe with that thing on .
there was a line of hooks and eyes down the front of the elastic thing , and she struggled to get the hooks undone .
she was wearing a kind of corset thing .
her best friend tracey had helped her make the horrible elastic thing that flattened her figure .
he suspected , from the curves that tantalised his sight , that shed left the elastic thing at home .
ben did nt like to think how many germs swarmed all over that thing .
leaving things a bit damp and not worrying about putting things in the right places in the cupboards .
the type of thing a soldier might wear .
that s because you re jealous , you silly thing .
what the fuck is in that thing ?
give me that thing , he said , and took the condom sachet from her and ripped it open with his teeth .
i had the option of speaking to father face to face or sliding this shielding thing to hide .
when i first entered the shielding thing was up and i was facing him .
okay , now that everyone is happy , could one of you please help me get this thing out of my hair ?
he did nt know what he would do with the poor thing when he traveled .
lennie , you sweet thing !
you see that ugly , green , square thing against the wall .
i mean how awesome would it be to actually touch the same thing picasso , da vinci or van gogh touched with their paint brushes ?
the darn thing weighed so much i was surprised her shoulder was nt crooked .
most people i suspect would just keep or toss the stupid thing , but i ca n't do that .
i on the other hand started out with every intention of just dropping the damn thing off and slinking away unnoticed .
` ` you did n't need to come all the way back here to give me this old thing '' , he chortled , as he absentmindedly wrapped and unwrapped it slowly around his fingers .
` ` ca n't i just have one thing to remember you by while you 're gone . ''
` ` the whole thing 's going to fall .
it would n't be worth what it costs , and there would n't be much chance of the old thing surviving the wear and tear .
he skewered the formless thing and held it over the fire , toasting the exterior .
bud could n't stop himself from laughing as he said , ` ` what i ca n't get over is that he actually ate that thing trying get me to do it .
you know how much i love it and it will add a bit of colour to your black and grey house , she pleaded , knowing johns dislike of the thing .
i do nt know why you love that thing so much .
oh no , you poor thing .
she found ties in the garage , and managed to get the thing on the roof .
just the thing , nicole said as she perused the menu .
nonetheless , kira went to the lobby desk and arranged for a taxi to bring her to the airport first thing the next morning .
but come on , i ve got the perfect thing .
i assumed they had places to visit and things to buy , so i hoped they d be willing to help us out .
i ve shared with you the particular thing were looking for , so you should nt have to guess when we do finally find it .
just turn that thing off .
it was the only thing i could see that was on both planes , so it stood to reason that it was the key to moving back and forth between the planes .
stupid freaking thing !
in fact , we d have so much more fun if you left that useless thing at the bedroom door .
he always insisted she eat the damn things for good luck , and the only thing she hated more than the martinis were the olives .
she swallowed the olive whole , unable to stomach chewing the damn thing .
as the evening lengthened , mother ruby collected her things , and led her expectant daughter out into the small meadow behind their home .
he 'd only made her wear the damn thing until they were out of sight of the warehouse .
you just give me the sugariest , most fattening thing you ' ve got . ''
` ` i ca n't read this goddamn thing . ''
` ` put that damn thing down so we can talk . ''
apparently , neither had the guy , because he jumped back a bit , staring down at the thing .
the guy darted to the side , and in the air , in midjump , the thing turned back into a lid , and it landed on one edge on the asphalt .
the couch was really ugly , some kind of plain brown corduroy thing , but it was so soft and welcoming that i sank into it , sighing .
i tucked the thing , wriggling in objection , back into my messenger bag , and took a moment to breathe and sort out my building fury before turning to look at him again .
she was wearing a different dress this time , a soft , shimmery thing of that same deep red , with a surplice neckline , ruching at the waist , and a skirt that danced around her legs even when she stopped moving .
i ca n't believe the damn thing 's still on the ... '' she trailed off , went silent for a moment , then said , ` ` what the hell ? ''
it 's just a little bit of power in that thing .
` ` damnit , i have to learn to charge this stupid thing ! ''
` ` put that damn thing down . ''
` ` i always forget to charge this stupid thing . ''
vials of this and canisters of that , a leather book thudded to the ground ; the thing was full to busting and who the hell knew what all she 'd brought ?
after a breakfast of betty 's incredible conjured blueberry muffins and my adequate coffee , tobias left to get some things from his apartment , and cain went into the living room to do something - he grumbled a few gruff words about research .
a red ridge of fire rimmed the edges and consumed the whole thing with a zip sound , until there was nothing but pieces of ash floating to the ground .
` ` oh , this little thing , it 's just a scratch . ''
` ` that old thing , it did n't go well with my outfit . ''
she was a nice old thing , away with the fairies , of course , but no harm in her .
i have the very thing : dark gold with some cream lace .
' oh , but i do like to travel , of course , and see things , visit places .
they wrote a totally different kind of thing .
there 's one thing that i ' m going to need , though , so i can do this right .
charlie told them that miles was already gone for the day , but that he would make a decision on both counts first thing in the morning .
once you have found it , toss it in the nearest fireplace and set the damned thing ablaze .
while sunny had gone back to her gate to check on the status of her flight , which chance had arranged to be cancelled , wilkins had told him how she had swung her carry - on bag at him , one - armed , and that the damn thing had to weigh a ton , because it had almost knocked him off his feet .
` ` let me get some things , and we 'll find a place to camp for the night .
the snake 's head drew back and her hand closed on a coil , surprisingly warm and smooth , and she threw the awful thing as far as she could .
charlie jones had just happened to find them first thing in the morning after she spilled her guts about her father to chance the night before .
it was the most provocative thing she 'd seen in years .
he would ' ve rung the doorbell and given her the silly thing if there 'd been any lights on , but apparently she 'd gone to bed .
` ` i thought we 'd start looking for ads in the paper first thing tomorrow , '' jeff said , still munching .
argon , using his staff , an ancient ivory thing , walked deceptively fast .
it was hardly the sort of thing he could ask the local apothecary for .
it was the grandest and most majestic thing he had ever seen .
he shook his head , screwed his eyes shut hard , then opened them again , and the round thing became the hound - like face of old mr wardlaw , who kept the corner shop .
in the split second when he grasped the slimy thing , he expected something like the snap one got from touching a leiden jar and making it spark .
the other thing is a copy of adams 's confession .
where had james fraser acquired such a thing ?
' read the god - damned thing and have done with it ! '
he stooped and snatched the thing and rising , hurled it into the darkness .
he smiled wryly to himself ; unaccustomed to wine , and obviously nervous in company , she 'd sipped her way through most of a decanter of jerez sherry before he noticed , and was sitting in the corner with unfocused eyes and a small inward smile that reminded him of a painting he had seen at versailles , a thing the steward had called la gioconda .
the thought of the new things she 'd seen , and the new things to come , distracted her mind - a little - from thoughts of her mother 's voice , the wind off the moors ... she shoved these hastily away , and reached for her new rosary , this a substantial thing with smooth wooden beads , lovely and comforting in the fingers .
it means i ' m a fool , he thought , and wondered whether to snatch the thing back and leave instantly .
rakoczy motioned him to go on , and turned himself to examine a music - box that stood on the counter - an enormous thing the size of a cow 's head , crowned with a nearly nak*d nymph , festooned with the airiest of gold draperies and dancing on mushrooms and flowers , in company with a large frog .
does n't speak any sort of french , poor thing - the girl , not the archbishop .
the undertaker 's people had cleaned the body and dressed him in a slightly worn suit of dark blue ; michael thought that it was probably the only thing charles had owned that was in any way appropriate in which to appear dead , and suddenly missed his friend 's frivolity with a surge that brought unexpected tears to his eyes .
her heart lifted a little at the sight , for surely faeries would have no such thing in their lair .
but i did n't want her to wear the same thing she wore to school every day , either .
the kids were sitting in the chairs , crowded around it , and you could tell that only the ones in the front row had a good view of the thing .
i 'll bring maren out first thing in the morning so she can do an assessment on cammie .
while she 'd never said so aloud , faith had grown noticeably uncomfortable whenever he talked about the things he wanted to buy her and the places he wanted to take her .
i helped him unpack most of his boxes and he directed me where to place his things .
he promised to come up next week instead and to call me first thing in the morning or sooner , should he need me .
the dress had that hood wrap thing , and when you loosened the cloth , all i could see was fiery red curls spilling around your face . ''
i was n't sure i could get the thing out of his throat , and then i 'd be responsible for his death . ''
the damn thing was on so tight that jessica would need something more than she had .
blew the damned thing to bits .
i was just a little thing , knee - high to a bird dog .
we 'll leave first thing in the morning . ''
chase stored her things beside the picnic basket in the trunk .
a picture was the only thing on the dresser and lesley knew in an instant that the couple staring back at her from the brass frame were chase 's parents .
she 'd been a little bit of a thing back then , a baby - toothed four - year - old with jet - black pigtails and ears that seemed so big she 'd never grow into them .
` ` he called you a pretty little thing , remember ?
she was a dainty thing , petite in stature when compared to several of the other prayer ambassadors .
he wore a beige trench coat and looked as if he 'd slept in the bedraggled thing .
` ` i ... have several things i need to do first thing this morning . ''
` ` it 's the first thing i ' ve had in years that is n't black , gray , or navy blue .
she was n't entirely sure why people laced their fingers together when they prayed , probably so they would n't get distracted and wind their hair around their fingers or that kind of thing .
sweet heaven , paul had n't purchased a thing for the two of them .
just the sort of thing women , no matter what age , enjoyed dressing in .
a polite little thing , maureen mused .
i talked to john peterman this afternoon , and he wants you both back for a second audition first thing in the morning .
` ` i reminded her that i was n't offering marriage , but she could have the next - best thing .
that was n't the only thing on the coffee table , either .
this thing was almost as good as a golf cart ( there 'd been that unfortunate incident at the augusta golf course ) but if shirley was n't going to say anything , mercy certainly would n't , either .
the damn thing was a nuisance , but at this stage it was a necessary one .
according to my wife , the poor thing was caked in mud .
she swiped the thing every which way , swirling up dust left and right .
he did n't want me to fill the damn thing out because - i could only guess at the answer , and i did n't like it .
i did n't know why i was having trouble parting with the stupid thing , and i did n't want to know .
without giving it another glance , i stuffed the stupid thing in my briefcase- where it would most likely remain for the next few months .
things began to click into place .
did the old ` ` fingers crossed '' thing still work ?
` ` and for god 's sake , turn that thing off . ''
scowling , i dug inside my purse and pounded the stupid thing front and back .
i paid four mil , but i just do n't like the thing anymore .
` ` what 's a pretty thing like you doing all alone ? ''
it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen , delicate and almost dreamlike .
i know how you hated that thing .
it would suck to blow the whole thing now . ''
the thing blares like i smacked my face on it .
everything was on clearance , but the whole thing is from a store on miss black 's approved list .
if buying things proved how much you loved your children , this was obviously the place to go .
` ` she 's got all her fingers and toes , and she 's a cute little thing .
she knew exactly which gown her sister was referring to , for it was quite possibly the most exquisite thing isabella had ever seen .
there was no corset , since she rarely wore the uncomfortable thing , and her chemise was loose .
` ` it 's time you grew up and learned a thing or two about responsibility , or you 'll end up running your inheritance into the ground after i ' m gone .
it 's a very handy little thing , do n't you think ? ''
but i ca n't give you a ditto on the drunken pass thing .
we got two more basset hounds after that one , but they were n't as sweet ... honey , do you need any change while i ' ve got this thing open ? ''
if i get here first thing in the morning , i feel like i have to iron my clothes .
lincoln refused to ask for their help with the digital color printer upstairs , even though he was at his wit 's end with the damn thing .
he was wearing the charcoal jacket that i bought him with a floppy , blue satin bow tie - ish thing he 'd found somewhere .
like the brightest , shiniest thing in the room .
there would be no smooth ride in that thing .
i fly back first thing in the morning . ''
he 's already made some decisions that would give your father another stroke if he knew , and we ca n't do a damn thing to stop him . ''
` ` i always knew you had a thing for my daughter , '' he said , making gabrielle start .
grabbing it , she shoved the entire thing greedily into her mouth , only to hear josie 's confusion shift to a self - righteous howl .
i practically took the thing apart looking for her .
` ` the poor thing is probably lost . ''
` ` the ' poor thing ' probably got dumped when she grew to the size of a baby elephant and started eating the owners out of house and home , '' jack muttered .
` ` she also told me to tell you not to bring a thing .
the next morning jacob came rushing back into her room first thing in the morning .
` ` i need to go by my place and gather a few things , since there wo n't be time tonight before we have to pick jacob up , '' he told her .
you 're a big boy and it 's time you got a desk and new dresser and other things that fit you better , '' derek said , not able to deny his son a single thing .
she 'd slept incredibly well that night and was off to the airport first thing in the morning .
he knew jasmine would be there first thing in the morning .
that kid is the cutest thing ever and she deserves the biggest arrangement you can possibly make , '' he said .
` ` i think this arrangement will work out just fine , as long as you continue to be such a tempting little thing , '' he said to her with mockery in his tone .
he grabbed the knot on her towel and in one movement he ripped the thing off of her , leaving her completely nak*d in front of him .
she figured he 'd just wasted an incredible amount of money because she would n't wear one single thing he 'd picked .
she had zero doubt she was in love with the man but she also knew she was simply a play thing for him and he would eventually grow bored with her .
every other woman he 'd ever dated had tried to get every last thing they could out of him and he finally had a woman he wanted to buy things for and she tossed them back in his face .
every other woman he 'd ever dated had tried to get every last thing they could out of him and he finally had a woman he wanted to buy things for and she tossed them back in his face .
the kind of thing even a professional photographer would salivate over .
some cable channel , celebrity gossip thing .
i felt the hard thing between his legs poking blindly , trying to push into my body .
they 're spilling out over the top of that thing . ''
my whole life and mr . ryan 's entire schedule was in this thing .
the hem fell just below her knees and it was the sexiest thing i had ever seen .
i 'd never be able to sit at that thing without remembering what it was like to have her spread out before me as i fucked her .
he asked , gathering his things as he rose .
disgusted with myself for even considering opening the damn thing , i grabbed my gym bag and moved to open the door .
hanging from the pergola overhead was a crystal candelabra , the entire thing looked like something out of an issue of better homes and gardens .
pressing the button to release the trunk i gave him a reproachful look and stepped aside for him to put his things away .
mr . serious had a fucking tattoo and it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
i knew every spot that made her sigh , knew that she thought my tattoo was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen , and that if i spoke french to her she 'd come undone .
fumbling in the darkness , i put on the first thing i found and walked to the bathroom .
i 'd gone shopping ; getting everything together to make the one thing i 'd seen her order countless times at lunch meetings , chicken piccata .
i can hear your shit phone , and you never even go to the bathroom without that thing . ''
when i 'd left early this morning to prepare for an eight o'clock meeting , the only thing she 'd been wearing was a pale beam of light from the sunrise through the bedroom window .
why the f**k is she still wearing this goddamn thing ?
` ` share with the class or put that thing away .
it was awkward and handled like shit , and was n't exactly the most inconspicuous thing on the road .
` ` or do you have things that keep your man parts from- '' he interrupted me with a loud barking laugh that echoed off the trees in the frigid air .
i swear we are n't treating her like a doll , but she 's the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen .
` ` that weird four - boob thing up front ?
` ` you sure you know how to handle this thing ? ''
the mystery man looked appropriately offended and the three of them argued among themselves while i scanned the various cocktails and wines , picking the first thing that seemed to fit my mood .
so i reach for the soft , white silk ropes , the only other thing i will be needing tonight , and return to where bella is kneeling on the floor .
` ` as in medieval stocks , that thing they put people in on the town square so everyone could throw foul vegetables at them ? ''
do n't worry , the whole thing is padded , and the holes are large enough that you wo n't even feel it around your neck if you keep your head straight .
i take the flogger from its place on the wall and lay it down next to my other things , before i turn back to bella .
but at least she does n't throw things at me anymore when i drink the orange juice straight from the bottle .
but it 's good to know that i ' ve found a new thing to blackmail you with , should i need it . ''
` ` naturally , but considering your work schedule , he 'll likely also be the one teaching them every useful thing he can think of , too .
i have no idea how you got that thing on by yourself . ''
` ` you 're very pretty by the way , and i really do like this ... thing you 're wearing and would like to request that you wear it for me again ...
they were contractually obligated to pretend like they 'd never seen a thing .
you 're going to have to get this thing detailed now , '' i tell her apologetically .
` ` i still ca n't believe pax made you get this thing , '' i chuckle , trying to lighten the mood .
this thing is practically bulletproof .
mila is the furthest thing from a gold digger i ' ve ever seen .
the doctors had to reconstruct the entire thing and now it 's more steel and screws than it is bone .
i 'd better remember to wipe that thing down before i use it next .
i need the real thing .
the fiery liquid burns a trail down into my gut and i down the entire thing , then pour another .
from the mischievous look in her eyes , i have a feeling the coat might be the only thing she 's wearing .
lying in the white tissue paper , there 's a silver bullet - looking thing , shining in the dim light of the bathroom .
like i ' m a thing .
i ' ve never actually seen such a thing before .
he looks like grape ape in the thing with his head grazing the ceiling , but the situation is clear .
tearing that old thing down is going to feel good .
` ` she and i went on a million dates in this thing .
it 's the most gorgeous thing i ' ve ever seen , held by the sexiest man in the world .
for a second , i wrap my fingers around the necklace in my pocket , the one thing i allow myself to have from my previous life .
my sister 's swimsuit collection would n't even fit in that thing .
i hoped they all left without buying a damn thing .
i push the button for the plug and let the water run , knowing the giant thing will take an age to fill .
' i ' m not wearing that thing . '
i mess around with the t.v cabinet for a while , but i ca n't get the damn thing to open and reveal a television , so i slump into the chair and watch jesse sleeping , his mangled hand draped over his solid chest and rising and falling with his steady breaths .
' it 's nice to have a thing . '
well , that 's a trivial issue , and one that 's now in a dozen strips after neurotic man here shredded the damn thing .
it was n't because i replaced the damn thing .
yes , i only bought the stupidly expensive thing in a childish revenge fit , but the point is ; he thought he could dictate what i wear .
and , finally , how much does the damn thing cost ?
i wo n't be getting on the underground or walking the streets late at night anymore , that 's for sure - not with this thing hanging around my neck .
she must have poured herself into the thing .
' i ' m petrified of the damn thing .
' how do you get this thing off ? '
i should go down and stamp on the thing .
it 's a meager substitute for the real thing .
getting the delivery of cameras first thing that morning ensured that they were going to be able to wrap things up a day earlier as she had hoped .
meghann made a mental note to get a tro first thing tomorrow .
usually her pen was the only thing that worked as fast as her brain .
` ` that thing 's been up there since jeremy forman went off to college .
the only thing missing was a beaded milking pan .
i just brought the damn thing to smitty .
it was a dry , rustling sound that bore no resemblance to the real thing .
when she took hold , she drank the whole thing , hoping it would ease her headache .
finding material , putting a backup band together , that sort of thing .
she always got the same thing from starbucks .
a thing he 'd bought and had given to me , to mark me as his .
i was trapped in the back seat , the whole thing burning , buddies dead , buddies dying outside .
i bought lingerie , something sultry and lacy that i 'd never wear except to turn jeff on , the kind of thing i did n't expect to have actually stay on my body for long .
i mean , how could it be anyone 's favorite thing ?
we 'll go see dr . rayburn first thing , i promise . ''
when chase insisted i have a smart phone , i had to take it in to the verizon store and have them show me how to use the damn thing .
the first thing i knitted was an unrecognizable , misshapen thing that vaguely resembled something a rasta might wear over his dreads , if knitted by a blind and drunk old woman .
the first thing i knitted was an unrecognizable , misshapen thing that vaguely resembled something a rasta might wear over his dreads , if knitted by a blind and drunk old woman .
the edges curled and refused to lie flat , the ends were crooked , and the whole thing was just f**king ugly .
but kelly wore the thing to and from work for a solid week before i told her she did n't have to actually wear it .
and he 'd have to have , like , the biggest , longest , thickest dreads ever for this thing to fit . ''
i had to hold back a snicker myself as i saw the thing i 'd made against his foot .
there 's a little room down the hall , a pantry kind of thing .
the only thing between his hands and her heated core was a wisp of fabric , which she was surprised had n't melted away from the burning of her body .
amy giggled , ` ` see i told you this thing is always in the way . ''
the only thing that separated him from entering her right then was the extremely thin cotton of his boxer shorts .
she loved to talk with them and started preparing some fruit and breads the night before so they had things to munch on while waiting on their hot food .
you can begin work tomorrow , '' bob said , giving chad the time he needed in order to scope out the area and do some snooping through the hands things .
whoever had thrown the thing , must have really chucked it .
i ' m sure i wo n't need to change a thing . ''
he gave her the tour and she was amazed such a thing even existed .
well , she did own the dang thing and it would be appropriate for the party , so she guessed she could cave in on that issue and wear it once more .
each new thing she found sent delight into her expression .
heck , if she could get under his skin that easily she would take the thing out more often .
we leave first thing in the morning and i have to leave here in twenty minutes for a business dinner .
heck , she was surprised the dang thing did n't land in the middle of a snow covered mountain , leaving them stranded for weeks .
he 'd made her his specialty dish , the one and only thing he knew how to cook to perfection , a denver omelet with crispy bacon , hash browns and toast on the side .
plus , as chad explained , we do n't know how far this thing stretches .
fear of any small movement would make her fire the dang thing , but she could n't force her arms to lower the weapon .
of course , she had n't really been the innocent little thing he 'd thought she was during that first dance .
` ` well , read the dang thing , '' joseph nearly shouted as he regained his voice .
yes , this thing of beauty before him could n't be called anything but a woman , because her curves were smooth , her lines flawless , and she 'd been transformed by his blood , sweat and ... well , not tears , but she 'd gotten everything else she could out of him .
` ` if you ever , ever , ever even attempt to put me back in that thing , i will lose all vestiges of civilization and subject you to a quick but agonizing death , '' she told him , wishing her voice had more thunder and less quiver .
the only thing keeping him from entering her was an incredibly small piece of black lace .
she 's such a sweet thing , and in need of a man to help her let down her hair .
he flipped me around , grabbed at my skirt with one hand , unzipped the back with the other , then pulled the entire thing off of me .
when i tried to stop him , he frowned at me and then ripped the whole thing off .
i 'd never meant to destroy the book in the first place , and i understood a rich man would own expensive things , but now that i knew it was more than that , i felt horrible .
maybe i 'd push his bookcase a little , send the whole thing crashing to the ground , see how he liked that .
a lighthearted but fashionable piece of clothing , the sort of thing i could wear to a casual spring ball ( if i were ever invited to one ) .
i had a couch back at my apartment , but this thing was about four times as big .
the whole thing looked like some movie theatre set up .
it was the kind of thing people talked about wishing they had , except asher actually owned it .
somewhat scandalous , really , the kind of thing a woman wore to bed when she did n't actually want to go to sleep .
to the movies or whatever , that kind of thing . ''
i pulled the bookcase the rest of the way , opening the whole thing and revealing the hidden doorway behind it .
i pulled harder , yanking on the thing , but no .
but a sure thing sat just ten yards away , provided they could get to it .
she had been a scrawny little thing .
the bug he 'd found had been placed deliberately , though they had expected lord holden to see it , not nearly drink the thing .
it was the only thing preserving an ounce of his reputation .
` ` i do n't know how to light this thing .
but no , i do n't think this thing is a vampire .
like that thing ? ''
when i walked into the dining room and saw that thing , i thought i was still asleep .
we talked about this , how dent found the way to exist , with this thing .
` ` here 's a thing .
` ` you 're going to put someone 's eye out with that thing . ''
this thing must have an incredible range . ''
` ` you said this thing had an incredible range .
` ` the fucking thing just blew up . ''
she 'd missed her nail appointment entirely , was late for lunch and so rattled she had n't found a thing to buy on her shopping spree .
` ` i 'll phone him first thing in the morning and explain everything . ''
` ` get rid of that thing . ''
` ` grandpa , grandpa , you know that dangling thing in the back of your throat ?
` ` you 're going to take that check , margaret , '' i said using my sternest voice , ` ` and give it to the mortgage company first thing tomorrow . ''
she did n't have a thing to wear - oh , if she 'd ever needed her sister , it was now .
reverting to a more businesslike tone , he added , ` ` i 'll have an accident report on your desk first thing in the morning . ''
this letter was n't the only thing she 'd uncovered .
the only thing out of the ordinary was a real estate business card tucked in the screen door ; this was the third one .
` ` first thing in the morning , return the rest of the money to carolyn and give her a check for the other twenty - five hundred .
she 'd bought some beautiful yarn in paris and a scarf would be the perfect thing to knit .
no , i clearly recalled her telling me she 'd show up first thing .
` ` check that computer phone thing you always have with you , '' ruth said .
` ` we leave first thing tomorrow morning . ''
the thing was built like a tank , and it drove like one , too .
i could catch damn near anyone driving that thing , and she did n't roll if i took a tight curve .
i need to find the thing . ''
if she 'd been wearing it , then why had i found the thing so far from the car ?
i decided to discover what the thing meant and who might have been wearing it .
who might have dropped the thing ?
though i had n't logged the thing into evidence yet , i should .
you just signed for it , but i 'll need the thing back . ''
i glanced at my watch , half - expecting the thing to have stopped when i entered the trees near cadotte 's cottage .
there were footholds of a sort , but you could n't talk me into climbing the thing .
where had the thing gone , anyway ?
the thing was gone .
` ` did n't you see that thing ? ''
poor thing had a beak like a hawk .
` ` who knows that i had the thing besides you and me ? ''
for an instant i could have sworn the thing was hot to the touch .
if he 'd wanted the totem for himself , he would n't have given the thing back .
i shrugged and slipped the thing into my pocket .
at least i would n't have to clean the thing tonight .
i 'd learned my lesson about wearing the thing to bed .
since mandenauer had already killed and burned the thing , the case would be closed - if mel had n't gone and died on us .
i unloaded the thing and pocketed the bullets , then laid it on the passenger seat of my car .
i jumped , then had to clench my ringers into fists to keep from reaching for the thing and rousing clyde 's suspicions .
since i knew he had n't , clyde 's attempt to make me suspicious of will only convinced me to keep the thing under my shirt - so to speak .
1 hooked the thing back onto my belt .
then i tossed what passed as a purse for me - a small plastic makeup case sans makeup , with just enough room for a few personal necessities , my keys and my i d - into a gym bag along with a towel , some water , my gun of course , the totem - i was n't letting the thing out of my sight - and headed for my pond .
i nearly dropped the glass , which would have been a shame - the thing was damn near an antique .
after placing the icon on the floor , i lifted the hammer and hit the thing as hard as i could .
` ` i could bury the thing . ''
being unable to destroy the thing had creeped me out more than i wanted to admit .
i held on tight , figuring he 'd wrench the thing out of my grip .
if i 'd actually been wearing the thing , it would have strangled me during our energetic bedroom activities .
not to mention i 'd have had to explain to will that i 'd had the thing all along .
she grasped the machete and yanked it out , then tossed the thing into the bushes .
unfortunately , his hands were still bound and he fumbled , unable to lift the thing or fire it .
he held the thing aloft .
this was why the local shelter would n't take the damn thing .
and his grandmother had wanted him to have the thing .
risa loved the silly thing .
it was ridiculous - looking , the heavy skirts two feet deep with mud , and the entire thing was so weighty it looked like it was going to drag her down with it .
she 'd pulled that stupid blanket thing tight around her body and her blue lips trembled from cold .
` ` sorry if i ranted at you earlier , '' she said , rubbing her arms under the blanket thing .
` ` if that thing does n't have a roof , i ' m going to cry , '' she told him , but her face wore a wide smile that made his lips itch to kiss .
it was also smaller than he 'd remembered , he thought critically , looking at the little thing .
` ` i am so thrilled to see that thing right about now , '' she said with a laugh .
she tugged at the hem of her dress and pulled the entire thing over her head .
` ` thought you were beautiful before , but this is the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
she must have tried to rub the darn thing off last night .
` ` let 's stop by my place and get my things first . ''
brenna had called his satellite phone repeatedly , making kissy noises , so he 'd turned the damn thing off so he could concentrate .
one of the largest dealerships in the area , and allan ran the damn thing .
he could n't let the thing fall down around the old man 's ears .
the entire thing should be condemned and the yard cleaned out . ''
she hardly even examined herself in the mirror , beyond recoiling from the blood and vomit matting her hair and dried on her face and wondering why she was wearing this man 's shirt / jacket thing that was as long as a dress .
things he would n't have left even if he had a temporary place to stay .
she half rose , still stuffing things into that huge bag , and he realized she was leaving .
her mistake had been mentioning ash at all , not that she 'd called him by name , but she 'd told michael that he could n't give her the things another man had promised her .
downing first thing monday morning and make damn sure he wrapped and delivered the paintings to ash 's office .
you the very first thing i taste in the morning .
and she certainly was n't ashamed to be out with ash , no matter how quickly she 'd fallen into a relationship after she 'd broken things off with michael .
the poor thing looked like crap , but the motor was dependable , so she 'd donated it to a charity .
but syd was hypercritical of herself , always fearing she did n't measure up to her father 's exacting tastes , afraid people were making fun of her , second - guessing her clothing decisions , which of course meant she never wore the first thing she tried on - at least not without trying on several other outfits before , in despair , she went with her original choice .
while she knew it was n't a huge ship , going more for luxury than quantity , the size of the thing still took her by surprise .
memory 's the second thing to go , you know . ''
not that cael was going to leave her unsupervised or unbound , but he could , and she would n't do a damn thing to take advantage of being free , because of syd .
` ` honey , i ca n't do a thing for you , '' tiffany said without sympathy .
` ` i would n't be very good at my job if a pretty little thing like you could bring me down , would i ? ''
` ` now , put the damn thing on . ''
i ca n't think of anyone who 'd need that thing more than you . ''
` ` let me go drop this thing off in my room and i 'll be right back .
` ` i forgot about the action this thing has been getting lately .
by the end of her shift on monday night , she 'd decided to call ian first thing after her classes on tuesday .
apparently he 'd found whatever he 'd been seeking with such impatience , although she could n't find a single thing missing .
she had n't cancelled the credit card , either , which was a mistake she planned to rectify first thing in the morning .
the thing is , '' she said wryly , ` ` it comes sort of instinctively . ''
call display was a marvelous thing , roy mused .
thanksgiving with her mother had been one of the most disturbing days of her life , maryellen thought as she opened the gallery first thing friday morning .
it was ridiculous to think such a thing could cover her .
` ` he called me first thing this morning , and you would n't believe what he said to me . ''
` ` she tends to be fussy first thing in the morning , '' she told him , and bit her lip to keep it from trembling .
` ` that thing is short and lumpy .
` ` i ' m putting the house up for sale first thing in the morning . ''
` ` unfortunately , we have to be back at work first thing in the morning . ''
cecilia had forgotten they even had the thing .
i 'll have it back first thing in the morning . ''
his golf clubs were in the garage , and the sturdiest thing he could take with him was a work boot .
while he gathered up the remainder of his things , she walked out to the parking area to start the car .
` ` this thing 's older than dirt .
` ` you got a concealed - weapon permit for that thing ? ''
it was easy to imagine what this place would look like filled with their things .
` ` i do n't much like the idea of driving one of those battleships , '' leif admitted , ` ` but i 'll do it , and by the time we get back , my guess is i 'll be able to park that thing as slick as any boat i ever steered . ''
` ` honey , it 's the only thing available .
` ` i 'll contact sheriff davis first thing in the morning .
she worked in a hair and nail salon and considered herself the farthest thing from an intellectual .
but a little thing like a wedding ring has n't stopped him in the past , '' she said .
the damn thing could be in the next county by now or at the bottom of some lake .
he loved that thing and wore it constantly . ''
` ` that thing , '' she said .
` ` not that - that thing you have , but some sort of real , human body . ''
the thing made a whirring , clicking noise , obviously confused .
he wore a dove - colored suit , not overly formal , the sort of thing a gentleman might wear to an afternoon at the club .
` ` they invented the blasted thing . ''
she admitted she had read some of the forbidden books in the library , and that was how she knew what a seraph blade was , and how to use it , and that the thing i had opened was called a pyxis , though she could not imagine why my father would have kept one .
the majolica box was a clever little thing with compartments for the cigars , tied in a bundle with a silk ribbon , new matches and old , and a place to tap one 's ashes .
` ` you twist it , like this '' -henry mimed twisting the bottom half of the thing in one direction and the top half in another- '' and then throw it .
` ` i had been trapped for twenty years in that thing , '' marbas snarled .
she felt jem reach for her arm , trying to pul her away from it , but she jerked away impatiently , seized her hat off her head , and slammed it down on top of the thing , trapping it between her hat and the seat of her chair .
` ` i left the damn thing here . ''
there has to be five - hundred bottle caps in that thing . ''
` ` no touching me , no undressing me with your eyes , and no doing that ... that damn stupid thing with your mouth when you pull it between your teeth . ''
i would n't allow her to be caught dead in that thing - let alone walk down the aisle if it 's with your son or not .
` ` you 're seriously not - ` ` ` ` trying that horrible thing on ? ''
he reclined himself into his leather chair , stabbed his passcode into the damn thing , and retrieved the message she had left for him .
the idea of riding in such a thing probably appalled max .
it was the only soft thing in his world right now .
but i think we should do it first thing in the morning so we can get rolling on what needs to be done .
` ` we 're going out to their parents ' tomorrow morning first thing , '' liam said .
i 'll try not to overexert myself wrestling down a tiny little thing with one arm tied to her waist .
he was n't going to direct a damn thing .
the damn thing will shred my furniture . ''
` ` you should have come to see me first thing this morning instead of crawling home to suffer alone . ''
before i start the car , i look down at the thing in my hand .
the kind of thing a child would make at one of those pottery places .
the west end was a place where things - and people - were built to last .
she did n't bother even picking up their toys in there ; for one thing , her mother was n't due for hours vet and the boys would have their things dragged out again before she got here , so cate did n't waste the effort .
the thing could be anywhere .
there was also a little leather thing with credit card slots on both sides .
she liked pretty things , like fancy throw pillows on the bed , and in the bathroom were thick cotton rugs that matched the shower curtain and the thing that covered the lid of the john .
less than half an hour after creed had hung up on him , a thunderous pounding on his door made cal wonder if the thing would come off its hinges before he could get it open .
the only possibility of a fast outcome that he saw was that she might cave first thing , but in his experience , people who tried to screw someone else in the first plate were n't real big on civic duty , or whatever you wanted to call it .
` ` i ' ve felt the seams , the zipper , practically ripped the damn thing apart .
layton has it - the thing , it , whatever .
` ` he owns a mansion at the edge of the swamp , but the thing 's all fallin ' down .
the thing had been on my bed .
as we hurried across the grass , i wondered aloud , ` ` the photo was the only thing left in the house .
i 'd have figured the maid disposed of the thing , except my room had n't been cleaned yet ` ` no , ma'am , '' the girl insisted when i tracked her down .
i sure hoped the thing worked , and was n't that a change in attitude ?
i was never going to find the thing out here .
i 'd learned a long time ago that shaking the thing only made a mess .
he took one last draw on his cigarette , then flicked the thing into the grass , where it hissed as the ember met rain .
i wish it would rot , but de damn thing never will . ''
bought a generator first thing . ''
i have n't found one damn thing . ''
one thing they do n't usually have is a fully automatic rifle . ''
` ` his fingerprints were all over the thing .
cassandra reached out and lifted the thing over my head .
` ` touch him with the thing .
with a practiced movement , he flipped the thing into the air , caught the sharp end , and offered me the handle .
why hi hell had i put the thing down ?
the thing appeared to be at least forty years old .
i also had the pistol adam had given me , but the thing made me nervous .
i hate that place , i wish it would rot , but de damn thing never will .
i did n't see it coming and bobbled the thing , nearly dropping it .
the only thing adorning his upper body was his bracelet i liked him best that way .
i kept one hand on his shoulder while the other crept around like thing from the addams family .
this thing might even be larger than that .
the thing had a damn nice vertical extension .
i stared at adam 's pistol for a second , then realized he would n't have helped me out by loading it with silver , and left the thing in the trunk .
he picked up the weapon , checked the ammo , found it empty , and tossed the thing into the backseat .
i tightened my lips and kept quiet ` ` could it be because you 're in love with the thing ? ''
in the split second when he grasped the slimy thing , he expected something like the snap one got from touching a leyden jar and making it spark .
` ` read the goddamned thing and have done with it ! ''
the next thing was for the rest of the landing party to ascend to the cliff top , now that the trail - if there was such a thing - had been cleared .
a few windows soaped at halloween , that kind of thing .
` ` i ' ve got an appointment with heath quantrill first thing wednesday morning , '' vaughn explained .
he could see the whole thing and yet it expanded as he moved through it , growing bigger and more impossible to travel the whole circumference with each stride he took .
whether a shapeshifter with a human form or just a common bird , the thing gave her the creeps .
i 'd seen one before , been studying it , too , trying to figure out how and why the thing was magic .
the thing would have been tacky , if it was n't so creepy .
i shoved the talisman into the pocket of my new sweatpants just as i remembered the little wolf was n't the only thing that had been in my skirt .
` ` but if they meant to help you , why not just hand you the thing ? ''
in the end , he snatched the thing from my hand and nothing happened .
she held the thing gingerly , her gaze shifting from the icon , to me , and then back again .
i wanted to shout : ` ` be careful with that thing ! ''
i really wished she 'd aim that thing anywhere but at me .
` ` plastic , '' nic blurted , before i could show her the thing .
but passing the thing around like a brand - new baby could be a mistake .
` ` i do n't like not knowing where the icon is , '' i said , ` ` but i do n't need it anymore , and , according to will , the thing should n't work for anyone but me . ''
nevertheless , i wished i had the thing in my possession or at least knew who did .
` ` except the damn thing did n't work . ''
i should destroy the thing , but ... you never knew when something like this might come in handy .
each time she 'd worn a piece of the real jewelry , when she gave it back to rafael for him to lock in the safe , she 'd swapped the costume piece for the real thing .
it was too late for her account to be credited with it today , but it would be there first thing in the morning .
` ` oh , you poor thing , '' mrs . pearson murmured .
it was clearly an ancient thing , much loved , much used .
luca is driving , the radio is off , i ' m typing with my netbook on my lap ( ` ` how can you type on that teeny little thing , '' luca asked me , ` ` especially while riding in an auto ?
so i ended up renting a vespa , a little moped scooter thing .
` ` my butt 's fallen asleep on that thing . ''
the thing weighed nearly as much as she did , but she managed to haul it up the stairs .
the man had taken what the forest could offer and turned these things into deadly weapons meant to kill anyone who dared enter his domain .
no wonder the poor thing had been afraid .
she managed to keep holding the gun , but her palm was so sweaty the thing kept sliding around in her grip .
lana had no idea how she kept the thing in place , but it had never falen .
jacob snapped on a rubber glove and took the tiny thing .
` ` the closest thing stacie 's got .
at least until the little lights went off when he ran the thing along the underwire of her bra .
she was a tiny thing , barely reaching lana 's shoulder , but what she lacked in height she made up for in talent .
such an innocent thing , but it nearly turned his body inside out with a wave of raw lust .
caleb had seen setups like this before , and unless the phone was a decoy , one cal would set the thing off .
just want to make sure you 're not wired to set that thing off if you move too much . ''
he contacted me by phone , using this freaky thing that f**ked up his voice so i could n't recognize it . ''
the next time her husband 's killer came at her with that needle , she was going to ram this thing right into his eye .
i 'll meet with him first thing in the morning and fill him in on the details while you 're at work - unless you want to come along .
she was such a pretty thing .
trina 's fingers tightened , and she swore to herself she would not let the thing slip .
maybe he 'd get her some more of the tea flower things when these were gone , just to see her smile .
` ` do n't send the pretty little thing away .
it was the only thing she 'd had eaten or drunk that he had n't .
it was these flower ball things that opened up when you put them in hot water .
the poison was n't the only thing we found in his room .
the thing was blinking like crazy .
no matter how hard she pulled , she could n't get the stupid thing off .
it was the only thing that worked .
she did n't have a thing to wear she realized and sat there for several moments , at a loss as to what to do .
the mattress dips down a tad in that particular spot and i make a vow to go for a run first thing tomorrow morning .
first thing in the morning , i would find a way to contact lucas to tell him to keep kylie the hell away from me .
the only thing i ' ve ever bought using credit was a used ' 04 mercury sedan that i paid off late last year .
i ' m not in the mood to witness her jutting her breasts out toward lucas first thing this morning .
up close to him , i realize that those glasses have to be - hands down - the sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen him wear .
` ` get that damned thing up from there and get in bed with me , where you belong . ''
i do n't know how to put the thing together ! ''
` ` i could wear that victoria 's secret thing you got me . ''
he 'd have to do it first thing in the morning ; unfortunately , he was scheduled to fly out at seven a.m .
the only downside was that she 'd had to increase the size of the opening by six inches , then frame the damn thing and figure out how to mount the doors .
most of the pictures had been portrait shots -- wedding , graduations , that sort of thing .
` ` he had to be at work first thing in the morning .
most of the so - called art galleries in echo beach carried knickknacks -- coasters made out of polished driftwood ... christmas ornaments made of that ugly mount st . helens ash that looked like a jumbled swirl of chocolate and vanilla ice cream ... crocheted doilies ... dried sand dollars in brown mesh netting , that sort of thing .
` ` i wondered what was in that thing . ''
` ` y' all used to snuggle together in that thing for hours , rockin ' back and forth .
she withdrew a small , striped thing that was shaped like a rocket .
warily , she took it , her fingers barely touching it , as if she half expected the thing to blow up in her hands .
maybe he had n't felt a damn thing .
` ` i fly out first thing in the morning . ''
and first thing in the morning , if it came to it .
` ` some people would rather live where there are people around and things to do besides sit and listen to the grass grow , '' he said , staring straight ahead .
` ` what in the hell is that thing on your finger ?
he 's got wheels on the thing , not runners .
` ` how do you steer this thing ? ''
` ` i 'll charter a plane and first thing in the morning we 'll fly to vegas . ''
he really had n't anticipated becoming attached to her , but damned if he did n't look forward to seeing her first thing each morning , too .
if he had such a thing .
hell , he was prodding her ass with the goddamn thing .
the one thing that can be used against him . ''
she was wearing the same thing she 'd worn yesterday - which was n't that weird , she was always wearing a different version of the same thing - but today was different .
she was wearing the same thing she 'd worn yesterday - which was n't that weird , she was always wearing a different version of the same thing - but today was different .
chapter 14 eleanor ' i know she does n't think i ' m going to jump over that thing , ' denice said .
whoever wrote that gross thing on her geography book had written on her history book , too .
it was like hiding behind the thing in the room he was most likely to hit .
i want to blow you while you 're driving this thing .
` ` i should ' ve screened the damn thing when i realized the song was about you . ''
` ` should ' ve turned the damn thing off , '' he muttered , digging his phone out .
she definitely needs to get out more , poor thing .
they 're going to work on it first thing in the morning .
i reached into my pocket and pulled out the one thing i knew i would need .
it was the only thing my mother let me buy with the money from my grandfather 's house .
the firmness complimented her skin 's softness , and it was just one more thing i wanted in my mouth , too .
now , i was actually thrilled that mr . brandt had never cut this thing down .
while i cringed every time i saw that thing , i was n't in her shoes .
` ` i cut the poor thing to pieces and tossed it in the trash .
the kid 's going to choke on that thing , or something .
i am not pulling that thing .
i ca n't nick , i 'll be sick if i touch that thing . ''
` ` should n't you at least buy her a drink before you bring that thing out ? ''
hell , i ca n't hear half the time on the damn thing when it 's directly against my ear . ''
you know my parents will be in first thing tomorrow and we probably both need some sleep for that . ''
i have to ride in that thing . ''
her yoga pants were the only thing she could still wear besides her dresses and tops .
the whole thing tumbled down right along with her .
luce imagined yanking the thing from her head and pitching it in the trash .
but then she looked down at the other thing still in her hand .
` ` you ' ve been reading that old thing ?
` ` you know how to fly this thing ? ''
she could either stand here frozen forever , or she could chicken out and go sulking back to the dorm , or -- her arm shot out , no longer shaking , and took hold of the thing .
soon the whole thing had taken on the size and shape of a large box .
but then steven clicked his ngers and the whole thing snapped up like a venetian blind rolling to the top of a window frame .
one of them had jammed the thing with an oversized new york bagel ; the other one had ipped out .
was it the brown shadow , the ugly thing that showed her an even uglier thing ?
look at that fortress thing down there . ''
` ` people drink from that thing ? ''
` ` this visor is not armor , but a thing of beauty .
but this suit was the only thing roland could find that would obscure his identity to the extent that he required .
her voice must have given something away , because shelby said , ` ` what is so major about this dusty old thing , anyway ? ''
she did n't realize how heavy that thing was until she was free of it .
` ` i take it she knows what to do with that thing , '' cam said .
as the old thing creaked open , luce edged forward , expecting something magical - or at least historic - to be revealed .
the whole thing up in flames .
a long brown robe was the only thing in it .
i was gon na tell you that you were lost but i 'll tell you whatever the hell you want me to as long as you put that thing away .
` ` do you even have a license for that thing ? ''
then she opens the damn thing for me . ''
parties were not my thing .
i also wanted to kiss him with that thing in his mouth .
i could n't swallow a thing like this .
the flick of his tongue was wicked with that thing involved .
she knows how to use that thing better than most men . ''
i doubt you ' ve ever pulled that thing out on anyone in your life . ''
` ` i got a tiny thing - you only weighed five and a quarter pounds - with no hair at all and huge blue eyes .
* * * ` ` shut that thing down , '' nick said .
she 'd lusted over this thing , but he always said she did n't need an eighteen - hundred - dollar word processor .
` ` they caught a sexual assault first thing .
he 'd been encouraged by her moving something of hers into the new house until it dawned on him that , other than a toothbrush , it was the only thing she had brought .
` ` i was , but i dropped my phone getting out of the car and the thing froze up . ''
` ` i ' ve got just the thing for a broken heart . ''
` ` dean , i promise you , i had nothing to do with this , but i will take care of it first thing in the morning . ''
just the same , they had prepared for that with stashed baseball bats and a thing of mace shaun had quietly dug from carrie 's purse .
she ca n't talk around that damn thing . ''
hmmm , i 'll pick the nak*d thing every time .
he had started seeking her out almost every day , first making it look accidental and later , as their conversations had gotten easier and increased in frequency , he had begun bringing her things like her favorite coffee or candy .
her father walked over and gave him a piece of paper with his cell phone number on it and asked if he would call if there was any change and assured him they would be back first thing in the morning .
you ' ve got that thing . ''
luxuriously soft , it had become the thing marah chose to sleep with .
they 'd start with some establishing shots - background , hospital interior and exterior , that sort of thing .
tully tried to smile , but it was n't the real thing .
on saturday , tully called johnny first thing in the morning .
i dress in the only thing that fits comfortably over my widening hips - a black knit pencil skirt , knee - length boots , and a black silk fitted blouse with an asymmetrical collar .
it 's the only thing i remember her giving to me .
my thoughts are too fuzzy , and i know i should n't blow into this thing if i have been drinking .
the poor , pathetic little thing lay in her wrinkled palm and made her remember .
i tried to spit out the thing in my mouth and then ...
my parents lived in the shadow of this weird new thing called a space needle that looked like an alien ship stuck on top of a tower .
it was like honey and smoke , a sweet masculine taste that made her wet , made things low on her body clench and beg .
poor thing was scared out of her mind .
` ` why do n't you call your folks first thing in the morning and tell them they can come out as soon as they can arrange it .
i ' ve scanned the perimeter and ca n't find another damn thing .
she 'd thought he 'd fallen in , but now she was beginning to wonder if he had made the thing by slamming into the ground .
` ` that thing that 's going to get you home .
i should ' ve left the damn note thing alone .
i ' m so hungry at this point i take the wrapper off one of the cakes and shove the whole thing in my mouth .
ghost grabs another chocolate peanut butter cupcake , tears the wrapper away and shoves the whole thing in his mouth .
rawr raaawr ` ` yeesh babe , you got ta get someone to fix that damn thing . ''
i grab the closest thing to me .
i reach over and smack him right over the head with my stick thing .
the poor thing looks exhausted .
as long as i have you , i wo n't need a thing . ''
she also gave me some bits and pieces from our old place because nik already has things to match his home .
i grab one , unwrap it and shove the whole thing in my mouth .
` ` some safety thing .
not a second later , i cringe as i realize that asher 's head probably just exploded from the amount of noise that thing causes in the white rabbit 's security room .
we do n't need to use a thing .
number one is do not wear the same thing twice in a row . ''
the entire thing was a little shorter than my forearm .
` ` this thing you gave me .
phone calls at all hours , trips here or to my house in new orleans when i take the damned thing off the hook . ''
she was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen and he would die if he could n't be inside her again .
when he was assured the thing was dead , he picked up her camera case and shook it vigorously before searching every pocket and compartment thoroughly .
by the time the thing was on he was desperate for her .
his hands fisted in serena 's hair before he could stop himself , anchoring her in place as she did the most amazing things with her mouth .
the floor of the coat closet had been soaked in her own blood , so much so that her parents had had to rip the entire thing apart to get rid of the smell .
it was the first thing that came on when i turned on the tv . ''
tell my receptionist i want to see her first thing in the morning .
but that thing on your neck is not something a burglar would do .
` ` the only thing in the kitchen that would tempt me would be you on top of the kitchen table . ''
if he had to see that hideous thing one more time , he was going to lose it .
and paul , all two hundred plus pounds of vermont farm boy , had read the damn thing surreptitiously because he loved her .
but he was playing one track from the damn thing over and over and over again in his office , while i was cataloging part of his personal library .
she graciously accepted his more sophisticated replacement as well as his patient tutelage in learning how to operate the damn thing .
grace had banished the unsightly thing to the basement .
you probably think it 's horrible - to have such a morbid and ugly thing on my body .
` ` having seen you nak*d , i should demand that the only thing you wear in my presence from now on are these earrings .
but it is n't a healthy thing to hold on to . ''
( it should be noted that at that point , julia wished he 'd left the damn thing at home . )
her cell phone went off the moment the wheels on her charger hit the correct exit ramp and she growled at it , wishing the damn thing into the tenth circle of hell .
he wished he 'd brought his truck instead , but the thing guzzled gas like nothing else .
` ` you could fit five people in that thing . ''
she whipped a holder out of the box and slammed the card into the poor thing .
for starters , the thing was bigger than most houses in the city .
the elevator could n't move fast enough , and she was surprised chase and madison did n't end up hav**g s*x in the thing .
the thing was blue , red , purple , and green .
of course , the thing was the size of a small van and featured a kaleidoscope of colors .
it was the only thing with color - red walls .
reaching for her glass , she nearly downed the whole thing ... and that was kind of hot .
` ` whoa , '' he said , stepping around that thing .
it 's kind of dumb and really pathetic , but i always liked the stupid thing . ''
taking her time with her toilette , she glanced around the room , content to be surrounded by her own things even in a strange place .
` ` if i never see the blasted thing again it will be too soon . ''
that thing you do with your tongue ... but unfortunately for you , i make it a habit to learn the business end of my liaisons before i even consider the pleasure end of them . ''
` ` i- '' ` ` i ' ve got a flight scheduled for yakima first thing tomorrow morning , '' oliver told her matter - of - factly .
` ` and be ready to leave for colville first thing tomorrow . ''
the poor thing shivered in the cold .
she did n't know how long the poor thing had fended for herself , but that was about to end .
considering the fondness with which he wore the thing , he might well choose to eat in it , too .
i tried to act like i knew what i was doing , play it cool , that sort of thing .
a pity party seemed just the thing to help three lonely women make it through a bleak friday night .
` ` can you figure out how to get this thing working before the next ice age ? ''
i 'll call you first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i have no idea how to ride that thing . ''
i hope you like salmon ; it 's one thing i can make by myself . ''
she was six now and a sassy little thing that did n't know the meaning of the word disabled .
` ` damn baby , that 's about the prettiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
it was n't the kind of thing a man would pick out and had to be a christmas gift from his mom .
there was only a slight hesitation before the housekeeper said , ` ` no , i think he 'll be quite late , but i 'll give him your message first thing in the morning . ''
` ` say , boss , if you do n't want to see that fancy little thing , i 'd be happy to fill in for you , '' nev offered , grinning .
this thing is part of the image . ''
it wrapped her modestly , but the silk kissed every soft curve just the way he wanted to do , and all morning long it had been teasing at him that the damned thing was fastened with only those two buttons .
people would sit around and talk , eat barbecue and drink beer , the children and some of the adults would swim , and the thing would break up of its own accord at about ten o'clock .
he had no idea what the damn thing was .
` ` that thing in the temple was branded with ' hb-12 . ' ''
` ` it means that thing was part of a greater program , but i ca n't tell how extensive it was . ''
she could n't find a damn thing wrong with his body and she was trying .
she gasped , bucking like a wild thing within the cage of his powerful arms .
you might want to get that thing checked . ''
` ` yeah , who knew you 'd actually use the damn thing ?
considering the thing looked the worse for wear , connor understood it was important .
look at these two brawny , ex - special forces guys who did n't do a goddamned thing to stop a kidnapping ! ' ''
the damn thing was killing him now .
` ` we need to clean this thing off , bruce , and see if we can find mention of whatever - it - is in here . ''
stacey struggled with the door , feeling frantically for the lock , cursing in frustration until the damn thing gave way and freed her .
` ` she says rachel intends to return for that thing in her head .
` ` i ' m sick to death of poring over that blasted thing .
` ` poor thing , '' he murmured , dabbing at the cut .
i should be enraged , furious , that the wretched thing broke .
there was only one thing for it - francis must never know how she felt about him .
picking up the closest thing within his reach , he hurled emily 's book across the room .
` ` i have just the thing ! ''
resnick fidgeted with his cigarette and garrett was tempted to tell him to just light the damn thing and get it over with .
she struggled with her bra , and in her haste , she managed to put the damn thing on inside out .
garrett took it from her , turned the dish upside down onto a glass platter and tapped until the whole thing came out .
dad had never changed a thing , leaving it exactly the same as it had been on the day my mother died .
i crossed the room and yanked the thing out from under her .
i 'd had the thing since i was born - a small , brownish pink circle on the underside of my left breast , right where the mist that had become a man had suckled me .
i had n't seen the thing because the girl 's hair had masked the body looped around her neck .
grace stared at her hand as if she 'd forgotten she held the thing , then holstered it with an impatient shove .
blah , '' and threw the thing away .
i do n't know why i thought the thing resembled a castle , as it was built of wood , not stone .
i reached the porch , thundered up the stairs , and rang the bell , hitting the button so hard the thing rang three times in a row .
` ` i could n't find a trace of the thing today , '' she said , ` ` and no one 's seen ryan freestone , either .
i dropped the key ring onto the ground , the loud clash against the pavement making me jump , even though i 'd been the one to drop the thing in the first place .
not that i could get help here faster than a speeding bullet , but at least i could throw the thing at his head .
i never would have imagined that such a thing could almost make me come .
` ` not in a gun , but - ` ` she tossed the thing at me .
` ` in the dark , with all the prehistoric trees and creepy crawlies , you happened to stumble upon this little ole thing . ''
she was a brave slip of a thing , barely meeting his shoulder .
i did n't really mind , but when we first left i expected to need to wait for my car to warm up and melt away the ice and snow while chipping at it with my barely adequate ice scraper snow brush thing .
i nearly threw it against the wall in annoyance , except i stopped because i 'd never be able to listen to my messages if the broke the stupid thing .
i clicked it because it was the only thing to click , but it was n't what i wanted to click .
i borrowed a cup from atop the water machine and filled the tiny paper thing with water .
no , he ordered me to go to a specific place and buy specific things .
old , timid daisy would never wear such flimsy , sweet , colorful things .
` ` a woman 's cunt is soft , delicious thing , '' he tells me .
that i could buy her a phone or a few pieces of clothing or even pay her rent is the only thing i can provide , and she rejects even that .
it is a massive wooden thing .
she went to the desk in the corner of the room , remembering the day she 'd found it , how michael had laughed and said , it 's the ugliest thing ever , how many times has it been painted ?
` ` put a twisty thing in it . ''
lulu was like a pitbull straining on a leash ; she kept grabbing michael 's hand and surging forward , yanking him toward some cheap , sparkly thing .
in the kitchen , michael checked jolene 's meal board - another thing he 'd learned made life easier .
he reached for a thing that looked like a big sock and put it on her residual leg .
and his mind swam with the mere thought that all he need do was compromise the poor thing , and he could spend the rest of his days and nights running his fingers through her hair .
it felt as if they had done nothing all day except get in and out of the blasted thing ; he was ready to be done .
the poor dear sat there for an hour , nicholas ; an entire hour with the slimy thing in her lap .
the poor thing was probably eternally mortified .
no , i merely wanted to report the news since you plan on leaving first thing in the morning .
even though it was en vogue , her sister would not be pleased , but this was the type of thing that gained men 's attentions .
the poor thing did look quite put out , perhaps she was coming down with the ague ?
` ` close your mouth before you scare the poor thing .
the poor thing was going to freeze to death !
` ` i meant to leave first thing in the morning .
` ` after all , she 's a tough old thing .
` ` did n't he say something about seeing it last thing at night and first thing in the morning ? ''
because i could swear the thing was a werewolf .
even if someone had opened it , turned the thing on , played around , he would n't have found anything .
the only thing i found was a .45 taped behind the toilet tank .
` ` i should be able to see it first thing in the morning .
he took the gun , holding it between two fingers , as if the thing might go off at any moment .
they were too tight to hide the thing , but i was n't going anywhere without a silver bullet - firing weapon again .
of course he 'd have to have been watching me hide the thing ... a fact i did n't want to examine too closely .
why now , of all times , had he buttoned the damn thing ?
in truth , the thing had been aching on and off since i 'd seen , or imagined , the white wolf .
put the thing on and let 's go . ''
` ` remember what the witchy woman said - this thing can shift in ways we do n't even know about . ''
the thing was trashed .
if the thing was made of silver ...
i yanked a pillowcase off a pillow and tied the thing around my arm .
my ego was a fragile thing .
` ` this is the only fancy thing i have . ''
we visited a few bakeries , more than one stationery shop , and a few dress places , just to try things on .
but i got you the closest thing i could . ''
` ` where did you learn that thing ? ''
i wanted to fight him , to bite and kick , throw things at him - i wanted to do every irrational thing that came to my mind , but instead i just stood there , very still , staring at him .
i ' ve been wearing it in this stupid secret pocket thing i bought out of skymall a couple years back .
he had the money ten times over , so he fronted me and i bought the damn thing .
` ` okay , so there 's this thing .
but still , when i went into the drugstore and bought the thing , i could n't stop my heart from jumping into my throat .
screwdrivers , little needle - nose pliers , he 's got my whole toolbox unpacked and he 's just performing surgery on this thing .
i was n't going to let that thing sit out overnight and get dust in it , or god knows what .
` ` he hated that thing . ''
i marveled at that thing , even though it was already a few years out of date .
obviously , my next step was to find out what made this thing tick .
i was n't allowed to use the camera anymore for semi - related reasons , so i tried to take as many detailed mental ' snapshots ' as i could , before i put the thing back together .
the loafing shed had been the first thing he 'd built .
the only thing he 'd brought with him .
every morning she raced to the window first thing and wrenched her curtains aside .
i certainly hope i had n't drunk the whole thing .
i inch my lips along his length , working the entire thing into my mouth .
` ` it 's the sweetest thing ever , '' i tell him as i step in .
and the only thing he has in the house , to my knowledge , is the prescription xanax .
after a fairly sleepless night , we go the police station first thing in the morning .
i have to admit , it was a shock to find out you were kian 's little play thing until i saw it all play out in my brother 's mind .
she might be a slip of a thing , and she looked deceptively harmless , but she was a force to be reckoned with .
but i 'll give you the next best thing .
` ` one of those icy coffee things .
you can drive this thing faster than i can . ''
so amanda had gone to pick up a few things , including several of her favorite childhood books , while daisy took an afternoon nap .
she was no stranger to riding crops either , farm land had stretched around her home town and she had gone to the feed and seed stores with her foster parents to but things for the garden , what the man would want with him she did n't understand .
you found a bunch of other women who were looking for the same thing and you all got together and laughed at me , did n't you ?
he stayed where he was long after the carriage had rolled away , his mindreplayingthe incident and certain things that had been said.i could climb this damn thing ifi just hadmy breeches on and notthesehorrid skirts .
` ` oh , you poor , dear thing , you !
` ` this thing is an antique .
she had sort of appreciated the gesture , even if the darn thing was about as cheap as you could get .
woody had no idea that stupid thing was worth anything .
` ` how much you say this thing is insured for ? ''
` ` uh , there is no such thing , mrs . randall .
how had the kid found that thing ?
` ` you pulled that thing out of the trash ?
` ` why would you want that thing ? ''
way i figure it , a diaper bunny is about the shittiest thing you could put on jim ferguson 's cup car . ''
either you pull over and let me drive , or you put this thing in gear and pass that truck .
but i 'd really like to know if this car seat thing is going to allow us to tone down the color of the car .
despite the soccer - mom qualities of the well - used windstar , clay rhodes drove that thing like he was the stock car driver and not tulane .
the thing was loaded down with computer and communication equipment that could rival any big city .
the visitor leaned on that thing , making it ding and dong several times in succession .
and if you ask me , that is truly tragic , when you think about the way sarah used that thing to manage pete 's funeral . ''
it was the kind of thing that brought out hugh 's rebellious schoolboy every time .
holy smokes , someone had really cranked that thing up , had n't they ?
this was not the sort of thing a senator 's aide wore in public .
lark turned back toward her late father 's suv , a giant silver thing that drove like an ocean liner and guzzled gas like one , too .
it looked exactly like the sort of thing a little old lady would wear .
` ` news travels faster here than it does on the facebook , or whatever you young ' uns call that thing .
it was just a camera , not some evil thing .
the car was locked , and as near as stone could tell there was n't a thing out of place .
it was a short thing , but it almost felt as if something inside had broken away .
it took more energy than he thought it would , just to slide the damn thing off his finger .
` ` okay , what do i do with this thing ? ''
damn it all , why the hell had n't he taken the fool thing off ?
he stared at the muddy , sodden thing a long moment , trying to decide what it was .
savannah turned the damn thing off and tucked it into her oversized purse .
hopefully the pine needles would provide a soft landing for the gadget ; otherwise dash was going to be out a few hundred to replace the thing .
how are you going to pay for a thing like that ?
the poor thing was confused .
in his hand was a weapon i 'd seen in the guardians ' arsenal : a baton - type thing used to incapacitate people without killing them .
despite the fact that she 'd had time to explore the whole thing a few times over during their flight from boston to new york , she was still in awe of the sheer size of it .
she turned and picked up her small purse , the only thing of hers that was on this plane anyway , with every intention of following her initial instinct getting off the plane now while it was still possible .
call him up first thing in the morning and make a date for thursday . ''
you 're lucky your car was the only thing i hit . ''
how do i reset this thing ? ''
` ` can we talk about all this after you tell me how to reset this thing ?
` ` if you can climb the walls in this thing , i can think of an immediate application for it right now . ''
the screen was off center and the words were scrambled , but there was some life in the thing .
mom laughed , which pissed me off more , especially since she then suppressed her amusement and regarded me in that mom - way of , she 's a teenager , poor thing .
the only thing i do n't have is any mud for him to roll around in , but i figure he can roll in the snow , right ? ''
christina swirled a generous galaxy of whipped cream onto earl 's raspberry mocha , drizzled the cream with bright red raspberry syrup , and topped the whole thing off with a white plastic lid .
where was that stupid thing ?
he saved the file and would forward it to his boss in sacramento first thing tomorrow .
he should have wine and flowers and all the things women loved .
the beer from the fridge was cold , and he wanted to take the damn thing and roll it over his forehead .
she laughed - the most beautiful sound - and she was braless , the only thing between them a narrow strip of silk sitting at her hips .
` ` the only thing that gets smoked around here is catnip , '' he said , ` ` and not by me . ''
` ` you 're sure this thing will work ? ''
and then she lit a cigarette and sucked on it so hard for so long that i thought the entire thing might burn off in one drag .
i smoked the whole goddamned thing .
the colonel 's mom lived in a trailer , as in the kind of thing you might see attached to a large pickup truck , except this particular one was old and falling apart on its cinder blocks , and probably could n't have been hooked up to a truck without disintegrating .
the old man stood blinking at it , as though he had never seen such a thing before .
she stood unmoving , a small , draggled thing , like a mouse rescued from a cat - perhaps too late .
this was by now apparent ; the cabinet contained a life - size figure , or rather half of one ; the thing ended at the waist , the bottom half of the cabinet presumably being filled with the clockwork mechanism whose whirring had attracted grey 's attention .
a single candle burned before the statue on the altar , a rather blank - faced thing with outspread hands - christ intercessor , he thought olivia had said it was .
the duke was wearing his favorite old jacket , a shabby thing of checkered wool , not fit for anything beyond puttering .
percy nudged the toe of his boot at the horse , a wooden thing like a child 's rocking - horse - save that the back was not flat , but rose to a ridge .
he could n't find anybody who would admit even to having seen the thing . ''
but the clammy , heavy feel of the thing against his skin revolted him , and the knowledge that the leech was slowly and pleasurably filling itself with his blood made him light - headed with disgust .
` ` behind the dyke thing , the land - ware . ''
a red thing , shot with black , pulsing and whirling like a pinwheel .
sharp - he felt his lungs bursting and had to breathe , would have screamed if he 'd had any breath , the knife edge of the spinning thing slicing through his flesh like butter .
he could see his heart , too , a pulsing dark - red thing , almost black by contrast with the brilliant crimson of the pain .
is that thing loaded ? ''
` ` the cup o ' the druid king , the very thing ! ''
` ` but- '' ` ` now , the monks are keepin ' the precious thing close and quiet , to be sure .
jamie lowered himself gingerly onto the pink - striped satin damask , but the thing was sturdily built and bore his weight without creaking .
` ` me old gran says a sour pickle 's the thing for seasickness .
i did n't like to take the thing off , for it 's plain to see that you could n't do it without pulling the finger to pieces .
but '' -he clasped his hands behind his back and leaned forward- '' what is the thing carved into the bottom there ? ''
take that cursed thing and do as quinn wants .
` ` i canna touch the thing .
grey had recognized the thing from his description ; had told him it was a war club , a weapon made by the iroquois .
hardwood , and , in the right hands , a very deadly thing .
not all the officers - but once the thing is in motion , the rest will fall in .
still , he might be using the druid cup as inspiration to those followers whose dedication was not quite sure - and if he had the cup and had been showing the dreadful thing about , there might well be rumors of it .
jamie realized that the thing was given into his hands , to do with as he wished .
he had it in mind to lay the cup there , let quinn take the bloody thing to hell with him , if he liked .
it 's only a light thing , barely any boning .
the odious garment - he could feel the hard edge of it pressing into willie 's soft flesh , just below his oxter - made jamie want to spur up and ride hell - bent for the border , pausing only to strip the thing off and throw it into the mere as they passed .
it was the first thing i bought with a wage .
this pretty young thing did n't .
that thing cost more than i made in a month .
the damn thing was nudging my hip .
it was the exact thing that had cured my hangover a few hours before .
a big , white umbrella - looking thing and a silver reflector were adjusted at different angles .
it was a pretty , frilly thing , but i wanted it the f**k off her body .
some of the best things i 'd ever tasted - roasted meats , fresh ravioli stuffed with ricotta cheese and sweet basil , all paired with scrumptious local wines .
i had no clue how that thing would feel inside me .
his fingertips lightly circled my sensitive cl*t as he whispered sweet and dirty things in my ear .
even the coffeemaker looked as if the user would need a degree in engineering to work the thing .
and this thing , '' he continued lazily , grasping a handful of material , ` ` does n't qualify as a skirt . ''
the f-22 is the only thing in production fast enough to give the prototypes a good test .
she sat down and tried to think what she had done with the thing , since she knew she had worn it the day before , but she drew a complete blank .
despite the size of the thing , the water level rose quickly .
daffy screamed , and bowie was yelling , ` ` this goddamn thing just went off !
three things had gone wrong simultaneously : the laser had activated , the lock - on had targeted daffy 's aircraft and the thing had automatically fired .
` ` this thing is huge .
since the restriction order had only been issued that night , had captain hodge called in someone to enter it into the computer or left it to be done first thing in the morning ?
because he had n't seen any need to ; she had been under guard , and the codes would be deleted from the computer first thing in the morning .
it will probably hang in her closet , forgotten with the tags on it , or worse - worn and then tossed aside like a napkin because she ca n't possibly be seen in the same thing twice .
do you want to pick up some things from your place now ? ''
` ` freddy was leaning against the chair while searching the desk and there was n't a damned thing i could have done to help anyone while stuck under there . ''
however , his fingers were sticking out the top end and waving at me the entire time as you struggled to hold the thing and lie about what the three of you were doing .
i reach for the only thing that 's ever helped in times like these .
as i struggle to keep the skeleton 's fingers out of my eyes , m lumbers towards me , pulls the thing off me , and flings it into three others about to jump on him from behind .
' you loved that thing .
' fuck this thing , ' she mumbles to herself .
it 's their one and only pub , or at least the closest thing they have to a pub in this new bastion of prohibition .
' this ... reviving thing ? '
maggie gave me the damn thing as a joke and i hated it on sight . ''
a tiny scrap of fire engine red panties was the only thing that blocked his view .
though the weather turned toward winter and whipped the valley with an icy wind , she scorned mother nature by donning a silky , slippery material , with a low - cut neckline and spaghetti straps to hold the whole thing up .
you should get rid of that thing anyway .
mind sharing how you learned to handle that thing , let alone know what it can do ? ''
did n't owe him a thing .
a tattoo of some snake / serpent thing was etched around his neck like a permanent collar .
as if he did n't need to show off for anyone because he possessed the real thing .
he listened to that rosetta stone thing and learned the language in record time .
though i ' m sure you found a decent consolation prize in place of the real thing . ''
that thing cost a fortune and resembles a spy unit .
i told mama i built the thing myself . ''
toothbrush , robe , t - shirts , that sort of thing ? ''
i gave him some water in that sippy thing . ''
an expensive blender thing with wheels took up the center .
no , no , it 's a silly thing .
it was a silly little thing , and carina would probably read it , get a laugh , and throw it away .
she just wanted that beautiful thing in her one way or the other .
it was a secret santa thing at work , and i happened to be out of soap , so i brought it on this trip instead of throwing it in the salvation army donation bag .
she 'd left her bottle on the back porch last night , so rather than risking a bad choice he 'd simply bought the same thing .
he 'd known her three days , would be boarding a plane first thing in the morning and though he always dreaded leaving , it was never quite like this .
though he could n't understand how she could have forgotten her jacket since she 'd brought only a couple of things with her , one thing had just made itself abundantly clear : he was definitely glad it had happened .
knowing my luck , the thing would n't talk .
she unlocked the trunk , and he placed her things inside .
* * * the following day , garrett took happenstance out first thing in the morning and stayed on the water until after the sun went down .
` ` how did this thing blow open ? ''
` ` what all do you have in this damned thing ?
` ` this thing has character , '' she commented , regaining a small portion of her composure .
the truck skewed sideways on a sea of mud , and grant gave all his attention to steering the thing in a straight line again .
` ` does this thing have a radio ? ''
` ` let 's get this thing off you , '' he whispered , pulling at the nightgown and easing it up .
` ` leave the damned thing ! ''
` ` one of these days i ' m going to see what all 's in that thing , '' grant growled .
we ' ve got two days , we 're going in the same direction , why should n't we have a little randr and burn this thing out .
he 'd probably dented the damn thing .
it was retro - bration on rashier 6 and she had to wear the old - fashioned thing if she wanted to fit in - whether she hated it or not .
that had to be the least sexy thing she 'd ever worn in her life .
` ` janie , me love , i know ye enjoyed wearing that borrowed finery , but believe me , ye shine everyone else down in your own sweet things .
` ` this might be just the thing for finding your jane without being seen , '' she whispered .
the unemployment problem was one she hoped to correct first thing in the morning .
from the look of things , she 'd settled right in as though she owned the place .
i got a job with boeing and start first thing in the morning . ''
he was going to settle that matter first thing in the morning .
he would be leaving the hospital early that afternoon and leaving lindy first thing in the morning .
three were from lindy , who insisted he call first thing when he returned home .
by rights , he thought , he should toss the silly thing in the garbage .
` ` when i agreed to do you a favor , i thought you wanted me to pick up your cleaning or check on the apartment - that sort of thing .
` ` it was the first thing anyone had given her for the baby , and she was so pleased that she could barely talk . ''
i told him he could have the stupid thing .
a few months ago a bulldozer was the only thing that would get you out of this house . ''
hell , he was fortunate she did n't tear the damn thing right off its hinges .
i 'll be the laughing stock of the entire school if i wear that old thing . ''
` ` that ' old thing ' as you put it , will do nicely .
i ' m sure doc hanson will be able to see you first thing monday morning .
` ` keep the damn thing out of sight ! ''
if she could n't make the appointment , she was to contact the personnel office first thing in the morning .
i ca n't do a thing for either of them .
` ` put that thing down before you hurt yourself , '' he demanded with a growl .
she could n't think of a thing .
he 'd love to take a crack at flying the thing , but he 'd be damned if he 'd ask brogan .
` ` i think i can fly this thing ! ''
and they were the perfect thing to keep his mind off the ordeal ahead of them .
she barely had one now , but there was a sum chance he 'd be able to set this thing down without killing them both .
she 'd been so ashamed of it this morning as she 'd loaded it into nick 's trunk , and now she 'd never seen such a beautiful thing in her life .
i mean , what are the chances that two people , stranded on a deserted island , would have exactly the same thing wrong with their eyes ? ''
` ` let 's take the whole thing up into the shade and go through it .
` ` whatever that thing is that you do with your mouth , you should get a patent on it . ''
` ` it 's a compliment to get that reaction first thing in the morning , knowing i must look like a bag lady after all we ' ve been through . ''
she could eat the whole thing and that would n't put a dent in her hunger .
` ` listen , jack , if it 's you or the suitcase , i want you to take that thing off and drop it . ''
he had n't forgotten how much she loved the silly thing .
` ` here , let me take that thing . ''
` ` fucking thing 's loaded , it 's dry , and it wo n't fire .
it 's the little flowered thing with the zipper lying over here about a foot from me . ''
` ` put the damn thing out ! ''
i never can remember where i ' ve parked the damned thing . ''
` ` the poor thing 's been looking over her shoulder ever since she got here . ''
` ` is this thing gas - powered ? ''
he took out the razor , a heavy thing with a pearlized handle .
a lack of condoms would have been one more thing to keep him in check , because he could n't imagine going out to actually buy the things during this trip .
take that thing out from behind your ear . ''
` ` and this thing has been crooked ever since we got here . ''
` ` you expect to keep that thing in the front of the truck or the back of the truck ? ''
i almost shit a brick when that thing rattled .
another thing that she 'd thought about and had n't been able to afford .
another thing joey could use in court to convince a judge he 'd make a better parent .
as joey drove the gold sedan to lainie 's apartment complex , he thought how glad he 'd be to get rid of the damn thing and finally drive his vette again .
` ` got that thing turned on ?
one less thing for him to plant a bug in .
yes , he was still the guy who 'd bought himself an orange parka and a matching knit cap with a yellow pompom on top , but he was n't wearing either of those things right now as he rummaged through betsy 's kitchen drawers looking for a box of matches .
` ` before i end up eating the whole thing by myself .
she noticed that the tractor motor had been turned oft '' , as if dave had parked the thing right outside .
` ` did you ... um ... get the other thing ? ''
scooting under the bed on his back , he took off his glasses and stuck them in his pocket as he peered around , trying to remember exactly where he 'd attached the damned thing .
hey , forget that thing and come on back to bed . ''
he hoped to hell the thing worked the way it was supposed to .
zoe picked up the tiny bulblike thing and held it to her nose .
` ` you look funny holding that lighter thing . ''
` ` no , but i 'll bet there is such a thing somewhere in la . ''
it was the first thing i could find . ''
` ` what is that thing under your arm ? ''
i ' ve never had the real thing , but i know that ca n't be right . ''
` ` zoe , turn the damned thing on , okay ? ''
i loved that thing !
he thought of thing from the addams family , except her hand was a lot prettier than thing .
` ` i 'd like to get a look at that thing , myself , '' rick said .
the jumpsuit did n't look like the kind of thing charlie 's mother baked in .
the hovercraft might be just the thing .
might as well turn the thing on and see if it worked .
` ` but every time i think about you building that thing all by yourself ... '' she gazed up into eyes that held the special kind of softness that made her toes curl .
did not want to wear that thing again . ''
who 's building this crazy thing ? ''
first i want to inspect this thing you ' ve built .
` ` because , sure as the world , you 're going to crash this thing , and a bumper might just save your ass . ''
maybe he could steal the whole thing and then torch it .
they 'll be out to pick it up first thing in the morning . ''
` ` my guess is that they do n't want this thing to take off before they can sell the concept to the highest bidder . ''
she 'd been so intent on getting the thing in the air that she 'd given no thought to whether she 'd be in danger doing it .
but if you want my advice , whoever takes that purple thing out for a test run will suit up like an astronaut .
creating such a thing would take time away from the hovercraft , but it would mean she would n't have to depend on charlie , who was currently a royal pain in the butt .
next to the bed sat a machine with a probe thing attached , which charlie decided was the muscle stimulator .
that put him too close to the waterline for comfort , but his roommate was obviously strapped for cash and had taken the cheapest thing she could get with a sense of foreboding , he made his way to the cabin at the far end of the long corridor .
i ' m talking on this thing , lex !
neil wondered how the guy had known his name , and then he remembered the tacky nametag he 'd been forced to wear , a hideous thing on a red cord that totally clashed with nancy 's dark green sequins .
considering the force of her orgasm , it was a wonder she had n't fallen off the darned thing .
` ` damn it , how does this thing turn on ? ''
we need to move this thing .
` ` what if the rigging gives way and the whole thing comes crashing down ?
trust gillian to bring up the mattress thing .
i 'll have william research the companies that make that sort of thing so i can buy stock in them .
` ` except right now , i have to- '' ` ` amanda , do n't let her put a damned thing on your door if you do n't want her to .
better yet , let me see that thing . ''
i want to find the perfect thing to get his juices flowing , preferably before valentine 's day .
amanda paced in front of it , but the damned thing sat there doing nothing .
oh , and while you 're online , jump on over to some of the other sites i ' ve given you and see what sort of thing you might be able to order for william that 's different from what the g - spot carries .
i ' ve been playing with the silly thing since i bought it this morning .
assuming anyone believed it , the thing could end up selling millions of copies .
say , what 's that red pointy thing sticking out of your backpack ? ''
` ` but he only leaves these things at your office ? ''
` ` and i 'll get this thing out of sight . ''
` ` where did she find this thing , anyway ? ''
broke the damn thing . ''
` ` yes i do , because i want you to know the thing is n't even in my possession anymore . ''
mavis always pounces whenever i come home , so naturally she saw this red thing before i realized it was showing and wanted to know what it was .
` ` darn thing sticks . ''
she jerked the tab on her zipper and got the damned thing stuck on the placket .
they might make it worse , because i ' m dying to pry you out of that hideous thing . ''
the position was probably hard on your knees , and then you had to wear that purple thing .
i ca n't see that thing doing much damage , either . ''
mavis and chester already had the surveillance thing down .
` ` she 's trying to say that she does n't need that thing now that she has a live model . ''
not to interfere , mavis , but i ' m thinking if she drops it , the thing might go off again . ''
` ` i wanted you to have the real thing . ''
i think i have just the thing . ''
it had taken every coin she 'd saved for three years , but it was the finest thing she 'd ever owned .
' t was the most magnificent thing he 'd ever viewed .
he maneuvered his way across the chamber , shoving aside one of her trunks and being mindful not to knock her things from where they were draped across his chair and one of the benches .
that thing rides like a dream . ''
he thinks he can use that thing and not put a jacket on it then he can live in ignorance for all i care .
the things she planted in this ground stayed where she put them ; they sent out roots that ran deep into this land .
it was the ugliest thing lexi had ever seen , better suited to a four - year - old than a fourteen - year - old , but she loved it instantly .
there were gleaming copper pots hanging from a black skeletal thing above the eight - burner stove and fresh flowers in several places around the room .
he took the beer , jammed a pen into its side , snapped the cap , and guzzled the whole thing in one shot .
a sweet thing like you ?
she was on the back of some guy 's moped in milan and her skirt got caught in the spokes , and it was this flimsy gypsy skirt and the whole thing just tore away from the waistband , so there she was , in just her underwear and waistband , on this chic , busy street in milan while like a dozen bystanders tried to free her skirt from the moped tire . '
i did n't care about that thing on her face .
to you , she was just the lady who came in for an operation , or the lady who died , or the lady with the thing on her face , or the lady whose family was suing you .
` ` go on , sam , before the poor thing falls over .
` ` i know this is n't ideal , but it was the closest thing we thought would fit you .
and when i say vault , do n't imagine some bank vault - type thing , something you could maybe fit a car into .
gray also ordered the same thing , as well as a funnel cake .
he 'd call a realtor tonight and look at homes first thing in the morning .
if she did , she 'd eat the entire thing .
i know i make fun of him all of the time , but i ' m going to have to give him credit , that thing rocks .
madge flew past in a flurry of legs and arms and apron , and her little electronic ordering thing that was half iphone , half magic wand .
he was n't driving that thing .
mike threw the first thing he could find - jeremy 's abandoned phone - at him , hitting right on at the temple .
` ` no , not those kinds of diseases , and no , not that kind of thing you pick up , '' he said .
thought i 'd go over to that giant hamburger ... kitchen thing . ''
unable to move , nick stood there , gripping the butt of his gun , standing in the rain , knowing there was only one thing that could help him now .
she called her dad , who was waiting up for her again , and told him that she 'd be home first thing in the morning .
it was a pretty pink thing with a big red avc sewn across the bottom .
` ` turn that thing down , '' he said automatically .
the bed was a narrow , steel - railed thing tucked neatly inside an l - shaped privacy curtain .
` ` want to tell me why you 're throwing things and trying to wake everyone in the place up ? ''
she felt a twinge of guilt , especially since she 'd already decided to call in the country 's top heart surgeon first thing in the morning .
it had been there since the fifties , the kind of thing rarely seen outside of small towns anymore .
he nodded at one of the dags , a long - barreled , elegant thing with a scroll butt and silver - gilt fittings .
` ` aye , it 's a bonny thing .
` ` i ' m thinking i 'd better put it in mama 's surgery , '' she replied , keeping an absentminded grip on jem , who was struggling with single - minded energy to get at the pretty thing .
i 'll take the beardsley lads , too , so they can fetch back the berries and bits o ' things your mother wants for lizzie , straightaway . ''
i can still see every last thing in the china cabinet in the living room : mama 's great - grandfather 's hand - painted cake stand ( he was an artist , she said , and won a competition with that cake stand , a hundred years ago ) , the dozen crystal goblets that daddy 's mother left him , along with the cut - glass olive dish and the cup and saucer hand - painted with violets and gilt rims .
my hands were damp with excitement and nervousness , lest i drop the precious thing .
` ` why do you keep that vicious thing ? ''
proud , she waved at the pot , a homely squat thing with a red - brown glaze and yellow squiggly shapes painted round the middle .
i scrambled to my feet , my hand closing by reflex around the nearest thing approaching a weapon - an unfortunately small rock .
` ` the one thing i wo n't cut off is your tongue , '' he whispered .
fortunately , the shift i was wearing was one with sleeves ; the thing covered me decently enough from drawstring neck to the hem at mid - calf , but there was no denying that i felt uncomfortably exposed .
i very consciously relaxed my face and went about getting down the coffee things from the kitchen shelf .
i 'd check tom 's hand , then invite malva to come out with me in search of ginseng root , and any other useful things we might come across .
i was tempted to ask her what the thing on the front of my head looked like now , but was fairly sure i did n't want to hear the answer .
there were assorted herbs that could assist labor , but most of them were not things i 'd use , were there any danger of hemorrhage .
he brushed a last shaving from his creation and handed the blocky thing to felicite , whose mouth and eyes were round with awe .
despite herself , she glanced at the small shelf where she kept her personal things , and the dark brown jar of dauco seeds .
despite myself , i glanced at the candle , but it seemed a perfectly normal thing of brown beeswax , pleasantly fragrant and leaning a little crooked in its pottery candlestick .
no , she 's only been telling me her notions of improvement in the art of riflery , asking what it might cost to make such a thing . ''
` ` it needs to be done on an empty stomach , so we 'll do it first thing , before breakfast . ''
it was simple enough , a sort of double cage , hinged so that the two halves of it swung apart for the insertion of a thick layer of cotton wool between them , and then back together , the whole thing shaped to fit like a catcher 's mask over the patient 's nose and mouth .
` ` give me a retractor - yes , that thing . ''
yes , it was bree ; a long - fingered hand , wet with disinfectant , picked up the claw - shaped thing and put it in my waiting left hand .
he took the sodden fly from the hook , then hesitated over the collection on his hat , finally choosing a delicate green thing with a curving wisp of black feather .
he cast hastily round , and spotted ian murray , who was within reach , thank god , to grasp the thing and take it out .
the big , clear thing in the middle , lobed , with the little flecks in it ? ''
i began pounding wormwood and agrimony in my mortar , meanwhile wondering where the bloody hell the thing had come from .
` ` this thing weighs a ton . ''
that 's the most decadent thing i ' ve ever heard of , '' he said severely .
the raked arches of ribs rose huge from the dirt , and she had the impression of a scatter of things half - buried in the rubble at the foot of the bank : enormous things , knobbed and twisted .
the raked arches of ribs rose huge from the dirt , and she had the impression of a scatter of things half - buried in the rubble at the foot of the bank : enormous things , knobbed and twisted .
a morris minor , like that little orange thing you had in scotland ?
i grabbed the knife i used for everything from pruning to digging roots ; it was a stout thing , with a six - inch blade , and while it might not impress the bear , i felt better for having it .
she objected , insisting that she was perfectly fine , needed no such thing , they should save the ointment in case of future need - and yet she let him take her hand and smooth the sweet - smelling cream into her knuckles , the small fine bones of her hand hard under his fingers .
the mere thought of letting blood first thing in the morning was enough to make me want to vomit .
she held the thing like a baseball bat , gripped in both hands .
emmanuel made a derisive face at the thing in her hand and grabbed at her .
but ye 're the only thing i ' ve got right now will keep your men from killin ' me . ''
but the feel of it faded against his skin ; he felt the weight of the thing in his hand , but there was no shape of hilt or trigger to remind him , and it was gone again .
any baby might grab at a brightly colored shiny thing like a ruby ring - but then i remembered her cooing , batting at my decrepit leather amulet pouch with the raw sapphire inside .
` ` aye , and it had a thing on top like a wee club , only wi ' a knob to each end , and the club was tied to the box wi ' a sort of black cord , curled up on itself like a piggie 's tail .
graciously fanning away the attentions of an ardent young man in purple , i then spread the thing inconspicuously beneath my chin to deflect crumbs while i nibbled at a piece of toast with salmon on it .
he wore his plaid today pinned with a brooch at the shoulder - a beautiful thing his sister had sent him from scotland , made in the shape of two running stags , bodies bent so that they joined in a circle , heads and tails touching .
i would be interested to see what else can be done with a thing like that . ''
bed rest is really the only thing , and even that often wo n't do it . ''
the yellow gown was one of my best , a loose , graceful thing made in the modish sacque style , with a wide rolled collar , full sleeves , and a beaded closure down the front .
the bloody thing was n't poisonous , after all .
` ` i rode all the way to orvieto , seeing it ; seeing his hands on the white of your skin , his lips on your neck , his - his cock - i saw it at the lever - i saw the damn filthy , stubby thing sliding up ... god , claire !
` ` if that thing lands in my ear , jamie , i ' m going to- '' i began .
the room seemed to be swaying a bit , and i took a deep gulp of tea as being the nearest thing to a restorative available .
` ` i have n't seen that old thing in years .
` ` big purple thing , '' he explained to me , fumbling his loosened thong .
just as i realized that this effect was the result of the mound 's being covered in cut turves , the whole thing blew up .
no , but- '' ` ` and you built the bloody thing in two days , with nothing but a felling ax and a knife , for god 's sake !
myers had brought a small but useful selection of tools , the iron parts clanking in a bag , to be supplied with wooden handles from the forest close at hand : a barking ax and another felling ax , a plowshare for the spring planting , augers , planes and chisels , a small grass scythe , two hammers and a handsaw , a peculiar thing called a ` ` twibil '' that jamie said was for cutting mortises , a ` ` drawknife '' -a curved blade with handles at either end , used to smooth and taper wood - two small sharp knives , a hatchet - adze , something that looked like a medieval torture device but was really a nail - header , and a froe for splitting shingles .
` ` oh , she did when she was little - i used to take her to the hospital now and then , and she was fascinated by all the equipment ; she loved to play with my stethoscope and the otoscope - a thing you look in ears with - but then she changed her mind .
more clinking , and he emerged at last with his hands full of things , including a towel and the bottle full of the shampoo i had made - not wishing to wash my hair with lye soap - from soaproot , lupin oil , walnut leaves and calendula flowers .
no longer the sort of thing that burned the page , though .
how big 's the thing ? ''
` ` that 's because there 's no way of keeping things ; anything you eat has either been salted or preserved in lard , if it is n't half rancid - or else it 's fresh off the hoof or out of the garden , in which case it can be bloody marvelous . ''
he had a gun , a long - barreled thing that seemed nearly as tall as she was .
roger was stunned , not only by the size of the thing but by its stupidity .
the child was wearing some long thing made of white gauzy stuff ; he lifted it , looking at the sagging diaper and the perfect oval of the tiny navel just above .
fine place to sell my hides ; any little bits of things i have to get rid of .
had i had such a thing , i reflected , uncle lamb would have filled it with potsherds long before i could have got near it with a bunch of daisies .
` ` ruddy thing , '' he muttered , seeing it rolling merrily away in the rearview mirror as we roared down the drive in high gear .
` ` we had one - rather a crusty old thing really , a piper from the third seaforths - who could n't stand being stuck , especially not in the hip .
it was growing late by the time we finally left the vicarage , with the vicar promising to take the letters to town for copying first thing in the morning .
i turned , having missed colum 's words in the growing noise , to find him offering me the decanter , a lovely bell - shaped thing of pale green crystal .
jamie spent the night in chains , and went to the whipping post first thing in the morning . ''
two - thirds the weight of the larger weapon , it was a deadly , gleaming thing with islamic tracery snaking its way up the blue steel blade to the spiraled basket hilt , enameled in reds and blues .
the only needle available turned out to be a sturdy thing like a slender awl , used by the drovers to mend harness .
` ` you were riding that thing ? ''
` ` broke an axle - tree outside of stirling , and we were becalmed three days - in the pouring rain , mind you - before my footman could find a blacksmith to come and repair the blasted thing .
get a blow in for our side first thing .
` ` raspberry leaves , that 's the thing .
` ` he 's got all the normal herbs there , and a greenhouse so tiny that he ca n't even stand up straight inside it , with things that should n't grow at this season , or should n't grow in this part of the world , or just should n't grow .
i mean '' -i hesitated , not wishing to seem rude- '' to you , the thing on the altar in the chapel is god .
the bracelet was a lovely thing , a single row of large baroque pearls , set between twisted gold chains .
i did in fact have on a linen shift under my gown , but it was a thin , ragged thing , suitable for rough camping - out in summertime , but quite insufficient to stem the wintry blasts that blew through my skirt as though it were cheesecloth .
somewhat depleted of the commoner herbs i had brought with me , my stock had been augmented by the good offices of myers , who had brought me several rare and useful things from the indian villages to the north , and by judicious trading with murray macleod , an ambitious young apothecary who had made his way inland and set up shop in cross creek .
barter was the common means of trade - i knew that well enough , i thought , glancing down at the bag of odd things folk had brought me in payment for my herbs and simples .
phaedre murmured assent and left the tent , pausing only to shake out the blue thing she had been sewing and fold it carefully over her stool .
i was shocked by the watch chain 's reappearance , but a moment 's rationality corrected my first alarmed impression that jemmy had in fact swallowed the thing .
he saw me turn to go , and must ha ' thought he 'd outstayed his welcome , for he pulled the watch from his pocket to have a wee keek , and i saw the glint from that bittie round thing on the chain . ''
just the thing for a quick bath .
` ` no , she 'll always have it , poor thing .
` ` i just - i mean - well , i had a wee thing i meant to give ye , only i lost it , but then you seemed to think it a sweet thing that wee roger had plucked a few gowans for brianna , and i- '' he broke off , muttering something that sounded like ` ` ifrinn ! ''
` ` this binocular thing , '' he said , gesturing vaguely toward his eyes .
i might have gotten the eye thing from her , i mean . ''
at the same time , the effect of the thing seemed neither reverent nor protective .
the only thing in the cabinet that plainly had n't been touched was a tiny leather bag , the amulet given to me by the tuscaroran shaman nayawenne ; that lay askew in a corner by itself .
` ` you know , '' i said conversationally , ` ` i think a bit of whisky would be just the thing for that , do n't you ? ''
he 'd worn a plaid like this only twice before , and both times , had had help to put the thing on .
` ` she has n't even been properly cleaned , poor thing .
and it 's a wee thing ; easy enough to carry along when we left scotland . ''
he nodded , still looking at the thing .
i could almost imagine that he was willing her to touch the thing , as strongly as i was willing her not to .
liquor flowed like water at the party , and there were already men leaning on old hector 's mausoleum , glaze - eyed and slack - jawed ; he caught a glimpse of someone behind the thing , too , having a piss in the shrubbery .
i would myself have hesitated to administer an emetic to a comatose patient , but i had to admit that it was n't an unreasonable thing to do in a case of suspected poisoning , even if the poison was something as commonly accepted as alcohol - and if dr . fentiman had perhaps detected the same thing jamie had ...
friday , the 10th of may halted , ordered the waggons to be refitted , horses to be shod , and every thing put in repair .
hermon husband was the closest thing the regulators had to a real leader ; they would listen to him , i was sure .
` ` i ' ve told roger mac to go first thing in the morning , to find husband , '' he said , setting about the stew with renewed appetite .
he pulled this out , opened its drawstring , and slowly drew out a ... thing .
he turned the thing over , displaying a flat surface etched with several concentric circles , these in turn subdivided by hundreds of tiny markings and symbols .
this side had a revolving bit like the compass - needle thing on the other side , but rectangular in shape , and with the ends bent upward , flattened and notched so that the notches formed a pair of sights .
` ` so he 's gone off to london , and purchased the thing there at john 's instruction .
` ` it is verra fine , as to the workmanship of the thing . ''
brianna extended a hand and took the thing , frowning in absorption as she moved the inner dial .
my cousin jane had a case - clock , a lovely thing , ' twould chime like a church bell , and its face wi ' brass numbers , and a pair of wee cherubs flying right across , so- '' ` ` this is the first time i ' ve known what time it was , since i left the sherstons ' house . ''
` ` i always did wonder what was in this thing , '' claire said .
bending to look closer , brianna could see that the thing that looked like a crumpled dried leaf was in fact a fragment of a tiny bat 's wing , the fragile leather dried to translucence , a bone slender as a needle curving through it like the central rib of a leaf .
` ` bring it on , then - but i ' ve a wee thing to fetch whilst ye serve it out . ''
it was a plump thing , and very pretty , with a delicate , smoky - blue head and buff - colored breast feathers , the wing plumage a soft reddish - brown .
the metal of the astrolabe had seared him in the fire , and quick blisters had risen and burst beneath it , gluing the thing to him with their sticky fluid .
he made no attempt to keep it , but sat back , taking advantage of their preoccupation with the gaudy thing to gather his feet slowly under him .
i ca n't fit much in that dinky thing , but i could n't take the wash up to the big kettle at the house , because of washing the floor and spinning .
` ` why , the thing 's bent so , if you went to stick a man , you 'd end up cutting off his ear ! ''
and the nearest thing to a hospital - claire and her herbs - a day 's walk away .
still , it took some effort of will to pick the thing up .
` ` give me the bloody thing and i 'll put it away . ''
i lifted the edge of the skin with the slender probe i held in my other hand , and deftly inserted the tiny , wiggling thing into the small pocket thus provided - trying to ignore the nastily spongy feel of the flesh under my fingers , and my memory of aaron beardsley 's foot .
i asked , coming dutifully to admire the thing .
` ` you do n't want that nasty thing .
the thing stood more than three feet at the shoulder , and must weigh two hundred pounds or more , with curving yellow tushes the length of jemmy 's forearm .
they were all wanted by the government , for blowing things up or threatening to or something , i forget - and they were arrested , but then they got out on bail , and the next thing you know , they 'd all disappeared . ''
she had finally set the thing , but surely she had gotten it wrong .
she appeared with a wrap over her arm , some slinky sexy thing .
jack was n't particularly keen on foreign food , but he figured it was just the kind of trendy thing a woman like hannah would enjoy .
` ` let 's get this lovely thing on you and see what i can do with your hair , '' nora said , walking toward the room aundy was using .
` ` use that telephone thing and call mrs . nash .
` ` mrs . erickson , i think this is the best thing i ' ve ever tasted , '' glen said , closing his eyes as he savored the last bite .
they started out as service tunnels to legitimate businesses then they added a card room and saloons , chinese laundries , that sort of thing .
instead , her practical nature ruled over her emotions as she went to the storage shed where dent kept things they might need and found several old fruit crates .
` ` you 'll be an expert at playing that thing in no time , '' aundy said as she stopped the buggy on the side of the house so it would be easier to carry her purchases in the kitchen door .
looks like the real thing , but is n't , '' garrett said , thinking that description suited ashton particularly well .
she was a bitty thing , probably only about five - two , but her size did n't stop her from doing a bang - up job as a large - animal vet .
` ` but if we do n't start the washer first , i guarantee we 'll forget all about the damned thing and you wo n't have any clothes to wear home . ''
he hoped the damned thing would n't malfunction .
get over here , you stupid thing .
a sassy little thing like you would end up as venom 's bitch . ''
she was four years old , was my guess , and the cutest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` i called john and told him she was a wily little thing and had gotten away , '' rome said , ` ` but that i 'd find her soon and bring her ass in . ''
` ` there are people who can see in the shadows , not to mention a little thing called night vision goggles .
tanner held up the long , blue thing .
i thought it 'd be easy to find him since he 's only one man , and old at that , but he 's a wily thing .
rising upward so far he could n't see where the damn thing ended , it was the strongest deterrent he had ever come across .
the compliment made his c*ck twitch , and the damn thing was so jaded , it hardly ever did that without physical manipulation .
once he realized the hideous odor came from the ashtray , aidan tossed the entire thing out the window .
he stepped out from behind his little podium thing and actually sketched a little bow .
he was the furthest thing from the asian martial arts guru she had pictured in her mind .
i picked up the roll because it was the only thing on the tray i actually recognized and pinched off a piece before peering up at him .
` ` you got anything good recorded on this thing ? ''
i needed to figure out what this thing was .
` ` you know you should turn that thing off at school .
but i had n't got a thing .
we can look for the pu -- the thing later , '' i piped up .
miranda , however , had n't bought a thing .
if you tell me the age and gender of the person you 're shopping for , i can help you find just the thing .
` ` good luck getting that thing across the ice . ''
the only thing missing was a communication device in his ear and standard issue black ray - bans .
my home had become a dark , wicked thing where corruption and scandal took place .
` ` we'l go first thing monday morning . ''
i tried to tel her the poor thing would be dead in a week . ''
it was the only thing that would al eviate the wrenching pain in my ribs .
i would n't have thought to change a thing , but jared insisted i add a feminine touch .
if you can out - drive cops , i ' m assuming you wo n't wreck the only thing i have left of jack . ''
` ` let 's find the damn thing and get rid of it !
you are such a plain little thing . ''
now help me get this thing on , and let 's not let it wrinkle .
` ` doc said you can be discharged , but because it 's late , he wants to keep you one more night and let you go first thing in the morning . ''
` ` remind me why we ca n't just let shax have the damn thing ? ''
` ` then you must leave , and never bring that thing to the house of the lord again . ''
the second they find me , my pulse pounds fiercely in my body , my heart fluttering like a winged thing in my chest as he stares at me and smiles .
she wears these nice clothes , and i swear she 's the classiest thing i ' ve ever seen in a place like this .
i immediately pull it out of my mouth and hand it over , and when he wraps his lips around it in the same fashion i did , my n**ples harden like diamonds , and i can hardly remember anything except the fact that he 's licking the same thing i just licked .
and i think what 's doing most of the commotion is my heart : a winged thing fluttering against my ribcage in complete confusion and disbelief of what he just said .
i turn on a lamp and slide into the first thing that pops out of his suitcase , which ends up being one of his riptide red satin robes .
there was an alicia , a lady 's companion or some such thing , attached to the household of a chap named chambers .
the hard thing between his legs poked blindly , ramming into my inner thigh .
when i came to , i was here , wearing this '' - he pinched at his hospital gown - ` ` freakin ' thing . ''
usually when we find that sort of thing , it 's too late . ''
` ` let 's hope she never aims that thing at you , '' gideon muttered .
it would n't do either of them any good if the thing collapsed beneath her .
he shoved the thing away and aria was able to see that he had already dispatched the other one .
` ` glad to see you 're still deadly with that thing , '' he said glancing at her bow .
` ` sorry , i did n't know how to operate that thing . ''
cole wanted to adopt a german shepherd , or some other manly dog , but when he saw this little thing that looked more like a gremlin than a dog , he knew it was the one savannah would want .
no wonder the thing was so naughty .
he considered dropping the thing off at marissa 's , but if by some chance dillon was tracking their movements , he did n't want his sister involved .
she put on her favorite sleep t - shirt , an ancient thing with eeyore on the front that used to be black but was now faded closer to gray .
you 're deadly with that thing . ''
she could ' ve taken the damn thing off after her shirt , but she had n't had the courage .
` ` um , i ' m not quite sure how to maneuver around this thing . ''
that thing will be right out there for everyone to ogle . ''
i 'll hold any frigging thing she wants me to . ''
it smelled like him , and that was so good she might just sleep in the damn thing from now on .
` ` are you still wearing the same thing i last saw you in ? ''
dammit , she wanted the thing gone , but this was better than nothing .
` ` i do n't want a f**king thing keeping me from touching every inch of you i can . ''
then she did what she should have done from the start : turn the damn thing off .
` ` fuckin ' hottest thing i ' ve ever seen , '' he said , his voice a sexy purr .
she needs to eat and drink first thing when she wakes up . ''
` ` if you want to rebuild this thing , '' she said , forcing her voice to remain even , ` ` then we have to start small .
god , he could n't deny cassandra had the body of a goddess and the perfect figure to wear such a skimpy thing .
for all she knew the damn thing might no longer work , and then she 'd have to register with security .
her wardrobe was modest at best , and the dress she 'd worn to the grand opening was the only thing suitable for a more formal occasion .
you have the real thing . ''
he did n't owe anyone a damn thing .
she wanted to have this damn thing out of her ass , and she wanted to get the hell out of the office .
` ` i hate that thing right now .
jamie counted herself lucky to see dev first thing nearly every workday morning , but she did n't think it meant much to him .
` ` i know just the thing , '' he said , then poured something that smelled delicious from a carafe into a red doors 's ceramic mug and set it in front of her .
he 'd also taken care of the protective measures , which had prompted sarah 's call first thing that morning to her doctor , which was why she had an appointment at one o'clock .
she 'd sealed the damn thing up and covered the wall with taupe damask so that no trace of it remained .
cover that thing ! ''
oh , kate 's not a handler , chloe , and this sexy little thing is definitely not here to keep me in line . ''
* * * gage secured a seat on the last flight out , the red - eye across country that would land him in new york first thing in the morning .
she dragged her mind back from the depths , swearing under her breath , kicking herself for not turning the damn thing off .
there 's also a kitchen somewhere and a living room , dining room and some kind of utility thing with a washer and dryer . ''
royce is picking me up around seven and i have n't got a goddamn thing to wear . ''
the spell was the only thing that could give them that , if it would actually work on billie .
the poor thing had worn herself out with all this excitement tonight .
then again , he was the closest thing they had to a real doctor and if pain freaked him out , he was in the wrong line of work .
she did n't want to wait another hour to cover the damn thing up , and even if she did , she was n't sure the parlors would be open once she got there .
` ` how does that thing work , anyway ? ''
` ` the closet and drawers are full of clean clothes labeled with sizes and the bathroom should be stocked with shampoo , new toothbrushes , toothpaste , that kind of thing .
in the mine , she 'd been sure the thing had raised blisters on her throat , but she 'd checked in the mirror and her skin was fine .
she still was n't sure how much she liked the idea of knowing he could sense her emotions through the thing , but right now she was grateful for the connection .
he looked at her like she was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen , like he 'd die if he had to look away .
drake drove through , and the thing was closing again before his bumper had cleared the opening .
` ` she 's just a tiny thing , helen .
you say you 'd never watch me die , but the truth is that when you put this thing around my neck , you signed my death warrant yourself .
let 's blow the thing to hell . ''
drake had never heard of such a thing , but he was glad she had it .
drake gathered her hands in his and kept her from trying to rip the thing off .
i 'll bust the damn thing down . ''
she knew from experience that if it got enough of its blood back inside , the thing would stand up again , all patched up and good as new .
pain was pounding on him to f**k her hard and fast , but he knew from experience that putting the thing on was the fastest way to get him what he wanted .
the thing exploded like a watermelon filled with dyn**ite .
red dots littered the thing , ringing around dabyr as if it were a bull's - eye .
the poor thing was nearly beside herself with embarrassment .
we 're going to fix this thing . ''
` ` she said she 'd see you first thing in the morning . ''
she could still smell the stench of that thing burning - hear the screams ripping from its tiny lungs .
the thing held eight normal - size people , but only five theronai and herself .
what would happen to paul if she died while wearing this thing ?
she formed a wedge out of air , much like the shield bubble , hardened it with her mind , and shoved the thing into the crack .
praying it was n't too late , she yanked the thing off his neck and fastened it around her own .
the thing shook , but did n't go down .
it took some doing to open the thing one- handed , but he was n't about to let go of her with his other hand .
the man cradled a shotgun in his hands , looking comfortable enough with the thing that he probably slept with it at night .
lexi tried to unclasp the thing , but it would n't budge - like it was welded shut .
he spun the thing around so the rest of the room could see the video footage .
` ` how can i run when i ' m wearing this thing ? ''
at this rate , they were going to be out there in the dead of winter , building the damn thing back up .
after taking a deep breath , she said , ` ` i promise to wear this thing as long as i want .
apparently , that thing was zach .
lexi was convinced she 'd made a terrible mistake putting the thing on , but it was too late now .
her poor landing had jarred her , making it hard for her to tell where the thing had gone .
lexi scanned the surrounding area , trying to see through the building darkness enough to locate the thing .
such a cute little thing .
if wearing this thing keeps him alive , then i 'll wear it .
the wall is the only thing keeping the synestryn out .
he buckled his sword belt around his h*ps and the thing shimmered before it faded from sight .
wires trailed out of the thing , leading straight to zach .
he heard steps , felt the thing shift as new weight was added .
` ` you can take that f**king thing off once you 're out of here . ''
break the circuit and the thing goes boom .
who knew if that would set the thing off ?
even though he could n't feel her through the thing , she could feel him .
the thing swallowed her up , hanging over her hands and nearly down to her knees .
nika in bed , nak*d , with his hands the only thing to cover her .
surely the thing was uncomfortable for him to wear .
the way he whipped this thing around , she half expected it to be light .
it 's just a thing . ''
for a moment , tori had almost felt like a real person again , rather than a thing to be used .
beneath the skin stretched too tight over her belly , the thing shifted , causing a bulge to slide under the surface .
it was the only thing that could sate her need .
we did n't use a damn thing , and you never said whether you were on birth control . ''
` ` i want this thing off of me . ''
i ' m a thing .
he lunged for the thing , slipping on blood .
she knew what this thing was .
the only thing that had been in her possession was a wooden amulet clutched in her fist .
power raged inside him , tempting him to raze the thing to the ground .
nicholas had rigged the thing to pinpoint the known locations of the child - face abominations .
it took a moment for her to fumble it free of the cigarette package , and even longer for her to get her fingers to work the thing .
there was no question that this thing was from another world .
whatever that thing was made of - glass , crystal , ice - it was bound not to like being smooshed into a hard wall .
the thing sliced downward .
` ` if i take you on that flimsy thing , we 're both going to end up on the ground , anyway . ''
there was no way she could even get close enough to this thing to hit it without it being able to strike her first .
she held it for a moment , marveling over whatever magic made the thing function , feeling the slick heat of its surface as it draped between her fingers .
she 'd seen this thing before .
jackie tugged on the luceria around her throat , trying to pull the damn thing off .
let this f**king thing fall off already , will you ? ''
she was a twisted , wicked thing who had turned on her own kind out of rebellion , but not even the synestryn would want her now .
ronan plucked it off , and as soon as his skin touched it , he felt a wave of malignant compulsion seeping from the thing .
there were no real thoughts inside the thing , only instincts and the most basic of emotions .
a barb on the curved tail of the thing was caked with dried blood - blood that smelled of power .
she was n't sure how she was going to fasten it , but the thing was buzzing with magic , and her instincts were listening .
good news might be just the thing for them right now - something to help them through these trying times .
` ` i realize it will never replace the things you lost , but at least you 'll have a place of your own . ''
cain bound the ends together with several coils of thick copper wire weaving through the links , and covered the whole thing with tape .
at the time , i thought she was flawless ; the one finely wrought thing in this world that might have a hope of saving my blackened soul . ''
` ` i have never seen you look more melancholy , and there is no good reason to drink spirits first thing in the morning . ''
their things had been stored in trunks at davencourt for roanna to have when she was older .
briefly , trembling with cold and embarrassment , she wished it was a sexy , lacy thing , but instead it was plain white , designed for concealment rather than enticement .
she must have made her plans and gotten in bed with him first thing , when she 'd gone to arizona .
nervously she got up from the couch , peeling her thighs from the naugahyde where sweat had made her stick to the damn thing .
she carried that damn thing with her everywhere , and it had led him to the parking lot of the bar .
` ` you do n't owe me a damn thing , '' cathy said , her voice thick with emotion .
she 'd ordered the seafood platter and damn near ate the entire thing .
he could have at least been subtle enough to get two beds , even if she was a sure thing .
were your fingers - maybe some toys - the only things to f**k that sweet , hot cunt of yours , because damned if you 'd let another man touch what 's mine ? ''
she 'd made the thing as an assignment in woodworking class .
` ` the flip side being that every time you take a drink , it 's the best f**king thing you ' ve ever tasted .
it was the most exotic , completely useless thing i could imagine .
` ` you know , you can always be our far - far guard and stay behind with that thing , '' i told him .
` ` no , but it was n't the kind of thing i could really test the same way . ''
he loved that old thing .
` ` that was in the old days when you were just a little thing .
` ` i still want you to do your best with this thing , lily , look through anything your father had and try to figure out what the heck he did .
` ` do i have to worry about what you 're wearing beneath this thing ? ''
i ' m not certain i can fit my body into this thing , '' she said but hurried into her bathroom to clean up quickly and try to squeeze into the pantsuit .
` ` the thing with your tongue and your fingers .
why do i keep letting you write in this thing ?
stop passing the thing back and forth .
cassandra jean drew all over this thing , and filled the back of it with portraits .
( honestly , she drops that thing more often than stephanie plum forgets her gun . )
magnus bane is a living example , the closest thing the mortal instruments has to an anarchist , and certainly he 's in no mood to be told what to do .
( not ) for illustration purposes only when i was a kid , the thing i most wanted , the coolest thing ever , was a tattoo .
did she know how to use that thing ?
she could actually use that thing .
i was n't sure i could walk when i got off that thing .
the damn things grew like weeds .
she was forever forgetting to charge the damn thing .
` ` turn the damn thing off .
` ` so what are we going to do with this thing ? ''
grabby little thing .
` ` you 'd think the only thing we really need , to sketch a bunch of nude models , is a number two pencil . ''
` ` that 's because i let you sell my vintage beetle for the damn thing . ''
i reached over and grabbed the closest thing i could find .
he was n't wearing the same thing in them .
you were n't always wearing the same thing .
it was the best thing i ' ve put in my mouth in a long time , '' i told her before grabbing my hat and heading outside .
` ` how you gon na get this thing tuned in time ? ''
` ` what kind of gauges are in that muscle - bound thing you call a car ? ''
it was n't much , but it was the only thing she possessed in the way of a weapon .
something might be done first thing in the morning , but nothing could have happened yet .
grace felt like luke skywalker listening to yoda , but instead of imparting pearls of mystical wisdom harmony discussed ways of losing a tail , how to travel without leaving tracks , how to get a fake driver 's license and even a fake passport if she did n't have time or it was too dangerous to acquire the real thing .
the entire thing was huge ; she could n't begin to guess how many rooms the castle contained .
' t is a plain thing , and despite the quest for the holy grail it gives no powers .
` ` you 're a pretty thing .
with no other guests to take care of , she 'd build her schedule around whatever they wanted , beginning first thing in the morning .
no big surprise , trey had registered for her group lesson first thing in the morning .
i got a little sweaty under this thing , but the immediacy of it all was darned exciting . ''
you 're not the type to pick some random thing and have it inked on your body , not even to get women . ''
her bathrobe tie had loosened during the transport , and he did n't think she 'd want to sleep in that bulky thing , anyway .
ending the kiss with reluctance , he pulled away long enough to put the doggone thing on .
but she had n't planned on running into him first thing out of the gate and immediately having to deal with her emotional reaction .
they 'll go through again first thing in the morning , but they ' ve put down fresh straw everywhere and set out some fresh hay bales which can be used for seating . ''
teenagers did that kind of thing , not a grown man , and certainly not a self - confident cowboy .
he thought it was degrading for a stallion to be tricked into mounting a dummy instead of the real thing . ''
the minute they learn that , they 'll be convinced i actually have the thing . ''
they 'd be loaded on board first thing in the morning .
a smile touched his lips at the memory of lorraine 's reaction when she realized that the only thing he 'd managed to bring on board was the beer .
when he 'd done that , he demonstrated how to load the thing .
` ` a plane 'll fly us into mexico city first thing in the morning . ''
` ` i ' ve booked you a flight out of mexico city first thing in the morning .
` ` as i recall , you said joe and laird would be here to help us with your ' little project ' and that megan and allison would cook some burgers and we 'd have beer , and that - oh yeah , installing this thing should only take a couple of hours at the most . ''
` ` and by the way - assuming they do n't arrive soon , just how on earth do you think the two of us will be able to lower this thing into place ? ''
molly , her beautiful , sweet , purebred collie of prize - winning lineage - the first thing she 'd bought herself after finishing her physician assistant rotations at the eastern virginia school of medicine and the kind of dog she 'd always wanted - had noticeably gained weight during the last couple of weeks .
he was an x games kind of kid , even before there was such a thing , and by thirty - two , he 'd pretty much done it all .
that was n't so bad - she knew he was dedicated to building the business - but he was heading off with his dad to myrtle beach for a convention first thing in the morning , and she would n't have a chance to see him until next wednesday , which meant she 'd have to spend even more time cooped up like a chicken .
usually , when they did visit , travis had them bring things - pretty rocks they 'd found in the garden , leaves they 'd laminated , homemade cards decorated with glitter .
did she ever stop to consider that maybe richard had bought her the locket because he wanted her to wear the stupid thing ?
had to sleep with the thing . ''
` ` you really destroyed that thing , '' he said , pointing to the gaping hole at the top .
it 's the one thing i have n't had to replace around here , but i probably should have looked at it the last time i fixed your disposal . ''
` ` you can eat the whole thing if you want .
some wimpy little thing who 's gon na sit on the couch and tremble , just waiting for you to make the next move ?
she was n't about to profit from the thing , and the money would go to a good cause .
she 'd be lucky if she got $ 50 for the thing .
the guardian knowing that staying in one place would arouse suspicion , richard grabbed his things and moved from one bench to another .
and the damn thing sure as hell did n't walk off on its own .
the only antidote was to go for long runs first thing in the morning , before the sun came up .
the wide - plank pine flooring was scuffed and stained , and the cabinets had probably been around since the place was built , but these things seemed to add to the house 's character rather than detract from it .
thinking back , she realized that even though he 'd described the things he 'd seen and done on his journey across the country , she still had no idea why he 'd gone on the walk in the first place or why he 'd decided to end his trek in hampton .
the thing is a death trap . ''
` ` here 's the thing , beth , '' he whispered .
it was the weekend , and he preferred to spend the morning puttering around the grounds in solitude , repairing things and working on ben 's new tree house in the backyard .
denise nodded , then rose from the couch to collect her things .
they 'd made love ... but he was gone first thing in the morning , without so much as a good - bye .
i 'll call him first thing in the morning to make sure everything is just the way it should be . ''
he would leave first thing in the morning and return long after everyone else had gone to bed .
i ' ve got to climb that thing ! ''
it just says on the box here that this thing can cut through hardwood , like oak . ''
the thing had exploded at our feet , scaring the daylights out of us .
` ` can we climb that thing ? ''
technology was moving fast , and yesterday 's gizmos were the equivalent of stone tools and flint , jeremy had explained to his editor , fantasizing about expensing the laser - beam - backpack thing that bill murray and harold ramis had used in ghostbusters .
but i do have to warn you that if you do n't show up first thing , i 'll think i misjudged you . ''
` ` and what 's this thing ? ''
the morning rush at herbs had died down , and the restaurant was in the twilight period between breakfast and lunch , when things were cleaned up from the last rush and preparations were being made for the next .
the harley was the single best thing i ' ve ever bought for myself , though it cost a fortune over there .
we spent the next few months doing a lot of simulations in places like louisiana and good old fort bragg , where we basically learned the best ways to kill people and break things ; and after a while , my unit , as part of the first infantry division - aka the big red one - was sent to germany .
i ' ve been cleaning allmorning and i just hung that thing .
` ` there 's a small farm iwork with that has a hothouse , and they can grow things when other people ca n't .
he had guessed that she would showup to talk to him about the bicycle first thing in the morning .
he tried toimagine what kind of music she liked , or what she thought about first thing in the morning , or whether or not she'dever attended a baseball game .
although it was in a seedier section of town , the roomwas more expensive , but she had her own shower and bathroom and it was worth it , if only to have some privacyand a place to leave her things .
his head was throbbing and he did n't want to talk to bill first thing in the morning but kevin was n't worried .
you 're the hottest thing in this room . ''
` ` there 's only latitude and longitude on this thing .
we bought my coveted gps and a few other things at a sporting goods store along the way and used it to navigate remote country roads that seemed to lead nowhere .
i almost never saw him drink the same thing twice .
punching reed lazar had been a beautiful thing , but it did n't appear to be anything that would ever become natural for her .
damn , she was a responsive little thing .
pantyhose were the least sexy thing he could think of .
the sensation of her mouth and her hand on him ... he 'd tear the damn thing right off the wall .
god , it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
the traffic had been terrible , so i did n't have time to park the thing myself and avoid the embarrassment of valet .
there were no prices on the menu , but i was certain that had to be the cheapest thing on there .
even though my truck was a pain in the butt , i did miss the old thing .
` ` a cute little thing is what he said . ''
the club was nice , but underneath all the shiny surfaces was the same thing you find in every club .
she 's a feisty thing , but someone needs to love her in spite of it . ''
it was the most perfect dress she 'd ever seen , the kind of thing she 'd never imagined she could own .
not a thing was trendy or cheaply made .
i ' m going to drop the kids off with jere 's mom first thing in the morning and go to the hospital .
they 'd smoked the whole damn thing together , and all the while , neither of them had spoken .
when that was done , he walked across to a standing mirror and pulled it away from the corner in which it stood , moving the heavy thing across the floor until it faced alexandra .
she watched , stupefied as he eyed the bowl of fruit on the table , then picked the thing up , emptied out the fruit and marched across to the sink where he filled it with water instead .
the poor thing needed help , but how was he to ... before he managed to complete that thought , something hard came crashing down over his head , his eyes rolled backward , and everything went dark .
` ` heaven knows how i managed to drop the thing , but i do know that i would have been quite lost without your assistance . ''
we 'll be lucky if we do n't lose the wheels the way you 're handling this thing . ''
` ` he was after my father 's journals , i believe , for i had left one of them out on my nightstand , and it was the only thing he took . ''
` ` we have but one of lord steepleton 's journals in our possession , and the bloody thing is as good as useless .
` ` so i was thinking that a house party at whickham hall might be just the thing . ''
` ` oh , yes , there were caretakers , housekeepers , and butlers , all of them put in place by your father to keep things running just enough to stop them from falling into disrepair . ''
` ` would you by any chance care to tell me how you managed to see such a thing ?
besides , i would like an honest opinion on the level of comfort this thing has to offer .
but let us not forget , that by the time you make it over here with that thing , '' he gestured idly toward the dagger , ` ` mary will be long dead . ''
upon his face , he wore a mask that concealed his every feature - a shiny black thing , the sight of which made eugenia shudder .
i 'll send a letter to percy first thing in the morning - see if we ca n't set your mind at ease . ''
and yet as horrified as she was at the prospect of him coming one step closer with that ... thing jutting toward her , she was also somewhat intrigued .
a book was the first thing to catch her attention - bensley 's the officer 's manual in the field .
lucy could n't begin to imagine what he hoped to achieve with such a thing .
he had n't realized until now that the only thing that remained to be removed was her chemise .
it was like they looked at her and thought , oh , you poor thing .
he wanted to growl at her that there was n't a damn thing she could hide .
he was so hard , the latex stretched tight over his aching erection until he worried he 'd split the damn thing .
she sucked in all her breath as he stood nak*d , a thing of beauty , all hers to do with what she wanted .
the whole thing could come straight out of some made - for - tv movie .
` ` normally i would n't even tell you this , because i usually side with the women , but i think you have a thing for her . ''
` ` so i ' m at the grocery store , i round the corner of the bread aisle , and there he is with miss thing on his arm .
he had to settle for second best , and even now , he 's probably drowning his sorrows in a bottle of alcohol while miss thing hangs uselessly on his arm . ''
` ` a person could get a nosebleed in this thing , '' she said .
` ` but then a man probably invented the damn thing to begin with . ''
thoroughly disgusted with the way she leapt at the thing , she forced herself to let it ring more than twice before she answered .
it was the only thing she could have hit her head on .
` ` let 's go over to my place and i 'll help you get the rest of your things to bring here , unless you 'd rather stay the night over at my place , until you get more settled in . ''
becker would know , however , she reminded herself of that , and determined once again to speak to becker and the king first thing in the morning .
after five years , noelle was tired of playing at being a pretty young thing , but she knew it was all about paying her dues .
a testament i currently share , looking at this pretty little thing in front of me .
flushing with an oddmixture of embarrassmentand pleasure at this romantic gesture , avelyn opened her mouthto take a biteofthe cheeseand nearly choked whenhe popped the whole thing intoher mouth .
the moment she putweight on her bottom , she was remindedthat her fingers were n't the only thing that had comein contact with the nettles .
paen had ridden out withhisfather to rumsfeld first thing every morning .
the feather perched rather precariously in his wig was the only other thing he was wearing at the moment , she saw , her gaze moving with dismay over his blotchy , bulgy little body .
one end of the room was taken up with a bed ; a length of string strung alongside it told her that a sheet or some such thing had probably been slung over it at night for privacy .
he had to find charlie , get her out of there , and get the damn thing off .
not a pose she needed to be in with a bikini top being the only thing covering her generous cup size .
ashton in a lacy white bra was by far the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` guess who 's home early and ready to get your lazy ass in the gym pumping weights first thing in the morning ? ''
` ` but you know noel has a thing for you and i can promise she 'll meet all your needs , '' kayla started saying .
the scarf thing she called a shirt showed off all of her flat tanned stomach .
sawyer chuckled and picked up the extra duffel bag that ash and i had packed with a few things we could n't fit in our backpacks .
` ` ash and lana had a few things that would n't fit in their backpacks .
this thing barely covers up your boobs .
i could easily drink the whole thing .
picking up the nearest thing i could get my hands on , a random picture frame , i hurled it across the room and roared in frustration .
thing was wedged deep into his pocket and it took a bit of concentration to keep the coffee from spilling as he began to dig it out .
it was n't the kind of thing a woman liked to advertise , especially a woman who drove a car like that .
file off the vin and set the whole thing on fire , until it was nothing but a husk .
every time he moved , his head felt like it was going to explode , and his arm was already itching so bad beneath the cast that he wanted to tear the damn thing off .
it 's an old - time greek thing ; my grandmother showed it to me in a book .
cassie knelt and placed the cloth - wrapped thing in the middle of faye 's flawed circle .
she could n't leave her grandmother alone with the burned thing .
the receptionist was a cute blonde thing , looked about twenty .
there was no way she was getting on that thing .
she would leave first thing in the morning and go into town .
her books and most of her things were stacked neatly in the living area .
it went into that crater thing .
a hole , '' she repeated , before jenny could ask , and described the thing she 'd seen .
` ` like that thing we saw those kids playing ? ''
` ` i 'll find her , '' jenny said softly to the paper thing she held .
there was no help for it , just as there was no help for the shining thing on her finger .
at least she had set some of the servants to cleaning the hall and the bedchambers first thing .
regardless , ilysa intended to have her things moved to one of the smaller chambers first thing in the morning .
she was a pretty , curly - headed thing , but so ill that ilysa anticipated it would be a long night - and the outcome was uncertain .
` ` i think he came in his pants when we got the thing . ''
you probably have n't eaten a thing i ' ve sent over since you ' ve been home . ''
i 'd learned this from my aforementioned third best friend , peter van houten , the reclusive author of an imperial affliction , the book that was as close a thing as i had to a bible .
the next morning i woke up early and checked my email first thing .
he 'd insisted on swinging on it first to test it , and the thing damn near broke .
i hated talking with that thing on , but i said , ` ` just go to the park and i 'll call you when i wake up . ''
after a minute , augustus said , ` ` your book is sort of the thing that brought us together . ''
the space around us evaporated , and for a weird moment i really liked my body ; this cancer - ruined thing i 'd spent years dragging around suddenly seemed worth the struggle , worth the chest tubes and the picc lines and the ceaseless bodily betrayal of the tumors .
we had to pull the door to shut ourselves in and then the old thing creaked slowly up to the second floor .
a memoir would be just the thing to keep me in the hearts and memories of my adoring public . ''
it is very late at night here , but i am going over to his house first thing in the morning to find this letter and force him to read it .
` ` so you 'll deliver the missing items first thing in the morning ?
but she could n't prove him wrong if she did n't open the thing .
a bedroom suite containing a full bath is also available so we can fly overnight and arrive rested and ready to work first thing in the morning - negating the additional expense of a hotel room .
lauren 's bike engine was n't the only thing revving as gage strode across the parking lot toward her .
she had n't done it before today because she 'd needed to wait for her hamc paycheck to clear before transferring funds , and her intention of taking care of business first thing this morning ... a chuckle rumbled from deep inside her .
` ` put the damned thing on and ride me . ''
his idiot brother had likely turned the thing off to avoid future calls .
still alone , poor thing .
an easter gift from tom , a ridiculous thing , but one she knew she would keep forever .
i 'll just throw the thing away , jenny thought , surprised at the relief the idea brought .
jenny followed , put all the things on the coffee table , then pulled the white box from beneath them .
` ` here 's a sort of oriental screen thing , '' summer said .
the thing outside was huge , blocking out the stars , dull black and non - reflective itself but haloed in its own red glow .
as jenny watched , six beams of light , bright as phosphorous flares , shot out from the bottom of the thing .
it flexed the thing a few times like a painter making practice runs with a brush .
then it casually flicked the thing up dee 's thigh and dee screamed .
a black thing like a bowler hat was hovering above stick trees , with rays of scribbled light around it .
and watch where you 're waving that thing .
and then i see this thing on the floor .
and that diamond - shaped thing made of yarn - that was a mexican eye of god .
the whole thing was beautiful , but so grand ... ` ` you can put your clothes here - this chest is solid mahogany , '' cassie 's grandmother was saying .
i mean '' - cassie picked at random one of the things she did n't understand - ` ` how do you purify a skull with roses ? ''
her grandfather had probably always had that alarm system - but it was n't the kind of thing a kid would notice .
the thing seemed to be rooted in the water .
the shadow men might ask something like that - but that wizened thing could n't have been a shadow man .
michael was holding up an iron forklike thing with six heavy , curved tines .
` ` i do n't think this thing is too stable . ''
the gold thing winked in the torchlight , up and down .
then he flicked the shining gold thing at her so quickly that she flinched .
but jenny had n't made the connection , not even when that giant treasure chest had been the only thing moving in the park tonight .
there 's an arbor thing beside it . ''
could they have destroyed her body and put her in this bloated plastic thing ?
there were displays every few feet - much like museum displays , except that jenny had never seen this kind of thing in any museum .
` ` it's - it 's , uh , this thing for when you get upset .
` ` the only thing that 's lit is something toward the back - it 's got a big waterwheel and some boats shaped like swans . ''
jenny could n't tell what color the thing was because of the lights , but it gleamed .
matthew eased the canvas sack from her hand before she could hitch the thing over her shoulder .
the outfit was pretty , but starr was n't as busty so the darn thing did n't fit quite right and the press of matthew 's knee against hers was starting to make the dress even more uncomfortably tight as her br**sts ached for his touch .
matthew tipped back his water glass and drained the whole thing as if his throat were parched .
` ` i 'll get your things from the trunk while you unload the munchkin . ''
six a week later , kyle stood outside the nursery door , double - checking the monitor to make sure the thing was actually working .
if ever i get a chance to cast the damn thing . ''
he supposes the woman is in her mid - eighties , a frail little thing who looks arthritic and possibly lame in one leg , maybe she 's diabetic , who knows ?
` ` but we needed the damn thing , '' he said .
her ten - year - old pain - in - the - butt brother was addicted to the thing .
the only size the booth had in stock was an extralarge , and the thing practically reached her knees .
and i hate that i even have to see the damn thing anymore ! ''
with that , things began to click in place .
assuming , of course , i can land this thing .
here and now , with his son sitting beside him on a dune outside his house and staring through a pair of binoculars , despite the fact he most likely would n't see a thing , he wondered if he 'd made those choices less because he thought others had the answers and more because he was afraid to trust his own instincts .
she 'd grown to appreciate the quiet way luke would slip from the bed first thing on sunday mornings to feed the animals and check the cattle , trying his best not to wake her .
people wanted to ride these things because of that old movie with john travolta , and practically every country bar put one in , only to watch the interest die out within a year or two .
he had to rebuild the thing pretty much from scratch , and it took him almost a year to get it working the way he wanted .
` ` just drag a chair over and yank the bloody thing down .
he supposed he ought to give the poor thing a man 's name .
good lord , but he did n't want the thing .
it was an ugly thing , really , all rough and buttoned from chin to toe , but still , it was a nightgown .
` ` my god , '' he almost grunted , ` ` this thing is ugly , '' and grace could not help but giggle as his fingers attempted to do their magic on her buttons .
it was a hulking , behemoth of a thing , the wood dark and scuffed and smelling like the paper and ink that always lain atop it .
but , like you , i found it lacked the zip of the real thing .
it 's down to me and cyb , and actually , i need to run out to the place to get the thing .
` ` quinn said she had to go to the place to get the thing , and would be back in twenty . ''
` ` did you get the thing from the place ? ''
you ' ve got a thing .
she saw the thing burst into a mass of bloody black , and vanish with the horrible echo of a boy 's laughter .
the bloodstone helped dent keep that thing under for three centuries .
i thought maybe if i just sit here , stare at the damn thing , something will come . ''
that interference , that static the bastard can jam things with .
you jammed a knife into that thing last winter , showed us we could hurt it .
but the unfamiliar thing is bouncing .
it 's a thoughtful thing , even though it 's small .
` ` we 'll apply for the marriage license first thing in the morning . ''
it 's the only thing his father will ever give him .
as far as gifts went , this topped the necklace for being the most perfect thing she 'd ever received .
` ` the only thing we managed to lasso was a hundred - dollar credit - card bill for all those books . ''
` ` dear me , you are a pretty little thing , though you do n't look at all like your mother .
` ` a document box , '' diana whispered , when cassie set the thing on the floor in front of the fireplace .
he pulled the metal thing out of the fire .
1 i left the bed and donned a robe from the bathroom , a thin , silky flower - print thing that came to my knees .
` ` princess right here wants to challenge you to a race in that thing . ''
` ` has micha ever heard of a little thing called air conditioning ? ''
` ` dude , you ripped this thing to shit .
if i backslide knowing that if i wear the wrong thing , veronica will say i have ruined her night - the way she did that one time when i wore bermuda shorts and sandals to a dress - up dinner - i ca n't stop thinking about what i am going to wear to her dinner party , so much that i do n't even remember it 's friday , and therefore , time to see dr . patel , until mom calls down in the middle of my workout , saying , ` ` we 're leaving in fifteen minutes .
balanced very carefully , as if the whole thing might topple when the heater vents begin to blow later this fall from the basement , i hear my dad say , ` ` it goes right here , on this table . ''
it 's huge ; only the center third rests on the end table , making it look as if it is balanced very carefully , as if the whole thing might topple when the heater vents begin to blow later this fall .
i take it out of the box and hold the dusty thing up .
my job at etiquette is to write up reviews on new album releases , talk about popular bands and singers , and also do the odd interview , that type of thing .
you were always a skinny little thing , i could never actually figure out where it all went . ''
` ` hmm , maybe ... he could have called me first thing this morning ... but i guess it does n't matter . ''
` ` i ' m flying back to la first thing in the morning . ''
it 's that big acquisition i told you about , well some shit kicked off with it , and there 's an emergency meeting first thing in the morning , so i have to prepare a load of stuff for it .
i bet women have taken off more than just their shoes in a club for him ; actually maybe their shoes were the one thing that did stay on , maybe that 's what 's freaking him out .
he 's referring to what he was doing to me in bed first thing this morning .
` ` we could go sightseeing , do the whole touristy thing , eiffel tower and that , and go out to lunch - we could go to the delicatessen that make the mini - cakes you love ... or i can take you shopping and buy you lots of pretty things .
` ` sodding thing kept cutting out when i was driving it ! ''
of course i want to see our baby and know it 's okay , but holy fuck , that thing looks painful .
now just relax , '' dr . glamazon says , resting her hand against my knee as she starts to insert that god - awful thing inside of me .
` ` ah , this old thing ?
they 'll be here first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you must be cold in only that skimpy little thing you 're wearing ... '' he observed idly heading to the fridge and dragging out a carton of orange juice .
it 's the one damned thing that 's working in this marriage . ''
now , while he brooded above her , her mouth went dry at the picture of masculine perfection he presented in those pants and his favourite old t - shirt , a torn , stretched grey thing with a batman emblem on the front .
` ` sandro , it 's like every time i see you with this gorgeous thing , you have your hands all over her .
the one thing hannah was n't going to need for the foreseeable future was underwear .
she 's a sweet thing , but she would n't last a minute with society matrons .
spank you and shove that ... thing up your ass ?
because she was n't some sexy thing who made a man crazy with lust .
so ... that gorgeous , curvy thing was his piper ?
i ' ve heard from the servants that you would n't touch a thing .
riley did n't seem to understand that all creatures needed to know their place in the pecking order , whether person or dog or weirdly dressed rat thing .
he set the dog thing back down .
the only thing he wanted to play with was her boobs .
the biggest one walked in carrying the one thing guaranteed to make her feel better .
that thing could seriously put out the mucous .
` ` i 'll admit , she 's a flirty thing .
but gigi was one high - strung rat thing .
thank god the rat thing was an inside princess .
it 's about time that thing earned her keep .
` ` the pilot took a knife to it , '' lan said , tossing a big yellow thing into the cabin .
dude , shove that thing back in . ''
` ` coop , the only thing that way is the dungeon . ''
the damn thing was nearly pulsing in his palm .
she had n't looked a thing like the vibrant college girl in the picture her cousins had given them .
she became what they had warned , their pleasure toy , a soft , sweet thing they passed between them .
it was a wobbly thing , but kade made it seem almost elegant .
that 's what he said first thing every summer . ''
she tightened her coat around her , but the thing was so ragged it was a useless gesture .
` ` when you hired her -- a redhead -- i was sure we were in for trouble , and when you told me about the poor thing needing a dress , i thought -- '' ` ` oh , no . ''
it was the real thing , too , not that fake i'm - okay smile of before .
` ` how long does that thing bake ? ''
in her optimistic imagination , she 'd had him phoning first thing with the assurance that he felt as strongly committed to their marriage and their child as ever .
i mean , once we 're married and- '' ` ` somehow we 'll find a way to miss our flight to hawaii , then , first thing monday morning , i 'll file for an annulment . ''
we 'll start first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you 're right , he wo n't , '' james insisted darkly , ` ` because you 're filing a restraining order first thing tomorrow morning . ''
` ` better yet , why do n't we buy the whole thing and take it home with us ? ''
she rose early and , because she was feeling better , resumed her regular workout , which included a two - mile run first thing in the morning .
she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen , standing there in nothing but black lace , her back against the wall .
then let go of her wrists long enough to rip the thing off her .
then leaned forward and with his teeth , ripped the thing to shreds .
fuck , she really was the hottest thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` because the only thing in the suitcase was this .
` ` that thing 's addressed to you , delacroix , '' he said as he caught sight of the large white envelope on the top of the gift - wrapped box .
she would finish reading it , she had to , because after this , she never wanted to touch the thing again .
she eyed the thing for a minute , somehow knowing that the contents would n't be pleasant .
but they both knew she did n't have a choice but to look , so she reached over and picked the thing up , careful not to show her reluctance .
when she got to the last photo , it was all she could do not to gasp , not to drop the thing and give chastian exactly the reaction he was looking for .
but if you expect a workable screenplay , you need to leave me alone and let me write the damn thing ! ''
behind her she heard torres growl , ` ` unplug the goddamn thing ! ''
two steps to the left , the same thing .
when roberto and luc had raided chastian 's house , they 'd found every sick and twisted thing imaginable .
but make sure you have someone bring my car to me first thing in the morning , okay ?
this thing was huge .
the tequila taste was n't very strong , which was fortunate , or i 'd have been on my butt before i was halfway finished with the thing .
` ` i ' m not afraid , exactly , not gasping for breath and things like that , but it is n't my favorite thing .
i 'd been preserving my modesty by holding the gown in place over my breasts , but no way could i get the thing the rest of the way on without flashing everyone .
i let the huge thing drop off of me , and stepped out of the circle of fabric .
i have the perfect thing for it . ''
i ' m not ready for a house , i do n't think , because i do n't have time to take care of yards and flower beds and things . ''
` ` you are so clueless , '' i snapped , reaching to take the poor thing from him .
my injured arm was protesting holding the weight of the plant , even though i was using my right arm to do most of the work and was mostly balancing the thing with my left hand .
wyatt might not understand the concept of houseplants , but he had bought it for me and i treasured the poor thing .
i grabbed the long dark thing and pulled it around me .
i flipped the switch , the little red light came on , and the thing began the hissing and popping sounds that signal help is on the way .
` ` how the heck am i ' m gon na be able to get on this thing ? ''
` ` if you did n't look so tired we 'd test this thing out , '' i teased .
her cl**vage was about to pop out of the tied up shirt thing that looked like a corset .
i think she even oiled that thing for me . ''
i had a hard enough time getting this thing zipped up . ''
the fridge is a tiny thing but i have a cooler on here too with ice that i keep cold stuff in . ''
it had been years since anyone had seen me touch this thing .
i was supposed to just stick this thing that was most definitely not a key in my purse and carry it with me .
the car turned off with one push of the button and i locked the doors with the thing rush referred to as a key and headed inside .
phone calls were not his thing .
` ` these windows are tinted , it 's dark , and there is no light around us , we 're also pretty damn high up in this thing .
i grabbed the first thing i could reach which was the front of jimmy 's shirt .
you let him put that whole thing inside you ? ''
` ` cover that damn thing up , '' i shouted at aiden .
` ` fuck , this thing is tight . ''
i 'll be happy to book you on a flight leaving first thing in the morning . '' '
dr . harkavey 's got him scheduled to have his breathing tubes removed first thing , so he 'll be able to speak . ''
knowing how upset catherine had been to have lost so many of her mother 's fragile glass balls , the children had spent the next several days making things to hang on the tree to take the place of those that had shattered .
he tugged at the white thing until her mouth released it , then held up the small white sock and asked with studied patience and practiced composure , ` ` whose is this ? ''
it was a gray university of idaho shirt , and she had worn it once with leggings , but the thing had been so big she looked as if she were lost inside it .
i do n't want to be all ' damsel in distress , ' but i ca n't pry the darn thing open ... '' my thoughts trail off and i realize this is the most anyone has said to me in years .
` ` what good is that silly thing if it does n't make your friends rich ? ''
` ` is that thing really filled with more of this ? ''
i can have a caterer here first thing in the morning .
since she left the file right where she knew i 'd find it first thing , i ' m sure she was hoping that i 'd open the dining room again in the evenings . ''
skinny thing .
` ` okay , '' becky said , sticking a funny - looking thing in her ears .
` ` i ' m not sleeping on that thing !
a pink spongy thing hung in a line off of one of the shelves , and that ended up in my basket , too .
as i looked for that pink loofah thing i thought she 'd like , abby 's luggage , full , zipped , and waiting by the door , caught my eye .
she 's just the closest thing america has to a sister .
the old gray t - shirt abby wore was the first thing to go .
when tears burned my eyes , i picked up the first thing my hands touched , and launched it across the room .
as much as i wanted to undress her until the only thing she had on was my ring , i nestled back against the pillow , and let her rest her body against mine .
` ` for god 's sake claire , give me the damn thing . ''
i signed the damned thing .
the damn thing was not visible no matter how he contorted himself .
bending , he grabbed the first thing that came to hand .
she then reached for a clamp type thing that pulled his nipple out .
she did n't have a thing to wear and she was n't putting on the same pair of ripped - up , stinky , dirty clothes she 'd run all over california and oregon in .
` ` and we wo n't do a goddamn thing to stop you , '' garrett promised .
surely they have measurements , fingerprints , that sort of thing ? ''
gratefully she saw that one of the men had carried the coffee things into the kitchen .
the new room had a television , some- thing the icu room had lacked , and steve insisted on listening to every news program he could , as if he were searching for clues that would tie all the missing pieces together for him again .
she could n't afford to have the bastard to think the outfit was the closest thing to an engraved invitation for sex .
she belted the enormous thing around her waist , put on the sweatsocks that were double the size of her feet and marched to the eat - in kitchen 's bleached wood table , hoping she looked frumpy .
she knew an insane urge to take them - the one thing she knew he 'd never used on another woman - and put them on , parade her br**sts for him .
she could n't do a damn thing to stop him .
damn thing smelled like her and gave him another f**king hard - on .
then the damn thing tumbled to the floor .
even one of those zen garden waterfall things .
` ` then between two fingers , i ' m going to trap this sweet little thing and rub the sides . ''
if you think for an instant that i 'd do a damn thing to endanger myself or this baby in some fit for attention , then you do n't know me very well .
had the f**king thing moved in hours ?
he wanted to be sure he did n't owe her a damn thing when he walked out that door .
it was the most f**king erotic thing he 'd ever seen .
he drank the whole thing in three swallows .
this week he could n't do a damn thing to move closer to his dream .
now the only thing standing between him and his angry lust was her lace thong .
why could n't he just break the f**king thing down and save her ?
he coaxed her into eating the whole thing , then followed with some grapes and a banana , taking a few bites for himself .
the whole thing stank .
a futon , the only thing in the room , stood in the shadowed corner , allowing occupants some comfort while they watched .
now she was paying the price because she had no idea what this thing was or what xander planned to do .
we 'll stop by the motel , check you out , pick up your things , and go to my place . ''
stepping out into the balmy october evening , he strode to his bike and ripped the chin strap of his helmet off the highway peg before shoving the damn thing on his head .
that thing had to weigh fifteen pounds .
i 'll just grab my things ... rachel has been kind enough to let me crash with her for a few days while i find a place of my own , so i wo n't interrupt your newly wedded bliss anymore . ''
but once they get there , i ' m going to head back over to my place to pick up a few things . ''
after they ate some sandwiches and chips , he made the quick trip over to his place for their things , the fact that she was alone with mike motivating him to move even faster .
` ` and is your tongue the only thing you were hoping to get back inside me , deputy ?
if he could have barricaded the damn thing to keep her there with him , he would have .
dragging in a determined huff , he broke away and pulled at his shirt , not really caring how he got the damn thing off .
he opened it for her , and the heavy wooden thing squeaked on its hinges .
` ` baby , as much as i 'd love to do every fabulously dirty thing to you i can think of , now is n't the time . ''
the emergency pack she 'd left chicago with all those years ago , along with a few other things to aid her disguise , was stowed in the trunk of her car .
then i found you stripping , of all things , in a place not even clean enough to house rats .
once he gave it to me , i wondered if he 'd left a picture of her in here , but i never could get the damn thing open to see .
i guess that means we 'll be doing whatever we have to in order to pry the blasted thing open . ''
` ` do we need to just break the damn thing open ? ''
` ` i 'll call you first thing next time i ' m in town . ''
` ` i'l send the e - mail first thing in the morning .
he wanted to leave without wearing his topcoat , which was one more thing that could be swiped while he was in wolf form , but then she 'd get even more suspicious .
` ` because i ' m trying to imagine drinking that sugary thing along with al the sweet stuff you 're putting on the oatmeal .
i ' ve never been in a bul etproof car before , and if any vehicle ever looked like it should be bul etproof , this thing does .
instead , she was sick to death of hauling the damn thing with nothing to show for it .
` ` i think the tie thing came off while ... while we were kissing . ''
` ` if you do n't have a patent on that thing , you should get one the minute you get back . ''
` ` how many does this thing hold ? ''
it was acting up this morning , and if it still is , i 'll call a repairman first thing in the morning . ''
once he 'd tossed the last thing aside , he glanced down to find her stretched out and waiting for him .
` ` they ' ve done well , but they 're turning the whole thing into offices for the foundation and temporary housing for homeless weres , so they wo n't be living there much longer .
let 's christen the thing .
as she walked toward him , hand outstretched , he remembered that he was still holding the damned thing .
reaching over , he pressed a button to turn the damned thing off .
but most of us suspected you two had a thing for each other .
could you put that thing away so we can talk like civilized beings ? ''
he really should get rid of the thing , but he had to find a way that would n't draw attention to him .
he was far from healed , but he planned to blow this taco stand first thing in the morning .
he 'd probably looked like a cartoon wearing the silly thing .
do you know what that thing is probably worth ? ''
so now we 're back in another corner , and this time it 's the g*y thing .
i wonder if by some freak of nature we 'll be wearing the same thing .
that you put your thing in the place where he , um , defecates .
me : first of all , i have n't put my thing anywhere .
and you do realize , do n't you , that when a guy and a girl get together , he puts his thing where she urinates and gets her period ?
me : here 's the thing .
chapter twenty what 's in front of me is the trippiest thing i ' ve ever seen .
as my dad always says in his thick irish brogue , ` ` ca n't lose a thing if ye ' ve got nothing to lose . ''
i do n't need to press any further to know this thing would surely take off my finger if i tried to push any further .
a little joking over breakfast has set the speed for the day , and my heart skips a beat when i see him grabbing things from around the place .
` ` that beer is n't quite the best - looking thing in the room , but it 's close . ''
what if he were here right now , listening to you talk about moving the winter garden and packing up her things and moving her into town ?
it was the sort of thing she would have noticed before , if she 'd ever really looked .
everything with a place and in it ; the only thing that did n't fit was a sapphire - blue wool coat hanging at the very back of the closet .
the stove is a small , ugly thing , cast iron with a pair of drawers that jut out brokenly .
the damn thing was in the trash .
bent over like he was , he knew she was getting an eyeful of every damn thing he had to offer .
` ` we 're bloody stuck here because a bdsm club is the closest thing raine 's ever had to a real home .
god , she 'd been a skinny little thing .
` ` it 's a far more important skill than working that thing . ''
as he turned the thing on , she tensed , but still could n't precisely brace for the tingling jolt that crept across her skin and up her nerve endings .
she 'd grown to love the sound of his voice first thing in the morning .
yes , as it happens , i am a sarcastic little thing .
one thing i had from her was a stuffed version of babar the elephant that my mother gave to me on my fourth birthday .
you are some horrible spunky camouflaged alien thing , and i hate you . ''
she had an excellent reason to be excited ; all her life she 'd been on huckleberry and now , finally , she was somewhere else : on phoenix station , the space station , the largest single thing humans had ever built , hovering above phoenix , the home planet of the entire colonial union .
the second sacrifice : every single thing we had with a computer in it , we could no longer use .
i suspected that part of the reason people were so cranky was because they 'd had their outboard brains amputated ; you do n't realize how much you use your pda until the stupid thing is gone .
they 're the closet thing the obin have to a higher power . ''
` ` get your thing off of me ! ''
` ` i ' m not going anywhere with that thing , '' michel said , his first contribution to the evening .
a man whose daughter 's life they had bargained with to get that thing .
i did n't want to use the thing that i thought was the sink , only to find out later it was supposed to be the toilet .
` ` ' the play is the thing in which i shall catch the conscience of the king , ' '' i said .
but a nice sharp stone knife carelessly left lying around would be just the thing to convince a desperate would - be assassin to take a chance .
` ` no one will be by first thing in the morning except one of us or pop .
now that was the f**king sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
she 'd tried to protest wearing it , only to have him refuse to listen and jam the thing over her head .
who knew where that thing had been ?
fucking sweetest thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
fifteen elise drove over to the daughtry ranch first thing .
` ` well , we ai n't gon na be drinking out of this thing anytime soon , '' pop said , pulling the top of the keurig off .
jeans and t - shirt sort of thing ? ''
emily chatted as she cooked and pushed things in and out of the oven , and jericho found himself staying for a second cup of coffee and a few of the zucchini muffins .
` ` you sexy thing '' fills the room and chuckles makes a disapproving sound eerily similar to my mother 's .
` ` jesus - that thing has been buzzing all morning , '' amy groans .
but the industrial designer who created the two - foot - tall , seven - foot - long ... thing ... on top of the smart car had created a masterpiece of a ` ` crab . ''
pink with silver buckles , that thing has more chemicals in it than a monsanto pesticide lab .
i look over at the parking lot where i stashed the damn thing .
i throw one leg over his lap and straddle him , settling over his unleashed self , the thin cotton triangle of my panties the only thing keeping us apart .
and i ca n't do a damn thing to stop you , but i wo n't keep my mouth shut , either . ''
i stomp across the bathroom , nudge declan aside , and kick the damn thing as hard as i can .
` ` you ca n't let go of the fact that i have this ... thing .
` ` oh , i do n't need a thing , '' tori said .
but trust me on this , neither one of you will get a thing . ''
the damn thing did n't even ring anymore .
but i agree , it 's a kick to drive this thing . ''
the least - formal thing she found was a sleeveless white sundress that fell to her ankles in soft waves of linen and lace , fitting a little tightly in the bodice , but loose over her hips and waist .
left with no choice , he took it from her with the intent of just turning the damn thing off .
but i 'll see you in my office first thing in the morning . ''
even though the thing itched like a son - of - a - gun , she appreciated how eugenie had kept the changes gradual , giving her a chance to become accustomed to each one so she never felt awkward or exposed .
damn , this thing was heavier than it looked .
rowan cranked back in a chair behind his desk , scanning a computer file record on a new mother and infant due to be discharged first thing in the morning .
his older brother had told him once it was the only thing on the island built to resemble a part of their old life .
he hated the damn thing , but his presence was required at the formal event .
he 'd lavished her with every single thing a woman could want , and it had n't been enough for jayne .
on second thought , he unstrapped the shoulder harness and set the whole damn thing on the teak coffee table .
but she 'd walked out first thing in the morning with her own plan in place , already cleared by salvatore .
` ` one night , troy broke into the security system , rewired the whole thing so conrad 's ankle monitor would n't register .
the darn thing was rising , and the room was growing dark .
of course , that was going to necessitate building a back porch , too , one to replace the boxy wooden thing with a screen that was currently affixed to his house .
he smiled as he retrieved a big , round metal thing from the assortment of parts and began to wind it around a long , cylindrical metal thing .
he smiled as he retrieved a big , round metal thing from the assortment of parts and began to wind it around a long , cylindrical metal thing .
holding by its bowl having grabbed the entire thing in his big paw , because he 'd been afraid he 'd break off the handle if he tried to pick it up that way .
and naturally peyton did n't want the kind of thing he could get every day .
the only thing i learned at emerson that was worth anything ... the only thing i learned there that helped me achieve my many admirable accomplishments ... '' now he grinned with genuine happiness .
no way was he going to touch that thing , even if it might win him points with the montgomery sisters , who had joined him and ava in the favorite tearoom of oxford , mississippi .
and three severn students were gathered about the enormous thing , perusing the book in question with much - dare she say enormous ? -interest .
` ` do n't tell me you actually read the thing . ''
there 's this thing with creme de menthe ... '' he threw another look toward mack , then halted himself .
her insides turned to warm butter at viewing such a sight first thing in the morning .
let 's just buzz by my place first , so i can pack a few things , okay ? ''
could be the dress she had on was just the thing for her .
well , except for that small slimy ... thing ... surrounded by a pool of clear , pungent ... stuff ... in the middle of the other woman 's bed .
you call that ... that ... that thing on my bed a little prank ?
when she extended the cup toward him , though , he hesitated a moment before taking it , then switched it from one hand to the other as he tried to figure out just how to hold the damned thing .
unless , of course , they were paired with the other thing that chloe - almost - had on .
honestly , lily thought , she might as well plant shrubbery in that thing .
` ` i 'll have mrs . skolnik take care of it first thing tomorrow . ''
now , how could he have known about that thing ?
` ` eddie dolan , '' he told her with a smile that was dazzling , and really kind of sexy , if you went for that dark , brooding , am- gon na -make - you - an - offer - you - can't - refuse kind of thing , instead of that rumpled , tweedy , goodbye , mr . chips kind of thing .
and instead of some colorless , shapeless dress , she was wearing what lily had always referred to as ` ` leggings '' -and what schuyler had always referred to as ` ` those incredibly erotic things women wear in place of pants '' -and a longish shirt - whose top two buttons were n't fastened , he noted with due interest - in a color reminiscent of a ripe strawberry .
instead , she reached into the cabinet again and jerked hard , yanking a big , metal ... thing ... out of its jaws .
art , antiques , artifacts , that kind of thing .
evidently , violet 's customers had never given her anything but her required fee , otherwise she would have been wearing the real thing .
` ` just a house and some furniture and some things to make a place nicer , just like anyone else 's . ''
noting the way her robe gaped open enough to reveal the upper swells of her br**sts , it occurred to him that neither of them had a stitch of clothing to wear except for last night 's evening attire , that was n't exactly the kind of thing a person wanted to wear during the day when a person was trying to make him - or herself comfortable .
he can find things out others ca n't because he still has a lot of contacts in high places .
whatever that other thing was he used to use for keeping track of his appointments and obligations .
do you have any idea how this thing works ?
even if it was the same kind of thing she 'd worn to work every day when she was with matthias .
that was n't the only thing at the timber lake inn that was like that , kendall thought .
` ` that thing has n't worked since i got here . ''
the thing must magnify a billion times , she thought .
` ` it 's amazing the detail you get with this thing .
you can actually see the big red spot with this thing . ''
she was dressed in the kind of thing he 'd never seen her wear before - blue jeans that were faded to the point of being torn in places , and a pale lavender t - shirt that was brief enough to allow a glimpse of creamy flesh between its hem and the waistband of her jeans .
what brings you here first thing in the morning ? ''
` ` strikes me as the kind of thing that wears off easily . ''
` ` wonder where muriel hid the damn thing . ''
confused and disturbed by his kiss , she grasped at the first thing she could think of to lash out at him with .
whatever was the case , though , she insisted to herself , this time she would no longer be the naive and vulnerable young thing .
it took pia a moment to realize the tiara was n't one of those plastic jewel concoctions that everyone wore on new year 's eve , but the real thing .
my parents thought that i was going through a phase where i thought i was the coolest thing around and that 's why i was wearing my sunglasses all the time .
folding it in two , she felt the gripping cold of the plastic material pierce through her clothing and freeze her skin while she wrapped the thing , filthiness and all , around her shoulders .
plus , he 'd be busy piloting the thing .
the thing went dead .
it was much harder crawling out of the small thing than it had been for him to get in .
this tent is the only thing that will keep us protected from the weather at night . ''
probably not , and if she was n't careful , she 'd shatter the thing .
` ` there 's not an emergency phone in this thing ? ''
the thing is absolute heaven to ride on , and there 's even a small spa onboard so you can get a massage .
the massive thing seemed to take up the entire dock .
she walked back in the bathroom and rinsed out her bikini top , then went back to the sitting area and found a hair dryer and dried it before slipping back into the uncomfortable thing .
thank the heavens the thing was n't too big and he could hide it with a thick pair of socks .
after getting into the damnable thing , tanner turned toward the mirror and looked at himself with a disgusted snort .
the freaking thing even came with bushy glue - on eyebrows .
but he did n't have the time or the energy to do anything about the towel , which was the only other thing covering him .
rushing into her bedroom , she gathered clothes , then snuck into the only bathroom in the apartment and turned the shower on as hot as the dang thing would go .
yes , there was a main breaker , but it was so rusted , tanner was afraid that if he so much as touched it , the thing would snap off and electrocute them both .
when it had just brewed , she walked into the kitchen , her hair tumbled and his shirt the only thing covering her , offering him a tasty view of her honey - toned thighs .
it 's such a conservative car , really , even in price , and the darn thing is a year old now .
she was soon being pushed from one rack of clothes to the next , and her arms were laden with things she knew she 'd never wear again after she left this benighted place .
the two other women also kissed her , and they repeated the sentiment , then left the store without buying a single thing .
and the only thing covering her br**sts was about the tiniest bikini top he 'd ever seen .
she hated the temperamental thing , but if she had to endure riding around in it , she was going to make sure her father got the same privilege .
he pointed and said , ` ` take that thing off . ''
the thing had really latched on .
you head out and let her get some rest , and then you can pick her up first thing in the morning . ''
the gift from us is the only thing some of these kids get every christmas . ''
no need to be seen wearing that hideous thing any longer than necessary .
but now , it was the only suitable thing to wear under pants so tight nothing was left to the imagination .