automatically , she turned on the flashlight and began to walk down the corridor made of earth and oak timbers that shored up the sides and ceiling .
amidst a great clanking of metal and groaning of timbers , the spiked portcullis was raised and the drawbridge slowly fell forward .
suddenly julie heard the timbers of the bridge begin to groan and she screamed , ` ` do n't try it !
the blazer was moving steadily across the creaking timbers , plowing snow with its bumper , tires spinning and grabbing and spinning again as the four - wheel - drive gear did its work .
with each uplifting and crash of the ship , she skidded back and forth over the timbers lying on the deck , making little progress .
the room had been at the end of a long tunnel , the floor earthen , the walls reinforced by wooden timbers .
` ` it looks like it was built fairly recently , at least in comparison to the house , '' lucien observed , running his hand over the wood timbers that enforced a different branch of the tunnel system than the one they 'd been in earlier .
we going to timbers tonight ? ''
she 's standing in front of the mirror , fixing her hair , already dressed for the night at timbers i still have n't technically agreed to .
` ` what happened to you at timbers ? ''
` ` i told him to after that night at timbers , but i did n't really expect to hear from him .
he works here most afternoons for ray , moonlighting weekends a few blocks away at the little nightclub called timbers .
i ' ve seen him before when i watched karissa from afar , saw him the night at timbers when melody left the bar ... the night karissa was drugged and collapsed in the street .
similarly , the door looked somehow out of place ; a giant slab of thick timber with a heavy iron lock .
the flames leapt up , obscuring her fair face , and a low roar came from the rapidly burning timbers .
the ceilings were low and made of darkly varnished timbers .
` ` there 's no moulage on it , '' the vampire said , still not having looked away from the thick , dark timbers .
at the center of the room was the holding pen in a huge snow - globe - like affair , all blackened timbers and broken chimney .
there were multiple rooms and hallways , the muddy walls supported with timbers .
the building in front of them was ancient , with timbers and stacked brick showing through the cracking plaster .
stone and timber houses jut jauntily into the street , like gossiping housewives .
the church in st . lyphard is an old one , made of solid breton stone and thick wooden timbers .
` ` this place is so adorably rustic , '' korbie said , her eyes tracing the exposed timbers along the ceiling .
the wind was dropping trees all around us and three times we saw john and conner ahead of us having to take different routes , due to fallen timbers .
to the right , an enormous mead hall built with huge timbers rose from the crest of a low hill like the armored back of some sea serpent .
it was outlined with landscaping timbers .
i also told myself that i 'd only stationed myself at shiver - me- timbers because it was the best place to see the parade , but i could n't help noticing that quite a few other women were hanging around nearby .
the shack was now a pile of broken timbers .
my knees wobbled from the impact , but i stood straight again and , as timbers crashed to the ground around us , hauled ass to get away from the fire raging behind us .
the next moment , the stronghold came into view , a massive timber and iron structure set against the mountain on a wide jut of land that dropped off steeply to a forest below .
the sides were shored up with thick timber and wire over the dirt walls .
james ignored the question , lodging a heavy piece of timber against the cabin door and picking up one of the cans of gasoline .
the first level was made with large stone while the second and third levels had timber frames .
the building itself seemed to stretch and sigh , with a creaking of timbers and a squeaking of stairs , and a sudden puff of coal - smelling warm air came out from the back of the cold hearth , the exhalation of a fire lit on some lower floor , sharing my chimney .
suddenly , there was an explosion overhead , a roar that sent vibrations through the jutting timbers we were sitting on .
` ` it 's a lot easier not to give up , when it is n't you that 's sick , '' i said , staring up at the timbers overhead .
a primitive - looking affair , this consisted of a pair of huge timbers crossed in the shape of an x , set on an enormous spindle , surmounting the boxlike body of the press .
then there was a visible stirring among the blackened timbers of the ruined house , and a great light dawned .
the figure had reached the black smear of the foundations and was climbing awkwardly among the stones and the charred timbers that remained , the dark cloak lifting and billowing as the air shifted .
and in the distant ruins of the big house , the jackstraw of charred timbers hid whatever lay below .
the last time i had seen the house , it was no more than a heap of blackened timbers .
` ` it seems like a lifetime ago that we came here first , '' i remarked , sitting down on one of the stacks of half - hewn timbers and pulling off my wide - brimmed hat to let the breeze blow through my hair .
and with the light of the fire dancing on the stacked timbers and the piles of foundation stones , we enjoyed the privacy of our home , rudimentary as said home might be at the moment .
he was sitting on one of maui ii 's rotten timbers , one hand resting on it , and his shoulders were stooped , as if he were carrying a great weight .
the reinforced wooden gate was dislocated from its setting and propped open with huge timbers ; it possessed no entry sentries .
like a ball of cosmic fire , the energy exploded from the tip of the stick and struck the large timbers and stone blocks overhead that crashed down on the beast .
it was cramped inside , with a low ceiling , all made out of rough timbers .
at the base of this particular stockade large timbers had been set into the ground at an angle ; the other ends stuck up into the air and had been sharpened to a cruel looking point .
most of these timbers had metal rings set with cruel looking barbs around them nailed down their length .
we crossed a timber bridge that spanned the noisome moat and entered through the gates into the ognod city proper .
its almost too dark to see , but i have looked at it enough times to know every one of the charred timbers , and the hard inkblot sheets of pvc siding that melted and pooled on the sidewalk as the house burned so long ago .
the crows nest itself was an imposing hall built of stone and timber , reminiscent of the great viking strongholds of scandinavia .
a series of additions made of rough wood timbers and planking jutted out from the sides and the second floor , doubling the original building in size .
the train tracks ran directly overhead , and trains roared past every so often causing a film of dust , sparkling in the sunlight as it fell , to shake from the old timbers and settle over them .
the mine shaft was barred with heavy timbers .
today , we hauled those timbers off the old farm truck and set about sealing up all the vulnerable ground floor windows .
moses moved down to the gold railing on which arms and chins were resting , so he could get a closer look at what was happening down in the polished timber pit that served as a stage .
he gazed down at a brown and blood - red river , percolating through an embankment of timber and stone .
broken stone and burnt timbers littered the ground .
the ceiling , maybe a head taller than hansum , was rough - cut whitewashed timbers and beams .
while the history camp ceiling was low , the ceiling here was lower and made of unmatched graying timbers and crooked logs , flattened on top to support an upper floor .
pulling himself on top of the unconscious troop , he was just in time to shield him from the falling timbers and madly flying objects as the building collapsed .
he took solace in the peace within the timbers ; the quietness of it , sometimes feeling more at home than when he was in the village .
as matt walked up the tailing pile , he came to a small flat spot covered in weathered timbers .
piled amongst the fallen burned timbers were the remains of a bedframe and some springs from mattresses .
the warm , sapphire waters whispered gently against the thick wooden timbers of highports deep water docks , which surround the city on all three sides of the peninsula on which it rested .
those that were free standing were made of white limestone and sandstone blocks with domed roofs of bronze , blue copper , or heavy timbers .
she picked up a piece of timber and began swinging it , crushing the skull of one of the soldiers and then turning on the other .
and i have no idea how such little people built a place with such massive timbers .
dmitri quickly stacked a sizable pile of rubble and timbers in front of his breach in the wall , and hoped that it would be sufficient .
tammy and the busboy plowed right through a barricade just as the main building exploded , showering them with flotsam and burning timbers .
its a wooden construct , timbers woven together into a solid frame , almost like a raft .
the market - town is a collection of squat buildings clustered around a central plaza , all enclosed by a fence - like barricade of tall , spiked timbers .
the soft shaking became a pulsating wave of earth that collapsed timbers and knocked me to the ground .
immediately in front of the truck , the road ended at a low but massive gate constructed of heavy wood timbers .
covering the one opening was a gate made of thick , knotted timbers .
the remains of a building , sagging timbers and broken glass , a few ruined pieces of furniture strewn nearby .
on either side of me , the timbers of abandoned piers rose up from the water like rotting black teeth .
there were only the three timber constructions now , the three bodie ... .
the rough timbers of the floor felt warm under her feet .
shored up with timbers , it was now ignored .
he was still watching when the flour mill exploded in a blast of light and flying timbers .
as the smoke and dust cleared , he saw that the flour mill was gone - all that remained were a few wooden timbers , now burning .
marek had stripped off his monk 's habit and thrown it downstream when the flour mill exploded , timbers and bodies flying in all directions .
in a few moments , it was a mass of charred , smoking timbers .
of the palatial house there was nothing left but jagged timbers thrust up into the sky , heaps of tumbled brick and cinders , one corner in the back where a narrow servants ' staircase and a corner of the second floor stood alone , a few feet of space .
it 's supported by large timbers , just like our mines in west virginia , but there 's a thick black cord running from timber to timber , stretching as far as i can see .
he heard timbers creak and crash as part of the burning barn collapsed outside .
ahead of them stood a gray stone wall with round towers at the corners and a raised drawbridge in the center , dark timbers studded with iron .
the ship and the sea became unified , and there was a music to that unification , a music of groaning timbers , creaking ropes , and booming sails .
unfortunately , they had not computed the strength of the wooden timbers that formed the frame .
the asturians had burned the village , so about all that was left of it were heaps of charred timbers and tumbled stone walls .
about ten minutes later , khalad and a few dozen knights dragged a large log into place before the gate , suspended it on ropes attached to several makeshift tripods , and began to pound on the rotting timbers .
here and there , the mortar had crumbled away , revealing the fact that the buildings beneath that coating were constructed of squared - off timbers .
the timbers shrieked and groaned in protest as the heavy seas wrenched at their vessel , and high overhead there was the heavy booming of the sails .
a deadly , jarring boom came from under their feet and with it the sound of splintering timbers .
the battered stern of the ship came sluggishly up out of the churning waves with her shattered timbers shrieking as the hull pulled free of the jagged reef .
the surf still boomed about them , and the snapping and splintering of timbers amidships was deafening , but they were safe .
the narrow hall echoed and rang with the noise of cracking timbers coming from amidships .
he climbed carefully over the splintered timbers at the point where the keel had broken and went up a ladder to the hatch above .
the possibility occurred to him that the shipwreck that had set those timbers adrift might have taken place as long as a century ago and that the debris might well have floated half around the world to wash up on this strand of salt - crusted pebbles .
the gate to the inn was closed , and sparhawk leaned over and banged on its timbers with his gauntleted fist .
at the barred gate of the inn , sparhawk climbed down from the wagon and pounded the rhythmic signal on its stout timbers .
the house at the end of the street was not impressive the lower floor was constructed of field - stone , crudely mortared together , and the second storey was of roughly squared - off timbers .
when it finally broke , the timbers of the bridge fell on him . ''
the man they wanted was all the way at the top of the hill , in a huge house of timber and plaster whose upper stories loomed over the narrow street .
once she stumbled over a rock and fell against the wall , and her hand found raw earth supported by timbers , whereas before the tunnel had been dressed stone .
snow was smaller than stone , a single fortified tower and a timber keep and stable hidden behind a low wall of unmortared rock .
it had taken the freys three generations to complete their bridge ; when they were done they 'd thrown up stout timber keeps on either bank , so no one might cross without their leave .
its timber palisade looked strong from afar , but had not proved strong enough .
a new inn had risen beside the landing , twice the size of the old one , with a lower story of cut stone and two upper stories of timber .
the house was two stories tall , stone below and timber above .
he had never thought to find a stone castle on the far side of the wall , but he had pictured some sort of motte - and - bailey with a wooden palisade and a timber tower keep .
even the small timber inn that must once have been a welcome sight for travelers stood half - fallen and roofless .
so castle black had a wall of sorts at last , a crescent - shaped barricade ten feet high made of stores ; casks of nails and barrels of salt mutton , crates , bales of black broadcloth , stacked logs , sawn timbers , fire - hardened stakes , and sacks and sacks of grain .
the common hall had burned to the ground and the great wooden stair was a mound of broken ice and scorched timbers .
the yards and dining hall were empty more oft than not , the lord commander 's tower was a shell , the old common hall a pile of blackened timbers , and hardin 's tower looked as if the next gust of wind would knock it over .
blackwood 's solar was on the second floor of a cavernous timber keep .
the blanket was entirely gone , the playhouse reduced to a teetering wood structure , all blackened timbers and ashes .
as the dust began to settle , we could see huge , jagged pieces of rock and rotting wooden timbers that had fallen from the ceiling above .
using timbers and earth .
it was a chaos of burning , falling timbers .
but burning timbers were falling everywhere around them .
the sweet smell of smouldering timbers still hung in the air .
heavy oak timbers used for rafters supported the ground floor of the castle .
their sound was lively and celtic to billys ears , with instruments not dissimilar to a violin , a banjo , and a guitar ; all appeared to be made of timber and were very basic in design and decoration .
beyond the spirit of milled oak timbers , within intricate runes carved in a familiar seal , bloomed the path from here to there .
the back gate entering the castle grounds was made of stout timbers , yes , worthy to stand up to most attacks , but not fireworks .
huge thick timbers served as supports for each floor , and giant chandeliers made of deer and caribou antlers hung from the high ceiling .
the high pitched chirps and trills of small birds , the rustling of debris tossed about in light winds , even once the crash of a burned - out house collapsing , its charcoaled timbers unable to support itself ; the sounds from the outside tried to invade danrs mind , tried to distract him .
constructed out of the trees that grew on the sacred isle , the timber slats were layered over each other , and the pontoon had small decks off each level .
standing in the very middle was an old wooden cabin , its smooth timbers covered with large brambles and thorns ; the roots and vines bursting from the earth and securing the cabin to the ground .
it was an old heavy building , built of timber and stone , that looked like it had grown slowly up from the forest floor .
i cross through a wall of hanging branches and suddenly i m inside a timber fort with no gates leading out .
* chapter 7 it was nt just a village they had arrived at , but one safely nestled behind a formidable stockade , expertly constructed from heavy , hewn timbers .
* * * i was hugely entertained by the story , thinking of dale in particular , with his blackened eyes and his troll - ish bulk , being tricked into carrying heavy timbers around .
they were not the well - constructed palisade walls of frontier forts , but boarded - up timbers designed with no apparent concern for defense .
howling wind roared overhead and timbers creaked loudly .
the structure was pure americana , massive timbers stacked upon each other with rough - hewn precision .
two the timber bay cabins and lodge occupies a quiet cove on lake superior , buffered on three sides by a forest of spruces and pines that stretches past the freeway in the west and grows thicker out toward the northern iron range , beyond the horizon and farther into canada and north dakota .
the timber covered redoubt was camouflaged with netting from air surveillance .
the bayou towns he had passed through were nt much more than two strips of timber buildings , separated by a course of dark , sluggish water edged with willows and with a wooden bridge at either end .
the house was raised off the ground on stone piers , its ancient cypress timbers the same gray as the moss hanging from the oak trees .
no - one ever entered the great halls of london without being awed by the enormity of the space , the incredible craftsmanship of the masonry and the complex network of roof timbers , many of which had been reclaimed from old warships .
remarkably , for the time , it needed no intermediate columns to support the beautifully ornate arched roof timbers .
thick wooden timbers climb from the floor to the crossbeams that traverse its length and width above me .
the darkened ceiling is open and made of thick timbers with planks resting on them .
inside , the frame is made of mammoth tree timbers that go from the ceiling down to the dirt floor .
it had collapsed into itself creating a pile of blackened timbers and ash .
a heavy snow had fallen in the night , and now the blackened timbers lay half - buried and askewthe inspiration of some monochromatic jackson pollack nightmare .
this building , constructed with massive stones and huge timbers , reverberated with amplified music emanating from deep within it .
they required rope to lash the timbers together to make the raft on which they intended to ride down the river .
the windmill stood sentinel over a squat , sienna colored , adobe and timber structure .
his fist thumped loudly against the timber of her front door , three times .
the hull groaned as its shiny , perfectly cut timbers ground against the dock .
they were made of heavy timber , supported by sturdy cross pieces .
under the concrete timbers of the highway overpass .
its walls were built of timbers , which would , of course , have moldered into the ground long ago .
their houses are made from what we whites discard : old wooden timbers and rusted corrugated iron .
he ran for all he was worth , his allen - edmond shoes crunching on the gravel and timbers alternately .
it was filled mostly with stone and timber ruins , and he guessed it had once been a colonial mining town that had been razed by a fire .
there are five ironclads out there , and two timbers .
the charred remains of burning timbers and blackened debris had been cleared from the path and tossed in .
the timbers of the pontoon creaked slightly .
nothing there but charred timbers ; there was n't even much left of the structure .
rotting timbers lay scattered across the old pig rearing area .
i saw only structural timbers but if those timbers are in that hole , then the money pit will hold something .
surprisingly enough , it was still standing but the rotted looking timbers spoke volumes of danger in crossing the bridge .
through the fogged windshield of the car , chuck peered out through fogged thinking at the black and rotted timbers that made up the road track section of the crossing .
another pistol shot of cracking timbers and the structure seemed to jump , groan beneath him and shudder .
the jeeps tires at last hit the soft sand on the other side of the bridge and drug the rear of the cherokee off the falling timbers and onto the surface of the logging road , but chuck forgot to stop .
somebody had built this simple timber shell right inside a bigger room .
he laid his palms flat on the smooth timbers and bunched up his shoulders and heaved .
he sat on the stony ground with his back against the timbers of the door and asked himself : has it run out now ?
they were made from four - inch timbers banded together with galvanized steel straps and hung from sliders at the top .
eight massive towers adorned with half timbers accommodated more than a hundred rooms .
the farmhouse looked old , with a worn wood floor and exposed timbers as beams .
inside was a large , crowded room with sawdust on the floor and timbers lining the ceiling .
just inside the gate was an abandoned flower bed outlined with sunken timbers and covered with weeds .
another shot and a bullet came up through the floorboards a few feet away , the two - hundred - year - old timbers offering little resistance .
his eyes surveyed the darkness , but he could not determine much beyond the stacks of collapsed walls and old timbers .
many of the building 's windows had been shot through but the old timbers had withstood the barrage .
three stout timbers rose about ten meters apart and supported the upper story .
they found a platform that abutted the upper cupola , among the building 's crisscrossing exoskeleton of wooden timbers and more recent steel beams .
automatic gunfire exploded from inside the cabin and bullets ripped into the heavy timbers behind them .
they regrouped and eased slowly over the old timbers .
it was some one - off store , heavily designed with weathered shingles and timbers rescued from some old barn .
the paths all around were made of grey gravel boxed in with timbers that were also painted silver .
he walked one of the silver timbers that boxed the path , like a tightrope , silently .
it was built of timbers that looked as hard as iron , but it was rotting and leaning .
he stayed off the gravel and minced along the silver timbers to his bathroom window .
then the ground floor itself burned through and there was another cough and shudder as the flaming timbers tumbled through to the basement .
deep holes for the posts , sturdy timbers , strong rails .
the duncan compound was reduced to three vertical chimneys and a wide horizontal spread of ashy grey timbers that were still burning steadily , but no longer fiercely .
past kane , a wall of sand , rock , and pieces of broken timber blocked the tunnel .
they made their way through the foyer and up a cascading stairway , beneath rafters of fir timbers .
he pointed to the thirty foot island hopper moored to the rotting timbers of the dock .
leaning back against the smooth timbers , she watched him nurse .
at a distance , i followed , until he came to the end of the street , where there was a squat wooden building , a storehouse of some kind , and , with a glance to make sure he was n't being watched , he leaned his musket against the timber then undid the buttons of his britches to have a piss .
the doors were hanging loose , their iron reinforcements twisted out of shape and their timbers smouldering , but some effort had been made to pull them shut .
we walked under the massive overhang in front of the solid looking front doors , and i grinned at the merrily twinkling lights strung up under the eaves of the huge timbers .
i was just past the huge , ancient timbers supporting the massive overhang of the front door , when a streak came rushing towards me .
the puppet stopped the car at the entrance to an old , rundown hunting lodge with rotting timbers and overgrown with vines and bushes .
rats squealed , racing to abandon the rotted timbers .
the explosion rocked the mines , cracked rotten timbers , splintered beams overhead , and sent dirt and rocks falling on the dead .
fresh from a shower , lucan stepped out the french doors of his and gabrielle 's private bedroom at the maine compound and stood alone on the timber deck .
based on the weapons and combat attire of their escorts out of boston , she 'd expected more of the same once she stepped inside the stone - and- timber fortress where they lived .
the last time my driveway had been graveled , the parking area in front of the house , outlined with landscape timbers , had gotten a fresh load , too .
blowing wearily , i leaned back against the thick timbers , to shut out the coming morning .
he was at the door in seconds , heaving aside timbers and bricks .
she cut across the long yard and gardens , breathless as she reached the dark brick - and - timber building near the water .
it really was just a big open box of heavy timbers , attached to a thick rope , which ran up and down in a sort of chimney in the rock .
` ` when i reached the house of the greek merchant , it was nothing but burnt timbers .
before she 'd lit out of dallas , giving up on the fang gang for good , she 'd seen the coven house on swiss avenue burnt to timbers .
raw sounds shocked him - sirens , voices , the crackle of the burning house as its last timbers collapsed .
never had the place seemed so much like a crude palace with its enormous timbers shouldering the rough - sawn plank ceilings , the rusted smokestack chimneys rising from the round stone hearths .
then there were the roof timbers .
within an hour she had uncovered the burnt timbers !
the floor was scratched in the old high - traffic areas and the light fixtures were still a table length apart , but it looked like a living room - a very large , low - ceilinged living room done up to look like a piece of up north with its round wooden timbers and dark paneling .
` ` but when i first entered the compound , when i first saw all the burnt timber and the collapsed roofing , well , i came on mekare standing in one of the passageways , and she was so altered , so different , that for a moment i felt i was looking at a stranger . ''
but let me continue : i buried her remains near a vast ruined monastery , deep in the untended forest , a collection of rude buildings made of crudely dressed stones and rough timbers where monks had once studied and worked and lived .
` ` but the fire would not have me , did not kill me , and i tumbled down , and down amid smoking timbers and old bones as i wept , too weak to rise , and was finally entombed with the remains of the cemetery beneath paris .
the timbers overhead creaked ominously .
he was at the very front of the theater , where part of the ceiling had collapsed into a jumble of metal and timbers .
beneath the timbers , face creased in pain , lay ... me .
it was accented by large dark timbers and leafy palm trees .
loose gravel covered the ground , along with a variety of junk - rotted timbers , rusted pipes , coils , and other bent , twisted pieces of metal .
the house creaked around me , the thick timbers in its wall groaning in alarm .
a corral built with rough timbers was set directly against the mountain .
it was old and corroded , set into the earth on an iron frame , anchored by ancient timbers .
raven told me it was one of the very first homesteads , and the headquarters of the first ragtag group of resisters , who scavenged for materials and built a quasi - house , a weird patchwork structure made from timber , concrete , stone , and metal .
and in the center of the decking , a squat timber box as high as my hip , covered with a padded blue lid .
big heavy white timbers tumbled down , bouncing off the track , taking more of the ride with it .
light bathed the old timbers , and the whole room seemed to glow .
the broken timbers form a natural ladder , so at least i can climb down , without taking a leap like elliott did .
the air is fresher out of the shadow of half - burned buildings with their charred timbers exposed .
about twenty yards in , a wall of jumbled earth and broken timbers confronted us , a confusion of dirt and rock and the shattered remnants of the huge joists that had once held the ceiling aloft .
the west wall crumbled before my eyes , fiery timbers collapsing in a shower of sparks ; they soared in the night air like fireflies and the smoke curled upward , ghostly in the moonlight .
here , houses were constructed of uniformly sawed timbers with faded , peeling whitewash , addendums to the odd uniform structures in the center of town .
the buildings were old but well kept , of timber and stone .
nathanial , who was now reclining over a heap of broken timbers , called out .
` ` i ' m next , '' nathanial said , leaping down from the tower of timbers .
his gaze swept over the wooden table and the two ragged leather chairs before the hearth , then rose to the loft nestled against the roof timbers .
when i am not needed on deck for drills and such , i take to crawling around the insides of my ship , putting my hands on her knees , the massive timbers that support the thinner planks of the hull , marveling at the craftmanship that went into building her - the carefully shaped pegs and wedges that are pounded into her and hold her together - how like a delicate eggshell she is , yet she is able to keep out the raging sea and keep us safe inside her .
the mighty ships come together against us and the wolverine groans as her timbers are bent and broken .
it is raftered with heavy timbers overhead .
below it were doors built of heavy timber , perhaps salvaged from the ship itself .
constructed from stone and heavy timbers , the sprawling main building perched right at the edge of the brink .
picking their way through the jumbled stones and timbers left by the toppled tower , ferrin paused to indicate a dusty arm protruding from the rubble .
the cabin was a ruin : a skeleton of scorched timber and charred debris floating on a gray moat of refrozen snow and ash .
the ceiling feels low and crowded with its exposed timbers close overhead .
then she dragged timbers with nails jutting from them and broken sinks with rainwater film in their basins .
with my left hand i grabbed onto one of the timbers sunk into the ground for the restraining rail .
we will place this firewood at the base of the stockade and pour oil on the timbers .
when the teener passes through , he notices a framework of stout timbers lining the corridor .
between where hank lay and the car there were a number of naked timbers .
suddenly a figure appeared on the fringe of the trail , under the trees , and began gliding toward the fallen timbers .
slasher cleared the timbers with a bound and leaped into the bushes .
not only was a gentle motion present , but interspersed with the low groaning of timbers and creaking of ropes , i heard a droning noise , regular and stable .
it squatted at the mouth of the pass , dark timbers cutting a sharp contrast to the snow .
ever since she surrendered , following a furious fire - fight twenty minutes after nelson was shot , damage control parties have been hacking away the debris and racing to reach the burning timbers .
screamed richard as the dory exploded , shattering the galleys bow timbers .
behind him , smoke still curled upward from the charred timbers of the ship in the cove .
he cautiously stepped on the timbers only to back away .
mill street ran along the southern border of the bazaar , a maze - like square teeming with hundreds of shops ranging from ancient two - story buildings of timber and stone to tent - like stalls erected that morning .
* * * the german field engineers were working by floodlight , lashing the barges together broadside on to the bank and laying heavy bridging timbers across them .
we crawled , or jumped , or climbed over giant masses of earth and timbers that fell all around us .
the people on the raft began to panic because it appeared to them that the timbers had vanished under their feet but yet they were still floating on the water .
the habsburg eagle was a rag hanging from the masthead , sails hung in tatters from the yards and victorias timbers were bleached and split .
the floor was strewn with piles of rubble and broken timbers .
he lifted stones and tossed broken timbers out of the way .
he searched under stones and timbers , through piles of rubble and garbage but found nothing .
the timbers creaked and groaned , bending a little more with each blow .
workmen digging the foundations for a bridge had uncovered timbers of the wreck .
in the center of the clearing were a few broken timbers .
he could see areas along the edge of the cleared area where jakes workmen had stockpiled large timbers and pilings , in preparation for the construction of the piers .
besides the wooden stempiece that spyder had destroyed , there were several other timbers that had been ripped by the bulldozer from the ground .
whatever her date , early or late , her bowsprit or any bow timbers will be out here beyond the stem that the bulldozer unearthed .
they walked a few feet toward the bow timbers and came to a two foot square - sided hole in the ground .
the pastor placed several two by four timbers along the conglomerate to spread the tension of the strap .
when it was on top of the timbers , they removed the cable and put the strap back in the truck.the three stood around the artifact .
windows had fallen out on the ground and timbers , bricks and pipes hung without order and with no resemblance to the once weathertight construction .
they lifted the bell and moved it , walking backward out of the broken timbers .
the man walked in front of the roll of broken timbers that towered over him by at least ten feet .
i stopped in a cave made from broken cinder block and fallen timbers .
he stood there on the singed and brittle lawn , looking over the mounds of ash and jutting timbers .
the sounds of breaking glass and snapping timbers could be heard from all corners of the doomed vessel .
it was behind the pile of hand - hewn white pine timbers which were all that remained of the old barn .
no , this was narrow tunnel of a different sort , trussed with massive timbers , but earthen besides .
he climbed through the barnacle encrusted timbers beneath a thousand foot pier watching as small sharks swam beneath him .
some timbers , iron tools , wheel rims could be used again .
the brown house was constructed of thick , dark timbers and had three levels .
the wooden timbers that had supported the thatched adobe roof littered the interior of the buildings stone shell like spent matchsticks .
wooden timbers jutted from the adobe plastered walls supporting an ornamental second story narrowing to a parapet and a bell housing , topped with a cross .
the rest is a smoking , fallen ruin of charred timbers .
only a few timbers from jack 's farmhouse , barn and the wreckage of a few cars are visible .
and timbers went airborne , now !
our approach brought us quickly to see it was wood debris floating on the water : mostly split planks and timbers .
and on some of the planks and timbers were human bodies .
but , of the bodies on planks and timbers , they were grasping and clinging to the wood ; they were still clinging to life !
the book says the temple was made of timbers decorated in gold .
i climbed onto a stack of timbers and looked out over the pit .
smoke stained the heavy timbers of the high ceiling .
rusty iron bands bound the thick timbers .
i d spent the time between killing the snake and arriving in the camp chopping down timbers with my sword , dragging them into interwoven piles and adding stones on top .
not far away was the arena , a tall round structure made up of individual timbers roped together .
the timbers of the stout little galley creaked and groaned as the men fairly ripped her through the water .
it was beside the wall near the entrance , a construction of ropes and timbers and two canvas sails that thrashed back and forth .
a rich voice rose above the din from the kitchen as captain ris came in , and sat beside mother on the already strained timber bench .
it gave the worn timbers and grimy stone of kir a glistening look , like the carapace of some giant insect .
the ramshackle timbers of the docks were gradually giving way to a row of better presented houses as the two ascended the hill towards the city walls .
ran can see that with each blow small splinters fly from the gates oak timbers .
they enter the moat and resume hammering and picking the timbers at the base of the gate .
towards the gate were the storehouses and granaries as long as council houses , but taller , built of stout timbers and heavy thatching .
there was nothing left here but blackened timbers and burned corpses .
a makeshift gallows was erected in the town square , built from the fallen timbers of the trade office .
timber groaned and spat black ash .
the citys stone walls were somewhat high and the gate was made of extremely heavy wooden timbers with arches of ancient and decorative woodwork .
the door itself was supported by two upright wooden thickly hewn timbers with a cross piece of the same size overhead .
a partially crumbling ceiling suspended quite low and was held in place by thick , black timbers of twisted and knotted wooden beams that supported a roof overlaid with plaster that was well blackened by layers of dense soot .
the thatch immediately burst into flame , the supporting timbers quickly following it .
timbers that had been transformed into little more than charcoal were hefted aside , still smouldering hay from the thatched roof was carried away , heavier pieces were hauled clear by urgently harnessed horses .
gaining in strength , he finally rushes towards the already trembling timbers .
she moved far enough up to see a stone bridge and a timber cabin just beyond it .
those low - caste creatures then directed me to a mercenary lodge not far off , in the area of the neutral lands called the great timbers .
` ` it was in or near the great timbers lodge that you were abused ? ''
when the pilgrims are here , yes , he replied , making his way into a side street where he stopped outside a grey - weathered timber building .
father paul led her to the entrance to one of the tiny cottages and into a small smoke - stained room of timber .
the village was different to what mica had seen before , the houses were round , made of timber and stood on stone foundations .
atlatla and the chac ceiba men walked across the plaza , and my brother placed his hands on top of the poles and allowed the men to tie his wrists to the timbers .
their black ponies did not move as swiftly as mustangs or stallions , but they pressed on to the timbers of the valtava forrest full gust .
it was completely made from the thick sikwayi timbers of the forest .
the emptiness forced a howl from his celestinos chest that racked the timbers with its wretchedness .
he tells a confused story of a deep deep forbidden area signaled , yes , signaled this one by two crossed timbers , each the girth of a tree , barring the passage and dripping foreign words tarred on the timbers that had to mean : do nt go any further .
it made him so dizzy , just looking , that when he returned past the first crossed timbers he lost his way .
ahead , she sees two great crossed timbers barring the way .
ahead there s a replica of the first crossed timbers .
like helen , she ventures past the timbers into growing ruin .
the four too go past the two crossed timbers and see her far below as margaret had seen her ; her back to them , slouched forward motionless , face concealed , on the mattress crowning a great heap of files with dozens of books and with blood on her and on the files and papers but not on the books .
men on scaffolding , pulled down blackened timbers and replacing them with freshly hewn logs .
men on scaffolding removed blackened timbers and replaced them with freshly hewn logs .
his eyes were for the pirates that just now set their feet upon the timbers .
a scream emerged , though not her own , and echoed off the timbers .
the timbers shook beneath them , the ship trembling with rashodd 's stride .
' what in all hell are you- ' before rashodd could find the words for his fury , the timbers quaked with sudden , violent force .
he blinked ; kataria 's question sounded odd to him , considering that she had seen him be smashed against the timbers , hoisted up and nearly strangled in a webbed claw .
now , men dangled around the great mess of timbers , prying from its splinters what appeared to be thick , reeking chunks of quickly browning beef .
their shattered timbers reached up , as if in plea to an unsympathetic sky , desperate for something to pull them free of the sand they sank farther into with every rising wave .
that thought occurred to him roughly a moment after he skidded across the slick timbers to crash against the railings and a moment before instinct shouted down rational thought .
he was dragged forward , skidding across the timbers until he came chest - to - back with kataria .
the rocky teeth bit deeply into the vessel , smashing timbers and sending shards screaming .
the shattered timbers of ships and their crumbled monolith statues littered the floor , leaves from the dead stone trees .
the city took shape out of the desert haze as they rode onwards : shattered timbers jutting out of the sand , sharpened by years of wind into pointed stakes ; broken pieces of mud - and - wattle bricks ; the last remnants of buildings swallowed by the desert .
` ` i am afraid this is a bad part of the desert , but we will find water soon , '' tharkay said , bringing an armful of old broken timbers to the campfire .
the timbers of the slive creaked , and the ship changed course slightly .
the dark wood timbers gave the place a rough , unfinished look , but the place had a schizophrenic feel - part texas roadhouse , part dilapidated brothel .
birds nested in the ruin , and creepers had wound their way through the charred timbers , erasing man 's passage .
boom , boom , boom , then , with the next strike , there was a single , sharp crack as one of the timbers of the gate gave way .
the timbers of the widdershin gate were already on fire when rincewind , his face blistered and reddened from the flames , reached them .
they rode through just before the first of the big gate timbers descended in an explosion of sparks morpork was already a cauldron of flame .
you could imagine , looking at it from the sea , that several balks of timber had been set up to form an arched doorway .
brutha lay down on the deck , helped considerably by another wave that slammed into the timbers .
the ninja eyed the slab of timber .
there was some shouting in the darkness of the yard , and then the creak of timber .
the heat that had dried up the river fried the city by day and baked it by night , curling ancient timbers , turning the traditional slurry of the streets into a drifting , choking ochre dust .
those of her crew not terrified for dear life were frantically running up and down the ship , making constant efforts of woodcrafting to keep her timbers from shivering apart under the strain .
their great hinges and iron bars were wrenched and bent ; many of their timbers were cracked .
from dark dunharrow in the dim morning with thane and captain rode thengel 's son : to edoras he came , the ancient halls of the mark - wardens mist - enshrouded ; golden timbers were in gloom mantled .
the spell fizzled out before it really got going , and silas ended up with just two canoes and a forlorn pile of muriel 's colored timbers and rope .
he had assumed it would be small , but the reinforcing wood timbers indicated something deeper , longer .
doors there darkly dim gigantic were hewn in the hillside ; huge their timbers , and their posts and lintels of ponderous stone .
` ` seven years ago , '' said the girl , ` ` they came here in a ship whose sails were rags and timbers ready to fall apart .
and it is sung that she fell from the air upon the timbers of vingilot , in a swoon , nigh unto death for the urgency of her speed , and earendil took her to his bosom ; but in the morning with marvelling eyes he beheld his wife in her own form beside him with her hair upon his face , and she slept .
nevertheless , there was a fire among the dark timbers under the bridge .
now the timbers only smoldered , and were heaped with rubble and half - burned trolloc corpses .
he would want to run to the smoldering timbers and fires still burning brightly in every corner of the yard to find his grandmother and sisters .
oil lamps swung from the ceiling timbers casting shadowy images on the startled faces .
[ irish iron age began about 500 bc & lasted until the beginning of the christian era , about ad 400 ] the timber buildings inside the defensive perimeter had been re - built more recently by sigmall 's father .
culann was ushered into the timber hut , somewhat larger than the other huts and set on higher ground .
they offered the two priestesses the flaming timbers .
the temple precinct was small and surrounded by stone , the northern side forming part of the now - infamous military wall , a great makeshift structure of sand , brick and timber , reinforced by strategically spaced towers .
` ` all you plan within those cut timbers shall go against you .
red flames lick timbers on the holy island as we speak . ''
from shore , melaina heard echoes of shouting workmen still hard at building the palisade , saw huge timbers dragged into place by oxen , and clouds of dust billowing skyward .
` ` i ordered them changed last night , timbers moved , trench filled . ''
beside the enclosure , myrrhine saw a tower of timber and a hill of dirt beside an open grave .
myrrhine took a torch from aeschylus and stepped up to the felled timbers .
the greedy blaze leaped along the timbers , wetting each limb with cleansing flame , licked her daughter 's garments until they also burned .
the iridescent timbers gave way and crashed to the ground .
the place was utterly silent , save for the faint creakings and settlings of old boards and timbers .
the next instant a low roar seemed to emanate from all the timbers of the english frigate , while red - tipped flame tongued from her starboard side .
in only moments the fire found the powder room aft of the orlop deck , and as the english seamen looked on spellbound the galleon seemed to erupt in a single cloud of fire , rocketing burning timbers and spars across the sea 's surface .
as he watched , the drifting bon ventura suddenly lurched crazily sideways , and then came the sound of a coarse , grinding impact , as her burning timbers sprayed across the decks of the st . sebastian .
the opening of the tunnel had been braced with split timbers to hold back the weight of earth above and around .
it was also at this time that i returned to the villa , finding in its place nothing more than mounds of rubble , ashes and scorched timbers , poor reminders of less convulsed days .
it then continued as it skirted an indian and fur trappers rendezvous spot known as big timbers , then allowed an inviting stopover at the bents fort trading post for a much - appreciated replenishment of supplies , before continuing on to fountain city .
as they walked on , more houses became visible , but these were ruinous bare of thatch and the remaining roof timbers blackened as if by fire .
making use of the timbers and ropes so thoughtfully provided by the dragoons , they erected guide rails to assist the army in its crossing .
the roof timbers were burned .
i salvaged timbers for the roof and rethatched it .
he stepped down from the wagon and walked over to a stretch of timbers where the light hid their cover behind the bright veil , and he stood in the stream that was well lit and stretched out his arms to welcome its warmth .
at that , daniel yelped the horses on with a crack at the reins , as some of the timbers went spilling out of the back .
it was then he saw he was cut off from those escape holes by the flames and burning timbers .
the half - sunken bateau had been pushed off the shore and scuttled , so that none of its timbers were visible above the waves .
heavy timbers were installed in readiness for the introduction of a single - handed popper .
the old servant aided them as they dodged falling timbers and groped their way through the smoke to the courtyard .
then overburdened timbers began to crack and snap like toothpicks and tons of stone plummeted down into the mine with a deafening roar .
about a year later , on the edge of the weed belt , sailors found timbers from the ship .
howls , moans , and scorched , shattered timbers floating on the ocean ?
he got wounded at the battle of broken timbers ( again luke was making up a fictitious name ) , they wuz gon na cut off his leg .
this impressive river crest manor , anchored on all sides by towering scarlet timbers hundreds of years old , had been immortalized on canvas by three notable artists - with one particular rendition placed on prominent display in the newly established pennsylvania academy of the fine arts .
beyond the buildings , down a fifty - yard expanse of sloping , muddy levee , was a row of about fifteen boats and rafts of various sizes , which were tied to heavy timbers sunk deep in the river bank .
a rough timber bridge , fine enough as a work of engineering , but nothing to set beside the magnificent god 's house at tarchna , or velx 's acropolis , its temples crowned with statues of the gods .
just as egerius called a halt , by the end of the now smouldering bridge , the charred piers finally gave way against the press of bodies and timbers that had piled up behind .
suddenly , the top timbers started to move against each other , the whole structure beginning to sway .
further on there were arcades , supported by massive timbers .
after the end of the service , we then returned to an empty villa , which felt too cold and too quiet , the blackened timbers stinking of smoke and soot .
great timbers and blocks of limestone lay about , but no workmen were evident .
before long , an ark hove in sight upstream a long timber raft , about twelve feet wide and fifty long .
he sat down on the hull timbers , his head in his hands , and thought for a long time .
they found the temple grounds silent no chinking of chisels against rock , no whipsaws cutting timbers , and no sound of hammering .
but as she stared numbly at the rotting timbers in the roof , her mind was suddenly drawn back to that dark evening .
the infantry stuck on the bridge jumped out of the way as the cavalry thundered onto the wooden timbers .
a thin morning fog obscured the fortress timber walls and for a moment she felt as if she were on the top of a mountain , all alone .
david quickly lifted his own bag , storing it next to his uncles , hitting his head on the low - lying timbers as he did .
several stretches were literally built out of the side of a cliff , so that the supporting timbers hung over the edge of precipices .
before them , in a large forest clearing , were fifteen or so homes , surrounded by a stout timber palisade .
the two leaned hard on the massive timbers of the nearest gate .
two had been the chassis of cars at one time , now with sun - bleached timbers across the steel frames , piled with junk and pulled by sickly cattle .
the men a score or so were trying to make a raft out of wrecked timbers .
a mile or so below the first camp , long , dark timbers poked out of the sand .
it died in a massive jumble of bubbling froth twenty feet away and raced through the exposed timbers , tossing bits of salty foam in the air as it passed .
his heart pounding , he pressed close between the timbers to see .
her boyfriend jason timbers standing to the right of her .
the two men hiked to the base of the tree , climbing over fallen timbers , some of which still had thin wisps of smoke escaping from their scorched ends .
they said it was all big , rough - hewn old timbers , rotting into the ground .
this was how he fought at the battle of the fallen timbers .
the man picked up the one that bore burnt timbers .
chapter 11 the dwarves at a height of forty standard feet the winch began groaning under the pressure , the massive brentwood timbers that composed the frame bending as it inched its way upward .
chapter 14 days at the timber wall tavern when the lines of people started forming outside of the wayward inn , alec threw a fit , threatening at the top of his lungs to destroy the entire inn if every last one of them did n't leave .
the rotting timbers of the citys structures burned first .
there were no burnt or rotting timbers .
richard pointed to a bulky old - fashioned brown timber houseboat , persephone printed in faded gold on its stern .
they had built it on the roof , in between kiddie pools , using landscaping timbers and potting soil .
almost at once the support timbers , dried out by the desert climate and dined upon by generations of termites , began to groan .
michael had stood through twelve red - hued afternoons , each soaked with blood rain , before entering her phallic keep , the brittle wooden door shedding dust as he knocked , worm - eaten timbers adding to the under - floor mulch .
he swung the timber around swiftly , hitting another man in the shoulder .
he tore down his bungalow and used the timbers to fashion a rudimentary dinghy .
dashing downstairs in his clean vest and unbuttoned shirt , plus , thankfully , crisp new boxer shorts ; he unbolted the timber to find harold garstang and an unfamiliar female companion on his door step .
thick , rough - hewn timbers framed the windows .
it was a sleigh , an enormous sleigh with great hewn timbers for skids .
~~~ it was a stupendous large timber gate , standing outside of which were only the two people little girl and me .
i glanced over the large timber gate once again .
except in the direction of timber gate i was trying to reach every possibility of lamppost in all directions .
38 just about the timber gate , while exiting through the brief staircase , my gaze fell on the marble slate again .
he maneuvered closer to the housing unit , viewing the large timbers springing from the surface of the earth , functioning as support beams , while planks and boards linked these timber springs into a housing structure .
jerian charged the braced timbers , seeking her .
the wood furnace was in a dry basement with a straight run up two timbers the owner had thoughtfully placed by the cellar door , and the four of them had it out in daylight in short order .
` ` she must have been one tough lady to survive all that , '' he finally suggests , thinking what it must have been like for her , thrown into the sea by giant waves breaking over the deck , battered and tossed like a limp rag doll among the cracking timbers , finally being washed up onto a strange foreign beach in the darkness , hurricane winds howling and lashing at the wreckage all around her on the wet sand .
loose rock and dirt showered down over him , and support timbers groaned within the tunnel .
the shaft twisted and turned , and often he stumbled into loose support timbers , and piles of rock and debris in his path .
then , he scavenged the tunnel for loose timbers and rock .
through the brush , he saw the straight tree trunkthe central leverresting parallel to the ground , a frame of peeled timbers supporting the throwing arm .
after the pumpkins , the trebuchet remained parked , timbers blackening in the rain .
he envisioned the trebuchet tearing itself apart in a convulsion of kinetic energy and flailing timbers , the rock targeting them from above like a smart bomb .
but time and the massive timbers groaned awake .
the land mine had dislodged earth in the trench wall behind him and revealed old wooden timbers , using his bayonet he began hacking out the timbers and heaped them together .
the gas rose rapidly , with what little strength he had left hugh worked in a frenzy , by the time the gas had risen to waist height he was exhausted and could only push the timbers together against a shell with his boot ` ` well here goes nothing , '' he croaked as he took out his lighter .
immediately they had crossed the timbers caught alight and flames burst into the air .
davey swept up to where lord axa and the brothers were hacking furiously into the timbers of the gates , freeing the pent - up waters from the ice which had welded the gates to the volume of water which lay below .
at that same instant the whole ship seemed to explode , the timbers were rent asunder and erupted all around them .
the shabby crew who stood no chance against gelic - el easily brought this eccentric castaway under control , and threw him into a makeshift prison at the abandoned quarries , rough timbers lashed together as a simple but strong gate .
a last , tortured , splintering crack pitched the siege tower tantalizingly to one side it bowed and paused , its creaking audible over the screams then into complete collapse , dumping men and arms to the ground , pummeling the scattered people below with massive timbers .
the house was large and made of thick adobe walls ; the roof was held in place by huge timbers .
once in the dockyard , he hoped for some happy conversation with fanny , as they were joined by a brother lounger of mr . price 's , who must prove a more worthy companion than himself ; and the two officers seemed very well satisfied going about together , while the young people sat down upon some timbers in the yard .
to get to it we had to climb a pile of rubble and timbers which my aunt called a barricade .
on weekends that same trimet bus 31 delivered us to downtowns civic stadium and the portland timbers of the north american soccer league ( nasl ) .
they had left most of the hunters possession at the first camp so it would appear to be still in use , and set several traps there using sharp timbers and giant stones .
this was followed very quickly by , ` ` whose is the palomino standing by timber ? ''
bowls and what looked like cooking pots and utensils hung by ropes nailed to the large timbers that stretched up toward the peak .
jim agreed , astonished as he looked at the huge cedar timbers .
walking around the block i discovered that the back was a walled courtyard , serviced by a locked gate of heavy timbers .
rough - hewn barn timbers supported a white stucco ceiling throughout the living area .
it was an oil tanker wharf of large timbers and pilings coated with protective black and odorous creosote .
at the side of the bell , after all the centuries , the original huge timbers still rise from the enclosure of the thick wall .
he had come up against a door , solidly built into a frame of heavy timbers .
he moved the garden door open slowly , careful to avoid squeaks from the ancient iron strap hinges that held its half rotten timbers .
then it was gone in a burst of flame and falling timbers , and years had passed while its rotting shell fell in on itself .
street and jennifer were sitting on the landscape timbers panting and laughing .
the heavy wooden gate was open when gareth reached the earth and timber wall that surrounded the castle .
the three were in a forgotten subbasement beneath chinatown , lounging on timbers that had been burned black in the great fire of 1906 .
the parking lot was small and graveled , delineated by landscape timbers .
they both went down , ryan landing hard on the small timber table beside the couch and cracking his head .
well , shiver me timbers .
framed by three large timbers , the big ' h ' symbol hung centered at the top of the structure like the gateway to a more serene way of life .
disappearing down the other side , he was able to avoid the strike as the top of the hill was blown away instead , sending splintered timber , dirt , and smoke in every direction .
the lack of a porch over the doorway had resulted in the wood becoming soaked in last weeks rain and the water - swollen timbers did nt want to budge .
very little of the delicate filigree timbers appeared damaged but it would nt do to be sentimental about the ivy she might have to rethink the name for the cottage , she decided .
a columned timber arbour with a gently curving roof would run all the way from the gate where she was standing , through the spur - wall , to another gateway in the far eastern wall that would provide a tantalising glimpse of the trees in the woods beyond .
tonight , though , it was silent , the big copper - seamed roof gone cold and its massive timbers settled into somnolence .
the town boasted some distinctive buildings she had read were turn - of - the - last - century , like the original stone - and - brick county courthouse complete with cupola , and the sprawling timber inn where she was to have lunch .
she eyed the square - set timbers warily .
artemisia lowered herself to sit on a chest balanced on two timbers .
no wonder ; the curled form he had unearthed beneath the charred timbers of a fallen wall was sufficiently gruesome as to give anyone pause .
he glanced at the charred and steaming timbers , then round at his comrades .
before she could stomp back up the trail , though , roger and young ian came down , each carrying one end of marsali 's loom , collapsed for the occasion into a large bundle of heavy timbers .
most of those on the bridge were in the water now , more threw themselves flat upon the timbers , trying to wriggle their way across , only to be picked off by the muskets , every man firing at will from the redoubt .
somewhere around midnight , the roof fell in , with a crash of glowing timbers and a tremendous shower of sparks that fountained high into the night .
the rest was a mass of charred timbers and mounded ash , already turning gray .
looking down at the slate before us , i suddenly thought of the abandoned homestead we had found on our journey north ; the fallen timbers of the roof , and the cracked hearthstone , from which a hollybush had sprouted .
he found them in the darkest spot , crouched against one of the ship 's knees , the huge angled timbers that framed the hull .
ancient timbers braced the ceiling , but they were so eroded by termite damage that she did n't think they were holding up much of anything .
wisteria grew along the posts that supported the roof 's overhang and festooned the upper timbers with fragrant white flowers .
and although some were in good repair , others looked as if they might fall over in a crash of splintering timbers any minute .
the ship was in trouble - she could hear the timbers creaking beneath her .
once again , mother has found me in my bathrobe , exercising unattended in the courtyard , and i smile because i know she will yell at dr . timbers , asking him why i need to be locked up if i ' m only going to be left alone all day .