` ` well , you can soak red pepper and tobacco in some water , then spray the mixture on the leaves .
the man , looking a little older than he had before , leaned down so close that she could see the tobacco stains on his teeth .
` ` i 'll bet you did n't know that john grew up the son of a tobacco farmer who was land rich and dirt poor . ''
chloe noticed the cigarette roller and bag of tobacco .
* * * parked in the johnson 's tobacco field , melanie sat beside carter , her head on his shoulder as they watched the sun begin to set .
chapter one if it had n't been for the vultures circling above the johnsons ' old tobacco field , rose holland would ' ve never seen the dead body .
the muted lights , tobacco - stained ceiling , tacky wood paneling , familiar faces , and the jukebox waiting in the corner , filled her with fondness .
it smells of wood polish and tobacco .
tears filled her eyes again as she hugged her grandfather and breathed in his familiar scent of pipe tobacco and peppermint .
an old man with a stetson and a cheek full of chewing tobacco was sitting in front of the office on a metal chair , enjoying the balmy evening when they pulled up to register .
he filled the bowl with tobacco and lit it , puffing idly , his disconcertingly direct gaze focused on victoria 's face .
with that , he led adam off to the land of scotch and tobacco , and i headed downstairs .
he 'd always been what the media had called spectacular , with that wavy mane of deepest tobacco hair , those unique fiery eyes a contrast to his natural tan .
heavy sweet - spicy ood incense blended with the distinctive smell of fruit - mixed tobacco that many smoked in their water - filled sheeshas .
he had constant five o'clock shadow , a nine - inch dick , and always smelled like beer and tobacco .
from las vegas , he hitched a ride all the way to tennessee with a robust woman truck driver who wore plaid flannel shirts , chewed tobacco , and began almost every sentence with the word fuck .
he pulled out his pipe and tobacco .
he reached into his pocket and pulled out tobacco for his clay pipe .
it did n't smell of tobacco and fast food , and it most certainly was n't a place we could have afforded on our own .
you guys got tobacco , real estate , protection , and something happening with a garment factory on marmion .
the sweet scent of tobacco lingers in the air .
because quinn had already ingratiated himself with damon , the local division of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives had agreed to take quinn and his partner on loan from their police department .
djarum butts were sprinkled atop my desk where my cheek was stuck fast , filling my nose with stale cloves and tobacco .
i felt more connected to her than ever , sitting out here alone , dragging spiced tobacco into my lungs .
... every guard smoked clove tobacco .
i dreamed about the sweet scent of clove mixed with tobacco until i was sure i would die before i ever tasted one .
clove - spiced tobacco , imported from indonesia.i still did n't know even why he smoked cloves .
hand - rolleds of spiced tobacco that smelled so f**king good i nearly lost my mind .
he slowly lit up another clove , the flame of his lighter glowing bright as the tobacco ignited .
he smelled of alcohol and tobacco and lust , and though i was n't the least bit interested in getting naked with him , i was more than happy to dance - flirt , feeling my blood pumping in my veins .
bottles of alcohol , a pack of cigarettes , books of matches and ashtrays and a packet of pipe tobacco .
smoky air filled the narrow cabin , the telltale smell of tobacco letting me know i was n't alone .
i could taste the tobacco that he had just smoked seconds earlier and the champagne that he had drunk before everything had gotten so out of control .
i can feel the heat radiating from him , smell the sweat coating his skin , the tinge of salt mixing with a hint of tobacco , a scent i 'd be ecstatic if i never inhaled again .
he chewed thoughtfully for several seconds , as if working an invisible piece of tobacco around his mouth .
a baby - faced kid shoved a plug of tobacco in his cheek .
the rich scents of sweat and leather , mud and manure , the choking heat and the constant buzz of insects , hay and linament , tobacco and beer .
she remembered sitting in that truck cab , surrounded by the scent of horses , of chewing tobacco , of hay , dust and the underlying tangy aroma of his cologne , and she 'd wanted to stay right there with him forever .
cord jammed the tobacco in his cheek next to his molars .
he tasted of tobacco and toothpaste and sky decided she could stay right there pressed against his firm body , secure in his strong arms , all night .
colt spit out a wad of chewing tobacco .
trevor spit tobacco juice on the ground .
trevor spit tobacco on the ground by brent 's polished and pristine lucchese boots .
a wood coffee table was centered between reclining chairs and a plush , oversized couch the color of tobacco .
her cousin dag taught her how to chew tobacco and spit .
keely breathed him in , sun - warmed cotton and honest sweat , coffee and red man tobacco , english leather cologne and the hint of her mother 's perfume .
theresa asked if she chewed tobacco .
tell spit tobacco juice into an empty beer can .
taz spit a stream of tobacco juice through the fence rails .
` ` because i used to chew tobacco .
` ` you can take the man out of wyoming ... but a little tobacco juice always remains . ''
he spit a stream of tobacco juice on the ground and squinted at her .
they 'd chew you up and spit you out like an old wad of tobacco .
the trace of tobacco and whiskey just made the kiss more intoxicating .
then her father spit a stream of tobacco juice that almost landed on carson 's boot tip .
carolyn never judged him - she 'd always claimed she 'd rather him smoke every once in a while than be a fulltime tobacco chewer .
at first , i thought it was secondhand from aidan , or even max , but inevitably , when he walked outside , he came back smelling like tobacco .
complete with bowlegs and shaggy beard and a wad of tobacco in his cheek .
one smelled of tobacco and breathed like a winded racehorse .
` ` as in tobacco .
there were heaps of old tobacco and cigar tins , stamps mounted in glass , old cameras of east german and russian design , a gorgeous cut - glass bowl in a deep emerald shade sitting side by side with a stack of water - stained old calendars .
the air carried a faint and not unpleasant smell of coffee and tobacco , and it looked like there was a coffee shop or something behind the darkened doors straight across the lobby .
the faint , pleasant aromas of tobacco and coffee greeted me .
he took his time unraveling the small burgundy packet of tobacco and tapping the corner of it on the edge of his pipe , filling its bowl .
i cross my arms over my chest as the first swirl of tobacco touches my nostrils .
burying my face in jesse 's bare chest , i inhale deeply , trying to rid myself of the acrid tobacco smoke that still somehow taints my subconscious .
when he sneers , i see that his teeth are stained yellowish brown by years of tobacco .
he leans in and i catch a whiff of stale tobacco and booze on his breath .
only in tiny flashes - the scent of tobacco smoke , or the pale lilac of my mother 's dress .
chairs and benches were set up under the trees , and women sat twirling colorful parasols and sipping peppermint water ; beside them bewhiskered gentlemen smoked , filling the air with the smell of tobacco mixed with cut grass and horses .
the captain puffed on his pipe : his clothes were covered in a fine layer of ash , and when he was not smoking his pipe he was chewing at the stem , or excavating the bowl with a sharp metal instrument , or tamping in new tobacco .
the captain gave tristran a leather shoulder - bag filled with dried meats and fruits and fragments of tobacco , a knife and a tinderbox ( ` ` oh , it 's no bother , lad .
after dashing in front of him in the road , begging for a ride , she 'd promptly deduced that farmer ted was a man of no words , communicating solely by strategic spitting of his tobacco chew .
the one without air - conditioning that reeked of taxidermy and levi garrett tobacco .
` ` since we ' ve been seeing each other , you ' ve threatened me , frightened me , and put me in a position where i was forced to walk out into the heat of noonday to hitchhike in a hell vehicle that reeked of tobacco .
able to vote , buy tobacco products and p**n .
` ` so after this , you want to go buy some chewing tobacco and a play girl ?
harrison nodded and reached into his pocket for a pouch of tobacco and rolling papers .
so it kinda smelled like him , like leather and tobacco and spice .
` ` talk , '' a deep voice demanded and i could smell tobacco , leather and spice .
i shook my head and then wondered briefly why lee smelled like tobacco , i had n't seen him smoke since he enlisted .
then , that someone walked into the bedroom , i heard something fall on the chair , then the whisper of movement of the sheets , then hands at my wrist , the smell of leather , spice and tobacco and when i was released from the headboard , i knew it was lee .
i could tell because i could smell faint traces of leather , spice and tobacco .
` ` alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau , '' hugo answered .
his breath roared in my ears , rotten tobacco mingling with the stench of human waste .
my therapist was an old man who smelled of pipe tobacco and wore thick , square glasses that i think were supposed to be hipster .
chapter 42 : ben reuben 's office had a distinct masculine feel to it , the air smelled of mint with hints of rum and tobacco .
i was infamous in the shade for my taste for tobacco .
her father smelled as he always did , a lovely combination of the obscure english cologne he imported and the pipe tobacco he loved so much .
he tasted like fresh tobacco and wildness , and as much as she wanted to stay hyper - aware about everything that was happening , it was n't long before she was swept up , too .
probably because the scent of tobacco was coming to remind her of him .
inside , the temperate air , which was kept at a precise seventy degrees , and a humidity of exactly sixty - nine percent , was perfumed with the tobacco from dozens and dozens of boxes of cigars .
as she took a deep breath , the air was tinged with tobacco smoke and benloise 's spicy cologne .
v exhaled again , the scent of turkish tobacco filling the air and reminding blay exactly how many hours , minutes , and seconds it had been since he 'd last lit up himself .
next stop after getting led down the grand staircase had been v 's escalade ; he knew by the tang of turkish tobacco and the sound of the engine .
a flicking sound was followed by a scratch , and a moment later , the scent of turkish tobacco did away with most , if not all , of the bleachy ferment of oh , so many lysol moppings .
a fresh influx of turkish tobacco hit wrath 's nose , suggesting the brother had just taken a deep drag .
` ` i did n't bring enough tobacco for this , '' v bitched .
i stared at the burning paper and tobacco nestled between my fingers .
` ` the tobacco farm , duh . ''
` ` my family grew tobacco and cotton , i 'll have you know . ''
the smell of expensive tobacco wafted across the room .
now that she was awake , she could smell a hint of the tobacco he smoked in his pipe .
his smile widened until it showed the tobacco stains on his teeth .
joe stuffed a wad of tobacco in his cheek and walked back to lean against the grille of his truck .
another stream of tobacco juice hit the ground as joe cut off her retreat .
his warm breath fanned her cheek , smelling like tobacco .
ray took a can of chew from his back pocket and put a pinch of tobacco between his teeth and gums .
and he wore , like most other men within sight , a parka with a pair of wranglers that were so tight his chewing tobacco stood out in marked relief .
the foreman took a pinch of tobacco , settled it between his cheek and gum and put his tin away before answering .
he had n't taken to chewing tobacco , knew he never would , but after the sunburns he 'd suffered on his face and neck , he was already on the hunt for a good hat .
a wad of tobacco filled one cheek .
he chewed on his tobacco .
shifting his tobacco to the other cheek , he shook his head .
` ` i 'll check with the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives to see if anyone in this area obtained one through legal means in the past year or so . ''
` ` i think there are three sorts of people from the south : the rednecks or cowboys or whatever , the plantation folk that wish slavery was still around to pick their cotton and tobacco and the migrants from the north that wanted a slower pace of life . ''
the one who green - lit the lobby and that new reality show about tobacco farmers . ''
richard leans close to me , the tobacco smell heavy on his breath .
at styx , you had to wade through clouds of smoke to get inside and then you reeked of tobacco until you could take a shower .
three of them break and the tobacco leaves a trail on the scarred and cracked wooden surface .
a flick and the scent of tobacco filters through my daze , and i angle my head to see the tip of a cigarette glowing in the dark as he gives it a hit .
just normal tobacco .
he lounges against the gurney and reaches for the can of chewing tobacco in his back pocket . ''
` ` i recognized the tobacco he uses .
but when i caught a trace of it again in the torture chamber , i knew it was the same tobacco .
his breath reeked of ancient tobacco , that morning 's scrambled eggs , and chest rot .
she smelled like tobacco and alcohol , as usual , and the faint odor of a man 's cologne lingered in her clothes .
he slammed the door and strode to the coachman leaning on the wall near the horse 's heads , chewing a plug of tobacco .
the man brought out a pouch of tobacco and stepped under the cabin 's eave to fill his pipe without rain dropping in it .
reeve stopped to tamp the tobacco into his pipe and relight it .
the tobacco hit her and she coughed .
the medicine woman had already packed it with tobacco .
the pungent tobacco scraped the inside of my throat .
` ` light the tobacco end , with brown stuff in it .
among the cars parked anyhow on the driveway and in the yard underneath the palm trees , a cluster of pickup trucks and the faint scents of tobacco and pot told me where the trash was .
the limestone fences , black tobacco barns , and green grass in winter were iconic kentucky , bluegrass region , and anybody reading between the lines could have figured out that hunter was my stable boy .
granted , her dreams had not worked out , either , but better to pursue them than to have stayed here when she was eighteen , and to have hung her dreams in a black barn alongside stalks of tobacco to cure and age and dry .
the scent of her grandfather 's pipe tobacco lingered in the air .
it smelled faintly of tobacco .
he did n't smell of tobacco or drugs or alcohol .
her blood was clean , though heavily flavored with tobacco and alcohol .
the last time someone sneaked me a pack here in new york city , it cost him nine dollars , and i only got to smoke one before my wife caught me , started crying , and flushed about eight dollars and fifty - five cents ' worth of tobacco down the toilet .
i pulled a white , filtered tube of tobacco out of its wrinkled cellophane container .
i smelled smoke -- both tobacco and other , beers that were being concealed in water bottles , and one diaper that really needed to be changed .
i smelled nothing but the scent of warm pipe tobacco , chimney smoke , chocolate , and hamilton .
not icky cigarette smoke , but like warm pipe tobacco and chimney smoke all rolled into one .
he smelled amazing , again that mix of sun , chocolate , pipe tobacco , and pure unadulterated hamilton .
pipe tobacco , chocolate and hamilton .
sun , chocolate , vanilla , pipe tobacco , chimney smoke , and that pure hamilton that underlined it all .
` ` you know she 'll kill you if she catches pipe tobacco on your clothes , '' i warned , knowing my mom 's thoughts on my father 's smoking .
it was a little shop nestled between a bakery and a tobacco store .
dammit , cherry tobacco .
she did like pipe tobacco , though , which was one reason the cherry aroma bugged the shit out of her .
but there it was again , cherry tobacco , stronger now that she was outside .
at the same , she caught a whiff of cherry tobacco .
she smelled his cherry tobacco again .
but he kissed her again , and because he smelled delicious , like her favorite pipe tobacco , her muscles grew lax and she let him put his tongue in her mouth .
a deep resonant growl left his throat as a wave of cherry tobacco hit her hard .
the scent of cherry tobacco sifted through the screen mesh .
the soap had a slight floral scent , but the shower had filled with that fragrant cherry tobacco scent of his , which had begun working like a couple of quick perfect fingers between her legs .
` ` cherry tobacco , '' she whispered .
she was smelling cherry tobacco , which made her very happy , but there was something else and then she groaned .
besides , all she could smell was thorne 's tobacco scent now , and since he seemed to be enjoying nursing on her thumb that scent only sharpened , flooding the cool night air .
he sighed , and the air once more grew spicy with his male tobacco scent as he leaned back on the chaise once more .
cherry tobacco had a sweet scent , something she had always enjoyed smelling , and now here it was combined with thorne .
the resulting wall of cherry tobacco that slammed into her put her flat on her ass .
more cherry tobacco , but he looked away , staring up at the ceiling and taking deep breaths .
his breath rose high in his chest , and that sweet cherry tobacco scent now clouded her senses and forced her mouth open to take in his nipple .
if she 'd been standing , his cherry tobacco scent would have knocked her flat .
she saw the raw need in his eyes , and his powerful tobacco scent powered over her .
his scent , so very male and infused with just a hint of that sweet cherry tobacco bouquet , had the same usual effect .
he must have liked it as well , because a roll of cherry tobacco almost pushed her backward .
but as she looked at the two smoking pieces of stinking plastic , another smell rolled in her direction , a very strong , strange , but quite pleasant smell of cherry tobacco .
what did she care for a tobacco smell , or the plastic , or endelle or fiona or the red variety of obsidian flame , or gold , or this f**king war ?
that strange tobacco scent seemed to be getting stronger .
a drift of tobacco swirled to the ceiling .
as he sucked on it to catch the paper and tobacco on fire , his eyes never left mine .
he eyed me boldly , then let a stream of brown tobacco juice fly from his mouth onto the hard - packed dirt and grass of his yard .
like men who chew tobacco . ''
she closed her eyes and breathed in his scent of tobacco and cologne .
damien 's space smelled like soap , leather , liqueur , and tobacco .
she 'd never seen him smoking , but the rich tobacco scent seemed right on him , and she wanted to bury her nose in the cotton of his shirt , absorb him into her .
an older man asked her as he watered down the sidewalk in front of his tobacco shop .
he looked to be in his late twenties , and when he pulled back his coat to reach for his tobacco , felix saw a gold pocket watch that gave off a gleam even from five feet away .
boston debated lecturing him on the effects of tobacco , then realized he was too tired to be properly firm .
i do n't know about tractors , or crops , or why farmers always seem to have a plug of tobacco stuck in their cheek , but i know shopping . ''
his face came close to hers , his hot tobacco breath blasting her cheek .
the scent of expensive tobacco swelled upward .
the scent of expensive tobacco almost managed to override the cloying cologne of the woman at the next table .
` ` around the time i was fourteen i showed up early for my lesson and found her prepping her stash of tobacco .
except it was n't tobacco .
she was dressed , as always , in one of her conservative suits , this one the color of tobacco with a cream - colored blouse underneath .
she 'd dressed in an effort to look sexy but not desperate , finally opting for a swingy circular skirt the color of tobacco and a clingy off - the - shoulder top in cream .
behind the jars of finely ground tobacco were twists of leaf tobacco for smoking .
behind the jars of finely ground tobacco were twists of leaf tobacco for smoking .
artemis wrinkled her nose - she 'd never particularly cared for the aroma of tobacco smoke .
` ` who are you buying the tobacco for , then ? ''
` ` did you know that even the unscented tobacco has different , distinct odors ? ''
although she could see a slight variation in the color of the tobacco powder in the rows of open jars , they all looked virtually the same to her .
not , '' alderney hastened to add at maximus 's growing scowl , ` ` that i was n't friendly or anything , but he was the sort who actually read things in latin , and i was more interested in sweets and smuggling tobacco into the house . ''
full of scandal sheets , women of low repute , and tobacco . ''
the waistcoat was the loveliest shade of tobacco , elegantly embroidered along the edges and pocket flaps in apple green , silver , light blue , and pink .
he wore the new suit with the tobacco waistcoat , and she was struck anew at how handsome he looked in it .
` ` we got nearly all the tobacco . ''
he 'd sent the rest of his crew to store the barrels of tobacco and sugar .
got a load o ' tobacco and sugar and the only cost was the lives o ' three o ' me men . ''
she could smell the fragrant scent of tobacco smoke now .
kane could smell the pipe tobacco , whitney 's special blend .
the scent of the tobacco made him sick .
a red glow and the aroma of pipe tobacco drifting up the stairs indicated his state of mind .
she was n't sure but she thought she smelled tobacco on his breath .
he stood close enough for her to smell stale tobacco and something else she could n't identify .
the chamber smelled a bit like tobacco , along with lemon or bergamot and something clean and spicy - possibly from his soap or hair pomade , although she could n't be certain if corvindale even used pomade .
she looked away and instead allowed herself to be brought into a luxuriously decorated residence that smelled faintly of floral and tobacco .
she scented food along with the heavy weight of wine , tobacco and smoke , and realized he must have eaten belowstairs .
the jerk spat a wad of tobacco on the ground .
he spit out his tobacco and nodded his head .
the smell of him , tobacco and flowers , feels so good and familiar that it does n't make sense that she only met wolfgang three days ago ( except that it does ) .
he lit the end and puffed until the paper and tobacco glowed orange .
the familiar smell of my dad 's tobacco hit me as soon as i entered .
that at least was something justin could get on board with , and he took some pleasure out of watching his fellow countrymen 's shock at smoking real tobacco .
` ` you know , '' she explained , babbling , ` ` tobacco plantations ?
it drew him ; brianna turned and smiled at him , and without consciousness of having moved , he found himself near enough to see the faint freckles high on her cheekbones , and smell the whiff of pipe tobacco that lingered in her hair from her expeditions to the shops .
he did not smoke himself , but had chosen to drink port this evening , claiming that to be the only drink whose taste would be unaffected by the stink of tobacco .
he leaned closer , whispering in my ear with a gust of stale tobacco fumes .
` ` some of the customs inspectors have dogs , milady , trained to smell out such contraband as tobacco and brandy . ''
he turned around , his heart pounding like a drum , and found six children , roosting in the branches of a big green tree , all grinning down at him with tobacco - stained teeth .
under the pretext of finding material to repair the damaged sugar press , jamie had managed to see most of the plantation within a quarter - mile of the house , including a cluster of slave huts , the stables , a disused drying shed for tobacco , and the building that housed the sugar refinery .
a backwoodsman shifted his tobacco and spat into the water in disagreement .
he strode off , forceful as a plug of black tobacco , to apply the spurs to a delinquent second lieutenant , leaving william feeling somewhat better .
he smelled tobacco , and froze .
one of them , the one with the gun , was smoking a pipe ; it was her tobacco he 'd smelled .
heavy smoker ; she could smell the fug of tobacco that clung to his clothes .
they were seated next to the window in the whinbush , a middling tavern that catered to the needs of fishermen and warehouse laborers , and whose atmosphere was composed of equal parts beer , sweat , tobacco , tar , and aged fish guts .
one of the creatures at this point gave a wild braying laugh from its pen , causing captain richardson to drop his tobacco pouch .
` ` nervous ; he was sweating and his voice shook - the private who stopped him thought he had tobacco or something else concealed , and made him turn out his pockets , but he had n't any contraband . ''
the smell of the brandy rose sweet and heavy in the air , competing with the tar , turpentine , tobacco , and the salt - soaked old timbers of the ship .
sitting down on a keg of tar , i leaned back against a big hogshead of tobacco , yawning and wondering idly why it was called that .
jamie laughed - no more than a breath , but definitely laughter - and , scoring the neck of the bottle with the point of his dirk , knocked it neatly off against the rim of a tobacco hogshead .
he did find two items shed from its saddle : a small waxed packet containing tobacco , and a frying pan .
` ` tobacco ? ''
coming out with the waxed parcel of tobacco , he threw it as hard as he could at the foremost indian , who had started toward him , and ran .
they asked for tobacco , and i - gave it to them .
he lifted a lip in ingratiation , showing a broken dogtooth , stained with tobacco .
then i was lying on my back in long grass and wild tobacco , jamie solidly inside me , and the hand was over my mouth - a good thing , i realized dimly , as there were voices coming toward us along the alley on the other side of the garden wall .
salt pork and flour were running out , and the sutlers lacked tobacco and brandy , to the disgruntlement of the german troops .
from the corner of my eye , i saw one reach into his pocket and hand the other a twist of tobacco , wave off the other 's thanks , then turn away .
maybe it was memory as much as imagination ; she knew what the air was like in an ordinary , full of the scents of hearthfire , roasting meat , and tobacco , with a mellow smell of beer beneath it all .
he could smell her hair , a faint scent of soap mingled with the sweetness of tobacco smoke .
smoke curled upward through the trees , lazy against an evening sky , pungent as tobacco , and i was walking underneath , smoking a cigarette with frank ...
a white woman , but one clothed in a stained wrapper and felt slippers , with wary eyes and a sourly downturned mouth whose corners showed the stains of tobacco chewing .
three men were lounging by the far wall , sitting on the few remaining casks of salt fish and smoking their pipes ; the smell of tobacco reached him , a small comfort in the echoing cold fishiness of the building .
tools , hides , live animals , feed corn , tobacco , and hogsheads of everything from salt fish to molasses were to be found in the outbuildings , while comestibles and dry goods were in the main building .
he went into the main building and bought some tobacco .
i realized that i knew he used tobacco ; i 'd smelled the sour ash of it on his breath .
he passed within a yard of me as he went toward the door , his paper twist of tobacco and his bag of nails in one hand , a stick of barley sugar in the other .
he shrugs , turning to stand shoulder to shoulder with me as he casually surveys the street , picking out a stray piece of tobacco from his mouth and flicking it to the ground .
even the tobacco he favored suited him .
it smells just like it always has , like a mixture of something sweet baking , coffee and malcolm 's pipe tobacco .
his yellowed teeth are a dead giveaway of his lifetime love of tobacco .
he 's one of the only people i ' ve ever met that chews tobacco between cigarettes .
as it moved closer , she could just make out the faint scent of tobacco .
i could smell the faint hint of tobacco on him , see the rain splashes on his uniform .
and everywhere the pervasive smell of turpentine , mixed with oil paint , echoes of tobacco and the vinegary whisper of old wine ; dark green bottles stood in every corner , some stuffed with candles , others clearly the detritus of some celebration .
he carried the scents of tobacco , aniseed , and something male that left me a little short of breath .
he said nothing , but walked back to the table , gathered up his tobacco , and we filed through the crowd and along the teeming streets to his studio .
his mouth met mine , and i inhaled his breath , its traces of tobacco , of wine , the warm , wet taste of him .
i smelt soap and tobacco , felt his trousers brush against my skirt .
he patted his pockets , coming up only with his tobacco pouch .
with a chaw of tobacco in his mouth , granddad would be sprawled out in a rocker , watching nana 's every move with lazy , hooded eyes , which were drifting between being alert or slipping into a nap .
he speaks with a charming scottish accent and smells of liquor and sweet tobacco .
` ` he smelled of sweet tobacco and liquor .
randy leaned over the small boat and spit a wad of tobacco .
not content to let it go at that , she added the insight that sugar had been responsible for more slavery in the worlds history than tobacco and cotton combined .
the man spit a mouthful of ripe chewing tobacco .
we are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars , and i m not even including the tobacco companies , who are out of the game now .
rich aromatic tobacco fumes filled her nostrils , and she could only moan : help me , mister , please help me .
the tobacco companies were out of the game at this point , thanks to political and cultural correctness .
agents from alcohol , tobacco , and firearms would be on hand to assist .
strangleholds market was , for now at least , glutted with intoxicants and narcotics of every description : in one aisle alone , hesperus was offered everything from bales of tobacco and jameson weed to exotic concoctions of za blossom extract , fermented groal milk and ten - year wiseberries .
maxims office was spacious and finely furnished a dark burgundy ; and though she could have sworn she had told her aide to have the room cleaned thoroughly , she could still smell the conspicuous scent of tobacco .
chapter nine the un - men arrive corporations had to develop alternatives for those addicted to nicotine since tobacco plants were nearly wiped out the first few months after the dry clouds appeared .
the synthetic tobacco proved to be as addictive , and the secondhand smoke from nicphake caused blindness in some infants .
warner propped his feet on the table and started rolling a cigarette with synthetic tobacco .
fresh tobacco !
the lady at the marketplace said the tobacco just arrived from garden point .
the tobacco is from cloud nine , accordin to the guy that sold it to me .
i doubt they grow tobacco on cloud nine , jude said .
the book i ve been reading talks about all the skyports in nimbus , and it does nt mention anything about tobacco growers on cloud nine .
the tobacco is good either way .
one half was generally referred to as the jungle , where lush green foliage , trees and flowers provided the oxygen and much of the fruit , not to mention tobacco for home consumption and black market trading with moon .
meanwhile , joe had managed to climb onto his chair , and there he sat , perched on the edge of his seat like a rapt spectator at a theatre , chewing tobacco .
upstairs , something was burning ; he could smell it : a pile of tobacco leaves , it seemed like .
haining , naturally , would have the money and the pull to get an license for tobacco .
in between the time that deckard had first visited the cosmic club and now , a law had been passed making tobacco a prescription - only drug .
click here to view more about beretta chapter nine the un - men arrive corporations had to develop alternatives for those addicted to nicotine since tobacco plants were nearly wiped out the first few months after the dry clouds appeared .
a pleasant smell of cherry tobacco spread all over the room .
the guys grow this tobacco in an incubator specially for me , he explained , pointing to the trophy pipe .
like birds in a nest , they were puffing away at aromatic tobacco pipes .
it reminded him of the upscale neighborhoods of dr . horvaths university associates people who sat around in semi - casual attire drinking alcoholic beverages , smoking tobacco or other drugs , and espousing the glories of leftist philosophy .
the guy in the tweed jacket who would hold forth eruditely while puffing on his tobacco pipe .
eli squinted , trying to see the man in the shadows a little clearer , but he only got the impression of unshaven jowls and the musty odor of cheap wine and tobacco smoke .
someone , reeking of human sweat and tobacco , was moving nearby .
he inhaled deeply , turned up the radio and opened the cars windows to clear out the tobacco smoke .
they were smoking homemade cigarettes which seemed like a mixture of tobacco and sage of some type .
minos had got a load of tobacco off a boat , and we were selling it for a heavy price that would bring a weighty profit .
they met roach , minos , casino and i in an abandoned multi - storey car park , tooled up and high , loaded the tobacco into their van and then beat us all up and stole everything we had , including our stolen van .
that is to say he blew it up and the mcbrides fled the burning van just in time to watch the tobacco smoke itself from a safe distance .
minos said , his pockets full of loose tobacco and screwed up papers as usual .
there were old vegetable stores , a shop called bananatown , tobacco stores , clothing , cleaners , and book stores that had all closed more than thirty years ago .
with an exclamation of success he pulled out a long black pipe and tobacco pouch .
the algrin said snootily as i took a moment to spit blood out of my mouth like tobacco .
` ` is that really tobacco ? ''
he sat back down on the couch and reached into the bag of tobacco .
the first group of leaves smith added to his bowl was fairly small - almost a pinch of tobacco between his thumb and forefinger .
was i getting a contact high from smith 's tobacco ?
` ` in the last two days i ' ve seen more tobacco smoked than in my entire life before this , '' i said to smith .
` ` your detective friend no doubt has different taste in tobacco than me , '' he said as he puffed out a few smoke rings .
after a few seconds her bottom lip curled up and she spat a pulp of tobacco and paper onto the floor .
he packed down the tobacco .
the boy had opened his eyes ; surely , the only way to overcome hunger was to send food , or just to stop using so much of the world 's land to grow non - essentials like tea , coffee , and tobacco for the west .
he stuck a plug of chewing tobacco into his mouth and mashed it together twice with his teeth , and then pushed the lump into his jaw with his tongue .
someone smelled of tobacco , and the cloying corruption of rot lay under it all , the new base aroma of the planet .
the tang of tobacco smoke overwhelmed the stench of bodies and distant fires .
it were his ad - verse attitude , do nt you know , explained slim , as he fished a disgusting old leather pouch from a pocket , and fumbled a big gob of tobacco from it and into his grinning mouth .
it was not unlike the one that held his tobacco in terms of general appearance , but this one was covered with burnt - in markings .
the two laughed , and the soldier reached into a small pouch at his side and stuffed part of his mouth with moist tobacco chew .
i am given food , a home , horses , guns , drink and tobacco , other slaves that i can be master of , women that i can do whatever i want with , even time to myself that i can use to think and enjoy various pursuits ... and the same applies to all of you .
there was one horse for every ugly and the diesel truck was filled with guns , bullets , food , water , alcohol , and tobacco .
he had been a spokesperson for a variety of tobacco companies during his previous ten years and had the biggest role in overturning its prohibition in the years before , provoked by cigarette companies which used catalytic carcinogens on a genuine mistake .
hey , if you ca nt play broadway , there s always the tobacco shop , beth said as she watched a young tan skinned woman adjusting her heal .
you create new definitions , generate more knowledge and laws about spousal abuse , child abuse , alcohol and drug consumption while parenting , tobacco use and nutrition as well as reductions in sexism , racism , able - ism , age - ism , homophobia / heterosexism and may other oppressions that permeate each part of the usa and other western cultures as you are growing up .
rider pulled the small tobacco pouch out of his right boot and rolled another cigarette .
the assassin stuffed the tobacco roll back into his right boot and slid his high - tech shades into the inside of his leather duster .
all i want is some peace and quiet and a little nip of tobacco .
the wendigo spit a stream of tobacco spit out into the weeds .
the jackal by gavin roach part ii the acrid odour of tobacco and harsh laughter greeted manfred thornville as he stepped into the risen anchor tavern .
the problem with this was that the babies were being sold along with the tobacco , the opium , the cocaine and the sex .
he pulled two pipes from the box and a small pouch of tobacco from his coat .
as the waning traces of tobacco burned up in jeffs pipe , he turned to the captain , if you ll excuse me , captain , would you direct me to the to the what ?
as the last traces of tobacco burned in their pipes , the captain said , now i must take my leave of you , mr . greene and prepare to set sail for the raid .
as the remnants of tobacco burned up in their pipes , the captain said , well mr . greene , i know robinson is waiting for your assistance in organizing the cargo hold , so you should take your leave of me now .
a skinny job with lots of filter and not much tobacco .
but he had never paid much attention to the way his place smelled , and just now , perched on a stool at the bar , he felt like he might drown in the reek of tobacco and hot grease .
tapestry lapped at the cool water , grateful , despite the hint of tobacco that lingered in the glass .
he d spent the last two days of june instructing the omnimaker in the garage to print out such oddities as glasses , a mail box for in front of the house , several odd and uncomfortable items of clothing , a jell - o mold , and the tobacco pipe , for which he d developed a growing fondness .
ted pulled out his tobacco pouch and tamped a portion into his pipe .
a holoimage sprang up , scrolling paragraphs of data ; identifying tobacco smoke , particulate levels , carcinogen content , and so on .
this was another kind of smoke , stronger than burning tobacco .
the tobacco had grown stale slowly , and jerry had never really noticed any difference .
the tobacco was a mixed lot , five different brands and each box had numerous cartons of the various offerings the company sold .
he eased his pouch from his jacket pocket , snagged a paper , shook the tobacco out and rolled a cigarette with one hand .
he grinned , showing tobacco stained teeth , and glanced between her and susie .
its a mild stimulant similar to tobacco .
curry , his eldest , let loose a tobacco stream at a grasshopper frantically trying to escape the seared stubble .
the master chief spat tobacco ( tobacco ! )
the master chief spat tobacco ( tobacco ! )
how he still found a decent supply of tobacco , curtis had no idea .
and do nt chew tobacco either .
god that tobacco smell was terrible !
` ` get me that pipe and tobacco you bought at the wawa .
bates handed latanna the pipe and tobacco , which he had just gotten from barns .
but goyahkla reached over and casually pulled the plastic off the pipe and off the tobacco package , without opening the wrapping , leaving steve holding just the pipe and tobacco !
but goyahkla reached over and casually pulled the plastic off the pipe and off the tobacco package , without opening the wrapping , leaving steve holding just the pipe and tobacco !
he moved the pipe and tobacco right through the plastic !
* * * * * sergeant mikey chased his coffee with a huge lump of chewing tobacco and looked over the remote control unit for the drone .
the captain left the science deck at a reasonably dignified trot , puffs of tobacco smoke being blown out of his pipe as though he were a steam - locomotive under load .
she could smell the tobacco in his breath .
the tobacco industry and the liquor industry are very big here .
the elected clowns have made laws whereby the working population has to provide everybody else who is poor and out of work with an apartment , a washing machine , a dryer , a television , a telephone , furniture , clothes ( new clothes ) , electricity , heating , food , transport , free health care andbelieve me , jeremyalcohol and tobacco .
maripoca county sheriffs are working with the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives on the case .
he stood there , smiling at me , with a big , old , fat cheek full of that nasty - ass tobacco he used to chew on .
when dorina got out of the car , she noticed tall letters of a tobacco company ad painted on the outside of the building .
spitting a bit of tobacco down at the entrance to their large , dimly lit cave .
her eyes were tobacco brown , wide and light , catching the sun inside them .
charles could see other soldiers playing cards and trading food and tobacco as they walked past more tents in the encampment .
the smell of incense , tobacco , and the sounds of cheers and ringing steel flowed from the open archway that led into armands house of chance .
> > > > > < < < < < the air of the shadowy tavern was alive with music , dancing firelight , tobacco smoke , laughter , and the smell of cooking meat .
he began rummaging through his cloak and producing a short wooden pipe and a pouch of fragrant tobacco cured in vanilla and madera wine .
a sour breath rich with vomit and tobacco .
a display of chewing tobacco has been knocked over and cans of skoal and packets of red man litter the floor .
his jaw works the tobacco in his lower lip and he looks like he is in need of a spit .
he was chewing tobacco as he spoke , the smell making ben feel slightly nauseous .
slater said loudly , spitting tobacco juice on ben as he did so .
slater spat out some tobacco juice and nodded .
smoking for some reason something to do with a health service was illegal on seatus , tobacco could not easily be obtained .
ignore him he s harmless really ... the high marshal waved , packing tobacco into his pipe .
after the elevator ride , she found a glass partitioned office with tobacco brown carpeted floors .
the staircase smelled of stale tobacco smoke and old urine .
the doctor leaned forward , so close to my face that i could smell tobacco on her breath .
he rolled his eyes , took out a pipe from his pocket and stuffed it full of tobacco , then lit it and began puffing .
finally he took the pipe out and tapped it in the ashtray to get out the used tobacco , and looked at me squarely .
he s weak like you , abraham , glenn spat with a stream of chewing tobacco dripping out of his mouth .
mantis sat down , and produced a pipe and package of pipe tobacco .
the last serviceable one that might hold even the smallest amount of tobacco .
the satin of the drapery and upholstery radiated the smell of tobacco and the carpet was ruffled and folded over .
he tucked the cell away , removed the smoking tray from the counter and doused the smoldering tobacco with water from the tap .
i see you have cut down on tobacco .
no , sir , not usually , the clerk replied with that kind of nervousness about him that he should self - medicate with more caffeine and tobacco rather than less of it .
after a puff of tobacco , he added , i hope you were not thinking it was just perchance that my number one son was on the scene when they needed him most .
its been so long since i ve had traditional tobacco that i m not familiar with the flavor .
in truth , he had never had any packaged tobacco from centuries past , but that seemed a bit beyond the realm of an insouciant explanation .
i raise the open case to my face and breathe deeply , expecting to smell stale tobacco , but sense dust and damp earth instead .
e base very hitech escape equipment exchanged for tobacco !
priceless alien equipment for a few bags of tobacco which may eventually give the users lung cancer ?
he was reassured by alaric that the dwarves could get tobacco once they reached ebase .
alaric stated that tobacco was regarded as a noxious weed on e base .
there was the paunch - bellied boatswain , dennel mcmurtry , graying beneath his black top - hat , with two gold teeth and tobacco stains over the rest ; half - blind rigger thorley colburn , a patch - eyed hulk of a man with a hook nose and silver rings through his ears , his clear blue eye shining through a curtain of blond hair ; eliza kinally , a redhead with wide hips and sharp green eyes , stout and plain ; and little neale glynton , the dark - haired cabin boy of no more than twelve , bug - eyed and scrawny as a starved cat .
i knew it was dennel mcmurtry by the sweet tobacco stench of his breath .
papa reeled off a gaggle of celtic names , talking fast , like an american tobacco auctioneer .
he took out a bag of tobacco and started to pack his pipe .
professor digby puffed on his pipe , bringing the tobacco to life .
nathaniel held up the offending tube of ersatz tobacco .
then he took out his matches , lit and got the tobacco glowing merrily before he spoke .
from the bark - lined roof twenty feet above them dozens of bundles of corn - cobs , tobacco leaves , and dozens of baskets and bags were hung , most containing drying foods that would feed the household through the coming long winter .
instead of drying food and tobacco , hundreds of colorful art objects hung from the rafters : belts and long - bows and dyed animal skins , baskets and shirts , axes , spears , and wood carvings .
dead , but they always were , and there was never the smell of tobacco in the office .
it was not the husky , organic scent of tobacco .
goods from all over traveled with them - fabrics , liquor , tobacco , scrap metal , weapons , candles , oil , tea , coffee , spices , grains , canned goods .
it 's not tobacco , is it ? ''
he fished out , from among the tobacco butts , a roach .
he dropped into a chair , crossed his legs , and got a tobacco cigarette from his jacket pocket .
the man held a pipe in the right hand and tamped down tobacco with the prehensile big toe of his left foot .
` ` the men of the asteroids ca n't supply tobacco regularly , so this is becoming a rare treat for me . ''
dr . henree tamped tobacco into his pipe with a little finger , and smoked quietly as he listened to lucky 's accounts of his adventures with the pirates .
he had lit up a fresh pipeful of tobacco and was puffing strongly .
' i notice you 're smoking earth - grown tobacco . '
i would n't use outer world tobacco for anything but killing mosquitoes . '
to keilin , the little byplay over rye and tobacco brought a certain satisfaction .
strange , then , that they are not afraid to eat our food and drink our wine and smoke our tobacco .
he paused to examine the contents of his tobacco pouch and make a mental calculation .
the commissioner , like most non - indulgers , was petty about tobacco smoke .
he inverted the pipe itself over the desk 's small ash vacuum and let the powdery white tobacco ash vanish .
three pipefuls in one day was a ridiculous extravagance , but he was riding a rolling torrent of recklessness and needed the release of tobacco .
he kept his voice painfully steady as he reached for his pipe and for the little bag that held his precious crumbs of tobacco .
the plain - clothes man drew in his first calming puff of tobacco smoke and felt his grip upon his own emotions grow firmer .
embarrassingly enough , the intense experience he had passed through left him with a keen desire for a pipe of tobacco something he thought he had done away with altogether better than a year before .
he could feel the taste and odor of the tobacco smoke making its way through his throat and nose .
there was no tobacco on any of the spacer worlds and , if he had had any on him to begin with , it would have been removed and destroyed .
said kodell , taking out his pipe and slowly beginning to pack it with tobacco .
the villagers were all outside in the afternoon light , the women cleaning mushrooms and berries picked during the day , or cooking grubs and turtles on crackling fires ; children tottered around , bothering the men who sat before their houses and smoked tobacco while the women worked .
their arrival provoked great interest ; the children giggled and pointed ; the men wanted tobacco from munro and elliot ; the women touched ross 's blonde hair , and argued about it .
i found it in another box and plopped it down in the center of my summoning circle , i added a cup of whiskey and a freshly opened tin of prince albert 's chewing tobacco to the circle , the required down payment to convince ulsharavas to show up .
it was the last of my whiskey and the last of the tins of tobacco , so i added get more scotch and prince albert in a can to my to - do list , and stuck it in my pocket .
that done , she thrust a tiny fist into the tobacco and stuffed a wad of it into her mouth .
the doll spat to one side , flecks of tobacco landing on the floor .
ulsharavas scooped up more tobacco and started chomping .
ulsharavas took one last fistful of tobacco , and sat back down in her original position , settling her calico dress primly about her .
whiskey and tobacco ? ''
he removed a pipe from his pocket , along with a small tin of prince albert tobacco .
he tamped tobacco into his pipe and smiled .
he lit a cigarette , his first of the day , tasted the loose genuine tobacco , purled , and felt much better ; one chemical checked the overproduction of another , and now he seated himself at the table as tibor , smiling cheerfully still , drank the heated - over coffee without complaint .
and he now no longer saw or heard ; again he surveyed his living room , his familiar microtapes and projector , his tape - spools , and littered plastic desk ; he saw lurine smoking her pipe , he smelled the cavendish tobacco ... his head felt swollen and he got up unsteadily , knowing that only an instant in real time had passed , and for lurine nothing had occurred .
his business was fine liquors -- especially wines -- and tobaccos , everything for the serious smoker including little nickel - plated devices for cleaning pipes and tamping the tobacco down .
his business was fine liquors -- especially wines -- and tobaccos , everything for the serious smoker including little nickel - plated devices for cleaning pipes and tamping the tobacco down .
but all he had in his vw truck were pipes and cans of tobacco and bottles of california wine from small vintners ; he had no medical supplies and no know - how .
the old is all over ; wo n't tobacco and wines be very valuable now ?
smiling in amusement , mrs . taliman said , ` ` we do n't have any tobacco , mr . barnes , because of course no one does .
but we do have a tobacco expert .
he still had not met the famous tobacco expert , of whom he had heard even before coming to west marin .
in a split second he grasped the fact -- without having any data to go on -- that bonny keller had been having an affair with someone , possibly gill the tobacco man or even this mr . tree or orion stroud ; in any case the affair was over or leastwise nearly over and she was searching for another to replace it .
hardy said , ` ` andrew gill , the tobacco expert . ''
his main source of income came from andy gill , who always advertised his tobacco and liquor , and from fred quinn , the pharmacist , and of course he had several classifleds .
famous tobacco expert , andrew gill , visited by unknown city person , probably having to do with a merger of gill 's tobacco and liquor business and some huge city syndicate as yet unknown .
famous tobacco expert , andrew gill , visited by unknown city person , probably having to do with a merger of gill 's tobacco and liquor business and some huge city syndicate as yet unknown .
foreign influences felt in local tobacco business ...
sure enough , there he was , heading in the direction of andrew gill 's tobacco and liquor factory .
grinning tolerantly , stuart said , ` ` first impress me by intraducing me to the tobacco man . ''
he set down his tobacco paper and rose to his feet .
he employed , in all , eight men , and this was in the tobacco division alone .
among the workmen stuart mcconchie crouched by a barrel of gill 's fine ersatz tobacco , inspecting it .
when jason taverner went to get his clothes he found ruth rae seated in the semi - darkness of the bedroom on the rumpled , still - warm bed , fully dressed and smoking her customary tobacco cigarette .
that 's why i do tobacco , now , after that .
she paused , puffing on her tobacco cigarette .
after dinner , the gunslinger offered his tobacco .
` ` do n't go getting your tobacco dandruff in my bed , '' she told him , more sharply than she had intended .
the gunslinger opened his tobacco poke and pawed through it , pushing the dry strands of leaf aside until he came to a minuscule object wrapped in a fragment of white paper .
the gunslinger had been leaning against the handle , a cigarette from his dwindling supply of tobacco clamped in his mouth .
he felt for his tobacco , but there was none .
` ` tobacco , gunslinger .
there was fine crumbled tobacco inside , and green leaves to wrap it in , amazingly moist .
he had not seen such tobacco for ten years .
it was smoked in a mixture with ordinary virginia burley tobacco , and got a terrific price in the united states .
` ` thank you , sir , '' his grandfather stood ruminating , his kool burning with unnatural rapidity ( the tobacco was dry , and although he puffed seldom , the greedy hilltop wind smoked the cigarette ceaselessly ) , and banning thought the old man had said everything he had to say .
put an end to the business ; and that call was always as expected and yet as surprising as the noon blob that had , by three or so , become a black boy - shape running in the street beside him - and that boy stapled to his heels had actually become a man by five or so , albeit an extraordinarily skinny one ; velvet evenings of television , the occasional rattle of pages as his father read one book after another ( he never tired of them ; words , words , words , and his dad never tired of them , and clive had meant once to ask him how that could be but lost his nerve ) , his mother getting up once in a while and going into the kitchen , followed only by his sister 's worried eyes and his own curious ones ; the soft clink as mom replenished the glass which was never empty after eleven in the morning or so ( and their father never looking up from his book , although banning had an idea he heard it all and knew it all , although patty had called him a stupid liar and had given him a peter - pinch that hurt all day long the one time he had dared to tell her that ) ; the sound of mosquitoes whining against the screens , always so much louder , it seemed , when the sun had gone down ; the surprise of the bedtime decree , argument lost before it was begun ; his father 's brusque kiss , smelling of tobacco , his mother 's softer , both sugary and sour with the smell of wine ; the sound of his sister telling mom she ought to go to bed after dad had gone down to the corner tavern to drink a couple of beers and watch the wrestling matches on the television over the bar ; his mom telling patty to mind her own damned business and leave her alone , a conversational pattern that was upsetting in its content but somehow soothing in its predictability ; fireflies gleaming in the dark ; a car horn , distant , as he drifted down into sleep , and then would come the next day that seemed like that day but was n't .
` ` hell , my bank account is thinner than a tobacco lobbyist 's moral justification .
and even when a federal court overturned the epa on the issue of secondhand smoke in 1998 , saying that the epa had violated its own rules of evidence and banned a substance they had failed to prove caused any harm at allthe federal judge was from a tobacco state , obviouslyeven then , california did not budge .
he was grinning almost too hard to kindle his tobacco .
roland glanced at him , then reached into his pocket and brought out his tobacco pouch .
jake thought the tobacco was hot , harsh , and stale , but he said no word of complaint .
good smells wafted out , reminding jake ( as they had reminded eddie ) of took 's on the calla high street : coffee and peppermint candy , tobacco and salami , olive oil , the salty tang of brine , sugar and spice and most things nice .
he wished he had tobacco , but of course there was none .
while he did so , he carefully filled his pipe with tobacco , lit it , and tamped it down .
he sucked on it for a moment , then lit it again , removed it from his mouth , and plucked a bit of tobacco from his tongue .
a cloud of blue tobacco smoke hung over the scene .
she opened roland 's purse , and the faint , nostalgic aroma of tobacco long hoarded but now long gone drifted out .
the craving of tobacco , wines or spirits is a human weakness , and as such is forbidden to the clerical staff .
` ` i believe your tobacco causes miss lawson some distress , edward . ''
i smoke matches , not tobacco .
he spat a stream of tobacco to one side , never taking his chilly gray eyes from the hardcases mounted twenty feet in front of him .
for just a moment he thought that this was what the first boarders of the mary celeste must have felt like , coming upon a totally abandoned ship where all the sail was neatly laid on , where the captain 's table had been set for dinner , where all ropes were neatly coiled and some sailor 's pipe was still smouldering away the last of its tobacco on the foredeck ... brian shook these paralyzing thoughts off with a tremendous effort and went to the door between the service area and the cockpit .
` ` three - six - nine , the goose drank wine the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line the line broke the monkey got choked and they all went to heaven in a little rowboat ... '' c children 's rhyme ray garraty cinched the concentrate belt tightly around his waist and firmly told himself he would eat absolutely nothing until nine - thirty at least .
seated in the cabin of the truck , anderton got out his pipe and shook tobacco into it .
with lisa 's lighter he ignited the tobacco and began operations .
he was in a little house that smelled of pipe tobacco , he was in a living room with framed photos of animals - pretty special ones , according to the captions - on the walls , a living room where only the huge , shapeless chair in front of the tv looked really used , and he had just tied his bandanna around his leg where he had sustained a bullet - wound , shallow but a bona fide bullet - wound just the same , and people were yelling , scared and yelling , and the skinny woman in the sleeveless blouse was also wounded ( nothing shallow about hers , either ) and outside people were dead , and if all this was n't a problem , then steve guessed that ` ` problem '' was a concept without meaning .
dave took out his little white sack of bull durham tobacco and pressed it flat between fingers and thumb .
' ah , but you must have my own , from the tobacco i grow here , ' he declared .
it supported the catholic church in saint - domingue , and one son of pierre fontenay , charlotte 's brother - in - law , became a priest two women in the family became carmelite nuns one was executed in the french revolution , along with all the members of her community the money of the colonial family , during all these years as their coffee and sugar and tobacco poured into europe and into north america , was frequently deposited in foreign banks the degree of wealth was enormous even for the multimillionaires of hispaniola , and the family seems always to have possessed quite fantastic amounts of gold and jewels this is not at all typical of a planter family , whose fortunes are generally connected with the land and easily subject to ruin as a consequence the mayfair family survived the haitian revolution with enormous wealth , though all of its land holdings on the island were irretrievably lost it was marie claudette , who established the mayfair legacy in 1789 , right before the revolution that forced the family to leave saint - domingue her parents were by that time dead the legacy was later enhanced and refined by mane claudette after she was settled in louisiana , at which time she shifted a great portion of her money from banks in holland and rome to banks in london and in new york the legacy the legacy is an immensely complicated and quasi - legal series of arrangements , made largely through the banks holding the money , which establishes a fortune that can not be manipulated by any one country 's inheritance laws essentially it conserves the bulk of the mayfair money and property in the hands of one person in each generation , this heir to the fortune being designated by the living beneficiary , except that should the beneficiary die without making the designation , the money goes to her eldest daughter only if there is no living female descendant will the legacy go to a man however , the beneficiary may designate a male , if she chooses to the knowledge of the talamasca , the beneficiary of the legacy has never died without designating an heir , and the legacy has never passed to a male child rowan mayfair , the youngest living mayfair witch , was designated at birth by her mother deirdre , who was designated at birth by antha , who was designated by stella , and so forth and so on however , there have been times in the history of the family when the designee has been changed for example , marie claudette designated her first daughter , claire marie , and then later changed this designation to marguerite , her third child , and there is no evidence that claire marie ever knew that she was designated , though marguerite knew she was the heiress long before marie claudette 's death the legacy also provides enormous benefits for the beneficiary 's other children ( the siblings of the heir ) in each generation , the amount for women usually being twice that given to the men however , no member of the family could inherit from the legacy unless he or she used the name mayfair publicly and privately where laws prohibited the heir from using the name legally , it was nevertheless used customarily , and never legally challenged this served to keep alive the name of mayfair well into the present century and in numerous instances , members of the family passed the rule on to their descendants along with their fortunes , though nothing legally required them to do so , once they were one step removed from the original legacy the original legacy also contains complex provisions for destitute mayfairs claiming assistance , as long as they have always used the name mayfair and are descended from those who used it the beneficiary may also leave up to ten percent of the legacy to other ' mayfairs ' who are not her children , but once more , the name mayfair must be in active use by such a person or the provisions of the will are null and void in the twentieth century , numerous ' cousins ' have received money from the legacy , primarily through mary beth mayfair , and her daughter stella , but some also through deirdre , the money being administered for her by cortland mayfair many of these people are now ' rich , ' as the bequest was frequently made in connection with investments or business ventures of which the beneficiary or her administrator approved the talamasca knows today of some five hundred and fifty descendants all using the name mayfair , easily one half of these people know the core family in new orleans , and know something about the legacy , though they are many generations removed from their original inheritance stella gathered together some four hundred mayfairs and related families in 1927 at the house on first street , and there is considerable evidence that she was interested in the other psychic members of the family , but the story of stella will be related further on .
they made up the ever increasing number of ' cousins ' who were a constant factor in mayfair life for the next one hundred years there are numerous published drawings of mane claudette 's plantation house and even several photographs in old books , now out of print it was large even for the period and , predating the ostentatious greek revival style , it was a simple colonial structure with plain rounded columns , a pitched roof , and galleries , much like the house in saint - domingue it was two rooms thick , with hallways bisecting it from north to south and east to west , and had a full lower floor , as well as a very high and spacious attic floor the plantation included two enormous gargonmeres where the male members of the family lived , including lestan in his later widowhood , and his four sons , all of whom went by the name of mayfair ( maurice always lived in the main house ) marie claudette was every bit as successful in louisiana as she and her ancestors had been in saint - dommgue once again , she cultivated sugar , but gave up the cultivation of coffee and tobacco she bought smaller plantations for each of lestan 's sons , and gave lavish gifts to their children and their children 's children from the first weeks of their arrival , the family was regarded with awe and suspicion mane claudette frightened people , and entered into a number of disputes in setting up business in louisiana , and was not above threatening anyone who stood in her path she bought up enormous numbers of slaves for her fields , and in the tradition of her ancestors , treated these slaves very well but she did not treat merchants very well , and drove more than one merchant off her property with a whip , insisting that he had tried to cheat her she was described by the local witnesses as ' formidable ' and ' unpleasant , ' though still a handsome woman and her personal slaves and free mixed - blood servants were greatly feared by the slaves she purchased in louisiana within a short time , she was heralded as a sorceress by the slaves on her land , it was said that she could not be deceived , and that she could give ' the evil eye , and that she had a demon whom she could send after anyone who crossed her brother lestan was more generally liked , and apparently fell in at once with the drinking and gambling planter class of the area henri mane landry , her husband , seems to have been a likable but passive individual who left absolutely everything to his wife he read botanical journals from europe and collected rare flowers from all over the south and designed and cultivated an enormous garden at riverbend he died in bed , in 1824 , after receiving the sacraments in 1799 marie claudette gave birth to the last of her children , marguerite , who later became the designee of the legacy , and who lived in marie claudette 's shadow until marie claudette 's death in .
michael thought for a moment , flicked a tiny bit of tobacco off his lip , shifted his weight from one hip to another .
it 's not tobacco ; it 's superior to tobacco .
it 's not tobacco ; it 's superior to tobacco .
the effect on proxers is minor , nothing like what it does to us ; to them it 's less of a stimulant than their very best grade tobacco .
the hell with palmer eldritch , he said to himself , and reached into the desk drawer for his favorite english briar pipe and half - pound can of sail tobacco , a dutch cavendish mix .
christ , i just now bought it downstairs at the tobacco counter .
it was n't the burning tobacco ; he sort of liked that .
jonas opened the sack , took out a paper , and sprinkled tobacco into it .
he gazed up at the romp rather than at what he was doing , and still spilled barely a scrap of tobacco .
then she heard a kind of plowing , snorting breath in her ear , smelled tobacco , and understood what was happening .
the smell of tobacco a thick reek around her head .
the strong outer crescent tobacco made him swimmy in the head and raw in the throat , but a cigarette had a way of calming his nerves , and right now his nerves could use some calming .
latigo sat on the end of the bed , produced a sack of tobacco from beneath his scrape , and began rolling a cigarette .
most of what she saw was small and demeaning stuff - masturbating boys peeking through knotholes at their undressed sisters , wives going through husbands ' pockets , looking for extra money or tobacco , sheb the piano - player licking the seat of the chair where his favorite whore had sat for awhile , a maid at seafront spitting into kimba rimer 's pillowcase after the chancellor had kicked her for being slow in getting out of his way .
bert held up a cotton bag which had , in more settled times , held his father 's tobacco .
they both jumped and looked at each other , the tobacco from their works - in - progress sifting down to the floor in small brown flurries .
he filled his pipe with tobacco .. well , they called it tobacco , it was n't what he thought of as tobacco , it was n't the tobacco you used to get .. and wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the gents was .
he filled his pipe with tobacco .. well , they called it tobacco , it was n't what he thought of as tobacco , it was n't the tobacco you used to get .. and wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the gents was .
he filled his pipe with tobacco .. well , they called it tobacco , it was n't what he thought of as tobacco , it was n't the tobacco you used to get .. and wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the gents was .
he filled his pipe with tobacco .. well , they called it tobacco , it was n't what he thought of as tobacco , it was n't the tobacco you used to get .. and wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the gents was .
he finished thumbing the so .. called tobacco into the pipe and glared at the little sign on the wall of the waiting room that said that , for his own comfort , he would not smoke .
in fact , with his plump quiet wife and plump cheerful children he worked around the clock , never mind the calendar , diligently filling the area 's needs in the matter of soft drinks , white bread , tobacco , sweets , newspapers , magazines , and the type of top .. shelf p**n ography that made newt 's eyes water just to think about .
shadwell made the end of his cigarette vanish , and managed furtively to roll another , never letting papers or tobacco be seen .
briefly i smelled the ashtray smell of a dead cigarette , acrid and harsh ; then he pulled down to the unburnt tobacco , exhaled blue smoke into the night air .
tobacco warehouses and small industrial - parts plants - most of them closed years ago - but still squatting in weeds .
late in the night , while kutuzov yet sat looking heavily over his maps , one of their captains came in weary and in his dirt , his mustaches stained with tobacco , and reported to him in russian .
kane spits the words out like spent tobacco .
` ` cuban tobacco ... i ' m breaking so many laws ... '' ` ` but it 's worth it , is n't it ? ''
his lower lip bulged with a large tuck of tobacco , giving him a belligerent look .
the ranger used his boot heel to squash the burning tobacco .
kouwe slipped out a pouch and tamped some locally grown tobacco into the pipe , then lit it with a single match .
kouwe slipped out his pipe and began stoking it with tobacco , then lit it with a fiery flourish .
the pungent odor of smoky tobacco welled around them .
around them , the individual family units were sectioned off from their neighbors by drapes of tobacco leaves , water gourds , and baskets .
` ` i 'll take a shift , '' kouwe said , emptying his pipe 's bowl of tobacco ash into the water .
over the ages , the odor had seeped into the very mortar of the stones , along with wood smoke and tobacco .
his father tamped some more tobacco into his pipe .
the tobacco glowed ruddily as he puffed it to life .
the room was paneled in dark mahogany and smelled vaguely of pipe tobacco .
omaha wound through the last of the stalls , passing shops selling knockoff perfumes , incense burners , bananas , tobacco , handcrafted jewelry , traditional dhofari dresses made of velvet and covered with beads and sequins .
off to the side , barak shared a smoke with clay , the two men a contrast in size , form , and philosophy bonded by the lure of tobacco .
the place smelled of wood smoke and pipe tobacco .
it was against mormon practices to use tobacco , but sometimes concessions had to be made .
cranston sat for several long minutes , cell phone on his lap , not moving , staring dully out the window at the passing cotton and tobacco fields .
makeshift shops lined the lower level of the courtyard , including a butcher with plucked geese hanging from hooks , a liquor and tobacco store , even a candy shop full of goods too bright and cheerful for this dreary place .
she smelled the tobacco on his breath from the cigarettes he had been chain - smoking since he got here .
and yet her office had cheap carpet that smelled unpleasantly of stale tobacco smoke .
a woman from ceres told him that she 'd lost her daughter in a divorce , and that she was sending him her month 's chewing tobacco money .
the air stank of oil , tobacco smoke , and human waste .
basia caught the pungent , skunky smell of scotty 's bathtub - grown cannabis mixed with freeze - dried tobacco leaves .
saw the tobacco ember first , and then , as his eyes adjusted in the growing moonlight , the girl behind it .
pipe , book of matches , and the last of his tobacco , which he was holding on to for his final night - if it ever came - in the wilderness .
his fingers touched the cloth bag containing his pipe , a book of matches from the hotel andra in seattle , and the tobacco .
he 'd brought a pound with him - all the weight he could justify - and burned right through it in those first months , saving only enough tobacco for one last smoke if he made it this far .
the tobacco took the flame beautifully .
once , finch 's father had shown him an old tobacco pipe .
even the little tobacco pipe he 'd shown james as a youth .
i tasted a hint of ale and tobacco mixed with mint .
he camped with us for the night , and in the evening he unrolled a thick mohair blanket and spread out all his wares , whatever he had for sale : coffee , tobacco and rolling papers , tweezers , antibiotics , sewing needles and pins , a few pairs of glasses .
a cloud of tobacco smoke billowed from behind the curtains .
marie - josephe smiled shyly , hoping they would condescend to offer her a taste of the tobacco .
` ` mlle de la croix , '' he said sternly , ` ` do you smell of tobacco ? ''
but if mme lucifer had been so kind as to offer her the cigar , she would have smelled of tobacco , so she could not proclaim a perfect innocence .
their tobacco smoke drifted out .
he thought about some small gift - a pigtail of tobacco or a knife .
five pounds of salt and three pigtails of tobacco .
he noticed that the voyageurs all wore small sacks at the waist for their pipe and tobacco .
settling in for what they expected to be an entertaining tale , the voyageurs packed fresh tobacco into their long pipes .
the men pulled pipes and tobacco from the sacs au feu at their waists , passing a flame from a tiny fire set by dominique .
fitzgerald cut a thick plug of tobacco .
devil closed his eyes and let out a smoke ring , filling the room with a strong smell of tobacco .
then he took out a betel leaf and put some crushed betel nuts along with some spiced chewing tobacco and put it in his mouth .
a sweet aroma of the flavored tobacco spread across the room , as saliva drooled out of the gnomes mouth .
all of a sudden , the gnome spitted out the tobacco mixed saliva on the marble floor and said if you ca nt control your wife , the society will spit on your face like that .
he unzipped it , took out a large pinch of tobacco and filled the bowl of his pipe .
the former miss north carolina and the tobacco magnate fascinated the gossip - hungry even before the ugly accusations surfaced .
remember , when i lifted that pack of cigarettes in the air , crashed them letting the tobacco particles fall to the dirt on your first day at elmos house .
alfred , one of my class mates , stands with his bulked biceps crossed over his naked tanned chest and the black thick laser belt wrapped around his fit waist and a stupid half - moon baseball hat filled with an assortment of upside down tobacco stained styrofoam cups representing his indian feathers .
then , he shows brown - stained tobacco teeth like a growling animal and proclaims .
my remark seemed to bring a smile to slims tobacco stained lips .
packing tobacco into his pipe , peridals brow furrowed as he tried to remember the name of master jocastins apprentice .
athos leaned up against a large boulder and pulled his pipe and tobacco out from a pouch on his belt .
breslin mumbled something and pulled his own pipe out but then scowled as he realized he had forgotten his pouch of tobacco .
after packing his pipe full of tobacco , athos tossed the pouch to breslin , who nodded appreciatively .
in just a few moments his tobacco was lit .
the scent of cherry wood tobacco swirled around angus and he sat in stunned silence .
pulling out his tobacco wallet , aeros pinched up a little bit of the earthy brown grass and packed it into the wattle .
and god did he smell like my fatherall booze and tobacco .
so bring money and some tobacco .
she said to bring tobacco and money .
not tobacco though .
he yanks his hand free but the thumb stays behind , mr . willies munching on it like a plug of tobacco , his lips smeared with standishs blood .
his counterpart shrugged and spat a line of tobacco juice out into the dirt .
buck inhaled another deep lungful of the american - rolled tobacco .
another plume of fragrant tobacco smoke filtered up around the porchs overhang .
beths man sized him up with his gray stare and then spat a line of tobacco out into the grass .
he spat a line of tobacco juice into the grass .
in one stroke i lit the match ; cocooning the flame with my hand i brought it up and let it kiss the finely cut tobacco leaves and paper .
dropping the lighter , i wiped the tobacco grains from the squished cigarette off my hand and jumped back into bed .
his familiar scent wafts from his shirt and i take a deep breath , smelling the tobacco on his shirt .
the scent of tobacco wafting from his shirt mixes with the scent of fresh air , which never happens back home , and calms my nervous stomach .
the door opened and brendan appeared holding a tobacco pipe .
he smelled of sweat and sweet wintergreen chewing tobacco .
he fell limp to the ground , chewing tobacco spilling from his mouth .
fresh tobacco smoke filled the air .
he nearly hit lucus ' shiny shoes with tobacco juice .
he gargles , before spitting the tobacco at my feet .
as i am driving i keep one hand on the wheel and use the other to wipe away the tobacco spit off my face with my shirt sleeve .
inside , the air was heavy with the smells of poverty ~ stale cooking , dust , tobacco smoke and , yes , urine .
we found a bottle of vodka and some tobacco , which we have left , and a rifle , another pistol ~ in the holster of a brown leather belt ~ and several cartons of cartridges , all of which we have decided to liberate .
stumbling footsteps came closer , and the middle - aged man lit a tobacco pipe .
petya went pale and dropped his tobacco pipe , which clattered across the stones .
now yanko packed and lit a long , curved tobacco pipe to smoke during the tale .
the men there were kind , but their basement full of candles and tobacco smoke was a recipe for a headache , so viktor did n't tarry while buying friction matches and wicks .
no sooner had they crept around the corner of the building than they heard footsteps crunch in the snow toward their old position , accompanied by the stench of tobacco smoke .
` ` and it works on two levelsas a horse 's bridle but also as a dependence upon tobacco ! ''
moldy clothes , dusty wine bottles , and tins of tobacco had discolored document after document .
alistair took out a pipe from his pocket and stuffed it with tobacco .
the smell of tobacco filled the air .
his breath carried a pungent aroma that hinted at more than just tobacco .
zeus pulled out a packet of rizla papers and some tobacco and began rolling another cigarette .
the house was massive and old , the style straight out of colonial virginia tobacco plantations .
i would nt let lewis ollie kiss my beagles butthole with his tobacco stained teeth .
but , he smells so good sweet like wintergreen candy with his new dipping tobacco .
even now the smell of tobacco smoke set his heart racing , and he had nt smoked one of the wretched things in years .
on the poker table were piles of discarded cigar tobacco , stems and seeds .
a faint scent of tobacco smoke made him wrinkle his nose .
his pipe was gone but the scent of tobacco still remained as he approached .
i can still remember the stench of brandy and tobacco on his breath as he d cornered me one evening and forced a kiss upon me .
when i do , the air smells faintly of tobacco and arthritis cream , but that s it .
tom called me , told me he was just nipping into the tobacco shop next door and then the vintners if i wanted to come with but i declined , said i would get something to eat at the fish and chips across the street .
this jerkoff kept spitting his tobacco so close to the back of me , i could feel little drops of his saliva hit the back of my neck .
could you please spit your tobacco in a cup , and not .. uh , right behind me ?
you need to first get some tic tacs cuz your breath is kicking , two , layoff watching duck dynasty , because the beard on jace is cool , but on you its pathetic , and three , do nt everi meaneverrrr tell me to shut up , and you really need to not spit your tobacco i got cut off mid - sentence when the guy just spit me square in the face with his nasty tobacco infused spit .
you need to first get some tic tacs cuz your breath is kicking , two , layoff watching duck dynasty , because the beard on jace is cool , but on you its pathetic , and three , do nt everi meaneverrrr tell me to shut up , and you really need to not spit your tobacco i got cut off mid - sentence when the guy just spit me square in the face with his nasty tobacco infused spit .
instead , i smiled at her , showing off my teeth stained with tobacco .
maybe i should stop puffing on tobacco ; at least i could free myself from the stench .
he puffed on the tobacco that he was holding and blew it out .
he threw the tobacco down and stomped quickly on it to put it out .
and the scent of tobacco too , of course .
stories i ve heard say that hobbubs smoke tobacco and sit on trees branches .
stories say that hobbubs smoke tobacco and sit on branches of trees .
carefully he stood one of the death sticks on end and allowed several drops of the sleeping drug to dampen the tobacco inside .
now dad had a musty old smell that lingered on him along with the stale tobacco , he smelled like history , of the old books he collected for his shop , now that i can remember well .
i decide to focus on the music playing , the truck cabin stinks of stale tobacco , and i wonder if he is a secret smoker .
there is n't that stale tobacco smell , unless this is a rental .
years ago , there was an actual tobacco shop on main street , selling cigarettes and cigars to the guests .
in her mid thirties , i suppose she could have been attractive if she tried , but she never seemed prepared to make the effort ; her hair was always in need of a wash and brush , her clothes were scruffy and she stank of the foulest smelling tobacco imaginable .
maggie grinned behind a veil of her foul tobacco smoke and turned away to strike up a conversation with someone else .
the air was thick with tobacco smoke from clay pipes .
the smells of the players anxious , sour sweat ; deodorant ; harsh , adrenaline - fueled breath ; hints of tobacco assaulted his nose , and underneath it all lay the heavy smell of the turf , part sweet verdure , part noxious chemical .
he speaks as if he 's been chewing tobacco in his sleep .
the scent of tobacco is barely noticeable over the aroma of a gourmet meal .
with fluky 's story finished , and the last of the mctavish carton gone , fluky began to meticulously roll marijuana in white cigarette paper from the supply he always kept in a tobacco pouch in his hip pocket .
betancourt waved him off again then lit a small stub of a cheroot , the smelly , dark tobacco wafting back over his shoulder with the days light breeze .
do nt give me shit about tobacco , okay ?
but researchers have already shown that marijuana is less harmful than either tobacco or alcohol .
if you prefer , and a lot of people do , you can buy the locally grown tobacco , and roll your own , for about a quid a kilo !
i could smell his fetid breath reeking of alcohol and tobacco .
we walked past a tobacco shop and i saw a rack of newspapers in it and went in and got one and a business newspaper .
the museum also hosted a history of tobacco , and relayed the life of the man who started his working life trading coal out of a wheelbarrow , transcended from a bicycle to become the matriarch to the country 's wealthiest family .
a fortune built on tobacco , cinnamon and cigarettes .
for it was a city built on trading rich produce of the javanese plains such as rice , spices and possibly tobacco , trading with chinese merchants , and after javas conquest , trade fostered by the dutch and europeans .
of interest were the fields of tobacco which seemed to be replacing that of rice .
just smoking this chaff , he takes a little nylon tobacco bag out of his pocket to roll a cigarette .
he winked at leyna and licked the tobacco juice off his lips with his brown tongue as he grinned .
trailing behind is the faint odor of tobacco -- unsmoked -- he 's been told he can not smoke .
he smelled faintly of tobacco , though i had nt seen him smoke .
the captain smoked a cigar , lamon sucked on chewing tobacco , and stein abstained .
give him chewing tobacco anytime .
that had been another adaptation for bryant , dealing with the clouds of tobacco smoke present too often in this washington .
denton miles iii is a tobacco farming heir .
then we passed by the el credito cigar factory where my friend , ernesto perez carrillo makes the finest cigars in the world from aged leaves of the finest cuban seed tobacco , and hand - rolled by ' tabaqueros ' ( cigar makers ) from the old country .
it smelled of urine , tobacco , and fecal matter .
dave bit the end off his cigar , picked up a kitchen match from the small holder on the table , struck it with his thumbnail , and slowly lit the aged tobacco .
i saw her chewing tobacco .
sticking out of his shirt pocket is a bag of chewing tobacco .
one of the girls sitting with us turns to my dad with a big bag of redman chewing tobacco in her hand .
she holds out a pinch of the tobacco in her fingers and looks right at dad .
dad does nt even know how to chew tobacco .
cussed and chewed tobacco .
but despite the pain and horror , it was somehow pleasant , faintly erotic : andersons hand sliding with the blood on her stomach , his cheek against her sweat - drenched neck , the smell of after shave mixed with cheroot tobacco .
he took two quick pulls on it , filling the room with the scent of burning tobacco .
he looked up at him and the pope could smell the wet tobacco of the chewed up cigar .
he caught the faint scent of pipe tobacco as he stripped off his clothes , and made a mental note to brush his teeth before exiting the bathroom .
dennis realized that he was stalling , and reluctantly tapped out his pipe , leaving a pile of ashes and dry tobacco on the otherwise spotless sidewalk .
he started to protest , but realized that the mixed odors of nervous sweat , alcohol , and pipe tobacco were not the best ingredients for a pleasant aroma .
as we entered the dimly - lit interior , which smelled of tobacco smoke , beer , ancient wood and tar , we found that hiram west had preceded us .
although the barns original tenants had been absent for a long time , there was a faint aroma of hay and manure , overlaid with tobacco smoke , beer and unwashed bodies .
betty flinders had worked at the will 's tobacco factory from leaving school at the age of fifteen until she was four months pregnant with shane at the age of forty four , when the doctor had advised her that as an older mother she should stop work , stop smoking and rest more .
he had quickly set up some informers and although the first two had turned out to be absolute tossers , his last one had delivered the tobacco warehouse gang straight into their hands and so far no one had even said well done .
the air was thick with a tobacco smoke mixed with wood smoke from the open fire and the smell from the cider barrels .
there was a match strike noise and then thin smoke of cheap tobacco wafted out of his half - open window .
pulling out his tobacco pouch , he asked me to join him outside for some man - to - man talk .
he looked out and saw nothing but tobacco fields and trees .
no tobacco for this old boy .
eloyheard metal clink against metal , then a flick , followed by the crinkle of burning tobacco .
she sat back on her heels and lit the tobacco in her pipe and stroked her chin contemplatively .
he also has a mound of chewing tobacco lodged in the side of his mouth .
chapter 37 santa monica , california saturday morning july 30 , 1977 ivan sokolov sat with me in the backseat of the tobacco scented rental car while viktor drove .
everts eyes were red , bloodshot , his mouth full of tobacco , and he spit on the floor , then leaned close .
no boss , no job , no wailing alarm in the dark hours of the morning , no hustling for the commute , shivering on a subway platform or being packed on a shuddering bus , the air flesh hot , blood hot , muggy with sweat , thick with the scents of perfume , deodorant , tobacco or , more often today , nicotine gum .
he was chewing on gum like farmers chewed on tobacco , and a hint of a smirk crawled to the corners of his mouth .
lemmler puffed his pipe , the fine tobacco a balm to his companions senses .
a remarkable performance , he said , drawing a pouch of tobacco from the inside of his coat , as if he were preparing to smoke .
he suddenly felt the more than three hours ' time since his last smoke , and he knew the pack of tobacco in the inside pocket of his jacket was now a spongy , ruined mess .
he thought about staying another day and taking a tour of one of the great tobacco plantations with its slave quarters and huge mansion but he began getting a little anxious to travel on to his next target in texas .
made of fine turkish yenidje tobacco , they were what he always smoked on important days .
he had extracted a leather tobacco pouch from his blue blazer and begun to fiddle with his heavy briar pipe .
food , tobacco and alcohol to the nth degree .
first you remove all the tobacco from the cigarette , then burn the piece of smoke and mix it all in the palm of your hand , carefully .
we spent a few more minutes silently watching the bobbing embers of burning tobacco , before stubbing out the butts and drifting off into welcome , peaceful slumber .
the tobacco smoke could not quite hide the aroma from the wisteria next to the patio .
he spat tobacco into the rivulets of rainwater that spread like spider webs at his feet , then stared toward the heavens .
there were no pictures or other ornaments to distract the eye , so the hole stood out amongst the curling paint , bug smears , and tobacco grime .
his breath was hot and rhythmic upon her face and he smelled of spice and tobacco smoke .
he could pick out the scent of cheap tobacco clinging to their rain soaked garments .
said giles , as he leant over him once more and the disgusting stench of stale tobacco added to his agony .
he picked up a wooden pipe and began to fill it with tobacco .
cobb picked a piece of chewing tobacco from his teeth .
billy joel standing in oshkosh bgosh overalls with his hands synched around the suspenders spat out a wad of tobacco juice .
so , since i did nt think you wanted me burning a wrap of tobacco in your house last night , she had been gesturing with her left hand a little bit as if apologetic about this explanation , but in describing the stick rachel finally looked at daniels eyes again and smiled again .
and of course i do nt have any tobacco .
welli think generally we burn the tobacco and that s for setting the prayer wishes freebutif you needed help with say , growing your crops , you could bury them in your field .
while they built their case and prepared for daniels interview on the twelfth , rachel had implemented a regime of sitting together cross - legged in the living room and placing a tobacco wrapped prayer stick into a bowl of water between them and quietly meditating or praying .
i thought they were going to be the 21st centurys equivalent of tobacco .
st cloud had once finger - fucked a police widow in a renault clio while it stopped at that double set of traffic lights by tobacco dock .
jack moved in closer , so close kurt could smell his aftershave and the faintest trace of pipe tobacco on his breath .
he took a pouch of tobacco and a tin of weed from the kitchen drawer and began rolling a joint .
it wended its way up into the central appalachians , through towns with names like cornstalk and trout and cold knob , where bony women in faded pioneer dresses or worn jeans and tee shirts put their hands with cigarettes on their hips and stared suspiciously at them ; where hard - eyed men in john deere and caterpillar caps spat tobacco juice from their rocking chairs on their front porches or out of their pickup truck windows ; where every rickety house had an american flag on an angled pole nailed to the front post , and every store , no matter what kind , added bait and tackle and guns and ammunition and beer and cigarettes to its signage .
dad smiled , reached out and pulled me to his chest ; he smelled of tobacco ... ... he smelled of dad .
as he entered ' arrivals ' his ears were assaulted by the shouts of happy people , a palate of bright colors and that smell typical of central america , a mixture of dust , sweat , rum and tobacco .
in his youth he had shoplifted some jenka - gum at the local tobacco shop , which he at that time was quite proud of .
i smelled sweat , tobacco and clay earth .
blue smoke rising from it stirred the air with a most aromatic blend of the best cuban tobacco leaves in the world .
he pulls out a green packet of tobacco and his cigarette papers .
he heads back to the wheelhouse for his brown kappa tracksuit top and searches the pockets - he pulls out a packet of rizla cigarette papers , his tobacco and the clipper lighter with the woman in a bikini on it , bought in amsterdam on his stagdo .
he lifts a clump of tobacco from the green pouch and separates it between his fingers , feeding it uniformly into the skins .
hash looks at the size and scale of the block of dope , shrugs , and burns off a rich mans load , sprinkling it along the top of the tobacco .
he takes the papers between the index fingers and thumbs of both hands and starts to roll , rustling the tobacco and cannabis into shape .
she taps his purchases into the till ; a red label bottle of thunderbird wine , a green coil of clothes line , a silver stanley knife , an ounce of golden virginia tobacco and a green pack of rizla cigarette papers .
he picks a stray bit of tobacco from his lip .
he crumbles in the resin , then mixes in some of his golden virginia tobacco .
she exhales mint tobacco and stares vacantly out across her kitchen .
inside she saw a pipe and a bag that held tobacco .
words already mixing with the smoke , reeking of cheap tobacco , too late to take back .
the building was one of many defunct tobacco warehouses turned into fully refurbished high - end lofts .
pallets of bundled tobacco leaves replaced with corinthian leather couches lining the perimeter of a sunken living room .
as popular with the rich tobacco and shipping people as with the less affluent university crowd .
alexi was in his mid - thirties , a tanned and handsome bachelor who ran one of the largest tobacco businesses in the country , and he was accompanied by marika , a very stylish and beautiful woman in her late twenties whose family owned the citys most exclusive tennis club .
one of these was a heavy woman who always sat in the front row during my lectures and who invariably asked the most intelligent questions when i finally stopped talking ; she seemed to be listening now with rapt attention to whatever was being said by alexi , the dapper tobacco company man i had met at ron jacksons apartment .
everything from diet pills to tobacco to lead paint .
sam saw the ring paul had worn into the back pocket of his jeans from carrying endless cans of chewing tobacco .
evening , i said to him as i approached , quite obviously fiddling with a tobacco pouch , as if to display i was running low .
i sat for a bit on the stony beach and offered a couple of pinches of tobacco in my pipe to all the spirits of the place before having a smoke , taking in the scenery while i waited .
the heavy smell of tobacco from a distance of at least two meters was also unmistakable .
the mixture of tobacco and cheap perfume coming from the girls was very pungent .
matt quietly closed the door and sue lay back down on the seat and the awful stench hit her , an earthy smell mixed with tobacco , stale body odour and smelly feet , it made her gag .
drogski was snoring loudly , matt gave the place the once over , not very different to the last except for the odour of tobacco and alcohol .
the meeting was to take place in an old empty warehouse on tobacco wharf and each gang could only bring six men , no guns .
after the meal matt and sue went to sit outside and sat on the log bench , partly to give the family time to eat and partly to get away from the tobacco smell .
the aroma was amazing ; a heady blend of beer , perfume , tobacco , frying food , and without a doubt she could smell a hint of some grass being smoked nearby .
that s about the last of good cheap tobacco i was getting .
preston had seen the prices of the highly taxed tobacco in the netherlands .
the place was packed and the tobacco smoke as thick as a london fog .
when these businesses went , most recently british american tobacco , these industrial areas became empty and desolate .
a scatter of cherry leather smoking chairs replete with brass studs , and the faint aroma of pipe tobacco adding weight to the impression .
she was immediately met by a strong order of tobacco and alcohol .
marshall , a health nut , was known to slip the 800 - number to the tobacco quit line on our desks when we were nt looking .
she reeked of stale tobacco and alcohol lingered on her breath .
carl pulled a pouch of tobacco out of his pocket and started rolling a cigarette .
got tobacco and papers , too , '' he said , pointing to a display behind the counter .
he drew in a deep breath of smoke -- tobacco this time -- and blew it out the window .
bill plucked the lid off a tin of golden virginia , positioned a pinch of tobacco onto a rizla and rolled up .
settling himself on irishs vacated stool , crombie waited patiently , watching bill concentrate on getting the tobacco just so ; at times he thought the guy might be a little autistic , the speed at which he settled complicated bets scorning a calculator , his refusal to accept new routine or change all pointed that way .
we d like to have certain currently illegal drugs sanctioned for controlled distribution , sort of like tobacco and alcohol .
if we had legitimate farmers harvesting in the us , like tobacco farmers today and fda approved labs making energy - drugs , like red bull , we could pay less in farm subsidies instead of americans giving hundreds of billions in drug money to farmers in south america and mexico .
recently , i initiated an effort to have language enacted into law that would repeal the war on drugs and regulate legal use of certain ones similar to the way tobacco and alcohol are regulated .
drinks were sold from the till - side ; clockwise the bar featured snacks , then tobacco products , then memorabilia for tourists .
yellow walls , probably to hide the inevitable stains caused by tobacco smoke .
he looked down with a grunt and began clearing up tobacco from his lap .
he seemed to think as he stared into his pipe , prodding the tobacco with his finger .
captain rob would also one day find a piece of land and a stretch of beach that he could call his own , and then settle down to grow tobacco for sale to england , smoke a pipe , and swim in the sea .
all the adventures in southeast asia , interviewing radicals , tobacco trials , that thing with the president .
you know , jones , chewing tobacco should not have one end lit .
joness reply was to blow smoke in his face ; the act barely registered as the air of the underhill cigar club was already heavy with an intoxicating stew of exotic tobacco .
doctor marco santino had just returned from an expedition to the borneo jungles and was seeking to blend the finest tobacco with a swath of the herbs he had gathered in his forays .
hope was going to compliment her on the taste , but she beat him to it : you taste like tobacco and whiskey .
especially when she started whetting the presss appetite for the kill , using her contacts in the mayors office to convince them that salviati was a poor , innocent tobacco trader who longworry had recklessly savaged .
his breath stank of stale tobacco .
he is smoking what appears to be a homemade pipe with some tobacco in it .
he smelled of stale tobacco and even staler sweat .
he was so close jason could once again smell the stale sweat and tobacco that emanated from him .
atfthe bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms ciacentral intelligence agency csucrime scene unit , the nypds name for the csi department darpadefense advance research projects agency , the main research arm of the us department of defense edcexplosive detection canine , a dog especially trained to sniff out bombs and the ingredients of explosives eodexplosive ordnance disposal , the us militarys equivalent of a bomb squad esuemergency services unit etkexplosive test kit , used for detecting explosive residue in the field fbithe federal bureau of investigation f6asee andros f6a glock 19this versatile pistol is favored for its compactness and efficiency .
then , he says the atf , the alcohol , tobacco , & firearms agency , they get the scene .
she tasted wonderfully of pernod and cheap tobacco .
it made him want to spit tobacco on the carpet and deepen his scowl .
i noticed an orange glow from my kitchen table and a shadowy image emerge each time he inhaled his tobacco .
the acrid odor of tobacco smoke and cheap perfume laced the air , while piped - in melodies made conversation all but impossible .
the smell of tobacco wafted into the audi behind him .
they have had less luck securing alcohol down here , for whatever reason , and it appears ironic , too , that in the heart of tobacco country that cigarettes would dry up for them as well .
meyer watched as bauer continued to fish around in his pockets until a pouch of tobacco was found .
bauer had tucked some tobacco into his pipe and was sucking the flame from his lighter into the bowl while puffing out smoke from the side of his mouth .
deschler took a long drag on his cigarette and then put it out in a crystal ashtray on his desk , carefully folding over the end of the butt to ensure that the glowing tobacco embers were extinguished .
then , with a sudden look of satisfaction , he retrieved his pipe tobacco from his inside jacket pocket .
pulling an ashtray towards him , he began the pipe smokers routine of banging the bowl of the pipe on the hand and blowing and sucking on the stem to ensure a clear draught through the bore , before stuffing a new mass of tobacco into the bowl .
deschler shrugged at this comment , but bauer continued between puffs on his pipe and checks that the tobacco was fully alight .
bauer puffed on his pipe and , in a great cloud of tobacco smoke , added , so , since then , herr deschler has been very suspicious of any new assistants we have given him , no matter what their pedigree may be .
herr bauer stood up , placed his thumb over the bowl of his pipe and , with the tobacco still smoking , slipped it into his pocket .
the weather had broken , and blue sky shone through the large sash and case windows , highlighting the tobacco angels which filled the room .
meyer smelled the man 's pipe tobacco before he saw him .
if you do nt play football , collect guns and spit tobacco , you re a little girl .
stepping through the bottom section of the door to the smoking car , the fresh air and the labored iron ratcheting of the wheels stood out in contrast to the merriment of men with drink in their bellies , tobacco smoke , sweat and whiskey , and the raw volatile musk of the male animal .
there was a shock of racket and odors , an eruption of frenzied shadows , mad shouting and bumping about , trapped heat and tobacco smoke , whiskey , musk , urine , vomit .
thistles of chewed sugar cane spat by children , and old men 's bitter juice of tobacco .
they hopped off , straightening their coats and hats , wiping tobacco from the corners of their lips , and walked over to hoss 's wagon , pulled right up to the front of the church .
but , before her now , there stood a rather peculiar man in his mid - fifties , fat , not very tall , and with a few strands of white hair protruding from his pink head ; a triangular and scraggy , grey beard fell from his chin , brown at the top from tobacco smoke .
nods and smiles to amy , my perpetual sounding board , and to all who have supported my writing passion with their love and candid advice characters ( alphabetical order ) bartholomew , simon - police sergeant ; di tipples assistant and sounding board for the duration of the case bates - the warden at holloway prison bradtree , eustace - plainclothes detective sergeant ; speaks with a lisp ; assisted di tipple at the station burberry , ( mr . ) - half - blind witness to the kidnapping carew , violet - david powells childhood sweetheart ; appears only in a dream colmes - police sergeant and pc simmonss immediate supervisor ; mentioned only duke , conway - nicholas harkers uncle ; not part of the harker clan ediker , corbin - convict ; overheard a discussion in prison that set in motion the kidnapping fred - corbin edikers pal ; mentioned only frost - police constable ; assisted di tipple with conway dukes interview gervais , milo - the murder victim that resulted in nicholas harkers arrest ; rival to harker clan ; mentioned only griffiths - guard at holloway prison haggerty , broderick - plainclothes detective sergeant ; assisted with the maps in the tunnels hansworth , ( dr . ) - police coroner ; mentioned only harker , archibald - nicholas harkers uncle ; the factory owner harker , ernest - nicholas harkers great - grandfather ; former patriarch of the harker clan ; deceased ; mentioned only harker , nicholas - also goes by innocent ; the patsy harker , rafe - nicholas harkers father ; deceased ; mentioned only harker , winston - nicholas harkers grandfather ; current patriarch of the harker clan and once a suspected murderer / rapist ; mentioned only innocent - the name nicholas harker prefers to be called little - police constable ; does nt know what an albatross looks like marquette , henri - one of david powells language student ; elise marquettes husband ; mentioned only marquette , elise - henri marquettes wife marsh , ( mrs . ) - lewis todds landlady marvelle , penelope - also goes by penny ; david powells friend and lewis todds quasi love interest mcnamara , angus - cats husband and agnes ( annie ) mcnamaras father ; mentioned only mcnamara , annie - first name is agnes ; cats daughter ; mentioned only mercers - a portsmouth gang nolan , john - police sergeant ; telephoned di tipple about a new murder early in the morning o'malley , frank - murder victim ; nicholas harkers friend powell , agatha - david powells eldest sister ; mentioned only powell , david - priest ; lewis todds best friend and fellow kidnapping victim powell , lucy - david powells second eldest sister ; mentioned only powell , margaret - also goes by maggie ; david powells twin sister ; mentioned only powell / mcnamara , catherine - also goes by cat ; david powells youngest sister ; angus mcnamaras wife and agnes ( annie ) mcnamaras mother ; mentioned only simmons - police constable ; alerted di tipple to nicholas harkers disappearance tipple , mathilda - also goes by hildy ; horace tipples wife tipple , horace - also goes by rory ; plainclothes detective inspector ; mathilda tipples husband ; leads the investigation against the harkers and the hunt for the missing men todd , lewis - also goes by lew ; police sergeant ; david powells best friend and fellow kidnapping victim ; di tipples protg venn - a thug with particular animosity for david powell prologue london , early april 1887 corbin ediker spat through the bars into the hallway , the brown stream of tobacco juices widening a damp patch on the bricks he d been working on for a while now .
he even got visitors and a steady supply of tobacco .
he plucked the spent wad of tobacco from his cheek with brown - stained fingers and flicked it onto the floor of the corridor , trying to provoke an outburst from the guard .
unfortunately , though the kidnappers had nt relieved him of his pipe , matches , or tobacco , the violence of his capture had snapped the stem of his pipe into a few useless pieces .
the inspector said again , his words riding a curl of tobacco smoke .
the drawer had more than a dozen smoking pipes of all shapes and sizes , as well as a half - dozen pouches of pipe tobacco .
his breath reeked of onions and pipe tobacco , and his jacket smelled like it had recently been wet .
jack welsh rose , packing his stained meerschaum with richly - scented tobacco even as they started out .
he smelled like sweat and beer and stale tobacco smoke .
his clothes bore the dirt of previous days ' labors , and the smell of sweat and tobacco thickened the air around him .
he fished a cigarette from the pack beside him on the floor , thumbed the wheel of his old zippo and pulled the harsh tobacco smoke into his lungs .
he ushers us inside , into the gloom , into the stale tobacco smell of the morning circus .
the rain on his suit left behind a smell more exotic than his turkish tobacco .
he sees the young pitcher spit out a cheek - full of tobacco salvia from his mouth for the kids shit and giggles .
he shakes his blonde skull then spits another ugly the juicy brown tobacco stain on the poor pretty red clay .
spit out the chewing tobacco , cody .
the same swedish boys like me miss school , pump iron , chew tobacco products and fuck girls keeping their lives real .
the car is rank with the smell of stale tobacco smoke and soured milk from where it has leaked from her breasts .
the turf had low , dark beams the height of stooped old men and the walls leached the smell of stale tobacco .
in a matter of time heather picked up the scent of chewing tobacco on the scorpion scuzzball .
seth 's eyes followed the glowing red stick of tobacco and carcinogens go from the mouth to a slack , relaxed position down at tyrone 's side .
by the time the tobacco had burned to the filter , he had come to the conclusion this new twist of events might actually be to his advantage .
not tobacco , scarlett realized when the waft of smoke drifted in her face .
she became aware of a faint trace of tobacco smoke laced with a flowery scent that seemed to be lingering in every room .
he sometimes went out after dark when there was less chance of being seen , just to the local shop for food and tobacco and he was desperate to be outside in the daylight .
jodie balanced the cigarette in the indentation in the lip of the translucent green ashtray and picked a flake of tobacco off her tongue .
the man studied him for a moment , then pulled a curved , brown pipe from one pocket and a pouch of tobacco from the other , and turned for the door .
schulenbergers long thumb stuffed the pipe bowl with strings of black tobacco .
his bottom lip hung away from tobacco stained teeth and he searched skids eyes like a hunter trying to determine if he were looking at a twig in a brush or an antler .
chapter seven schulenberger spread the red flame evenly over the tobacco like strawberry jam , and exhaled a great billow of smoke .
the nurses do nt like my pipe tobacco .
he laughed and said , only the bottom ones sweetheartits pipe tobacco .
he peeled off a sheet and stuck the pack back and furrowed the paper and pulled out a bag of bull durham and loosed the cord with one hand and shook tobacco in the furrow , cinched the cord with his teeth and his left thumb and finger and stuck the bag back into his pocket , the string and tab hanging out .
he spread the tobacco and rolled it up in the paper , licked the edges and twisted the ends and stuck the cigarette into his mouth .
his cigarette was smoked down to shreds of tobacco and paper between his finger and calloused stub .
cowboy told jeff to line jim and becker out on the enclosure on the monkey board , and as he folded his reading glasses and stuck them into the shirt pocket opposite the one holding his tobacco , make sure they service the equipment before they start .
he wore a reddish - brown tweed jacket over a red sport shirt , chocolate brown corduroy slacks and polished brown shoes with tassels , and he smelled of pipe tobacco .
smoking was best done on a mountain top in winter when there was the perfect contrast between the seedy smoke of tobacco and the pure air of nature .
the diet has voted down a bill to increase tax on tobacco to a level that matched other developed nations .
you have an uncle in the tobacco industry you re trying to support ?
caroline was smoking slowly now , taking a speck of tobacco from the lower lip .
she got rid of the tobacco and kept smoking , slowly and methodically .
the smell of tobacco and alcohol momentarily drifted over and assaulted me .
he tasted of rank tobacco .
the orange flame burst in the air and then burned its way into the tobacco his first drag was deep , satisfying and he felt so much calmer after the first few breaths .
lyons laughed and said , but just shoot him in the leg and make sure to bring him back in one piece - he has good taste in tobacco .
there was an itemized list of rifles , grenades , food , kits and everything else you could imagine - even tobacco .
i thought a bit of tobacco would cheer him up .
he told me he was n't supposed to be about , but he was only out to get some liquor and tobacco .
the hit man glanced down at his feet as he burned the tip of his cigarette and felt the taste of the smoked tobacco fill his mouth , then his lungs .
with a puff on the tobacco , he let his mind continue along its course so long as it was not focused on the weather enveloping him .
it took him a few tries to light it , his hands were shaking so bad he almost lit the middle of the tobacco roll .
bongs and pipes of blown glass lined one wall while their loose tobacco counterparts hung on shelves behind the clerks counter up front .
he crunched the tobacco leaves between his teeth .
the consigliore pulled out a zippo and lit it for the don as he pulled the smoke through the packed tobacco and puffed it out in a perfect circle .
candidate a is also a businessman , who earned his money from smuggling , tobacco , and alcohol .
` ` at the commune all tobacco , alcohol and drugs are banned .
his breath reeked of tobacco , and his voice sported a thick cockney , ` ` who the ' ell are you ? ''
the smells of hundreds of sweaty , dirty men wrapped in tobacco and liquor washed over him along with various other odors .
i close my eyes and inhale the stench of stale tobacco and cheap eau - de - cologne that permeates the nightmarish ride .
he pointed at a miraculously produced clay pipe and a tattered bag of tobacco .
he has a voice made harsh by years of relentless smoking of cheap tobacco .
- inquired preston , picking at stray tobacco strands firmly lodged in the clay stem of his eternal pipe - ` ` on the way to an sa rally in brunswick , in mid october 1931 , he suddenly stopped his 100 - horsepower horch ' for a picnic ' .
-you need to decide what s going to happen , i said behind my mouth , behind the dwindling tobacco i could nt even smell , could nt taste , my tongue a dead bulb stuck to the side of my mouth .
the man pulled a packet of tobacco from out of an inside pocket of a white sports jacket , stained grey with sweat , and proceeded to roll a homemade cigarette on the table top between brown - tipped fingers .
paco was picking at his long , greasy hair , rolling a cigarette from a little loose tobacco someone have given him .
he fumbled with the paper and some of the tobacco fell on the ground .
william got a tobacco tin from his back pocket and on opening it , patsy could see it contained several ready rolled cigarettes .
she opened the window , trying to get rid of the smell of sweat and tobacco .
so i sat back and reintroduced my lungs to the joys of tobacco .
a tobacco shop .
` ` like your tobacco and boys , '' said gaveston .
yes , a lot of them drive pickup trucks and some even chew tobacco but few will fail to open a door for a lady or stop and help a motorist in distress .
the man spat tobacco juice on the ground beside the truck and shrugged .
the scent of tobacco soothed , a familiar part of mr . eddis ways like the grandpa whom shed never known .
stale tobacco wafted in the close confines as he pressed in closer .
he spat tobacco juice between the truck and the trailer and seemed oblivious to pappy and me .
as otis motored up and down the road , working the levers , changing the angle and pitch of the blade , spitting tobacco juice , the monkeys jumped and swung without fear and seemed to have a delightful time .
he spat every so often , a long stream of brown tobacco juice that hit the ground in front of the rear wheels .
one of them asked , spewing tobacco juice .
the air inside smelled antediluvian , regal somehow , with traces of pipe tobacco , tea leaves , cooking sherry , and the earthen aroma of stone architecture .
everything about this room said power , from the faint aroma of fine pipe tobacco to the ubiquitous presidential seal .
i heard the scratch and clunk of a zippo lighter , and a moment later i smelled tobacco smoke .
maybe tobacco .
bond knew jamaica well , so he asked to be controlled from there and to pass as a jamaican plantocrat whose father had made his pile in tobacco and sugar and whose son chose to play it away on the stock markets and in casinos .
bond softly exhaled a cloud of tobacco smoke .
there was a faint smell of turkish tobacco .
the smell of turkish tobacco drifted across to bond .
i ' m sure it was invented by the tobacco companies ! '
his complexion was the colour of tobacco dust , a sort of yellowy - beige .
the same cries of victory and defeat , the same dedicated faces , the same smell of tobacco and drama .
there was the rasp of a match against a box and bond watched m tamp the burning tobacco down in the bowl of his pipe and then put the matchbox back in his pocket and tilt his chair in m 's favourite attitude for reflection .
no smell of tobacco .
m picked his pipe out of the big copper ash - tray and began to fill it , thoughtfully watching his fingers at work with the tobacco .
it was the most wonderful cigarette he had ever tasted - the mildest and sweetest of turkish tobacco in a slim long oval tube with an elegant gold crescent .
sunflowers , maize , vines and racks of tobacco were ripening in the sun .
she drew down the blind and shut out the hard afternoon light and the endless baked fields of maize and tobacco and wilting sunflowers .
he hated virginia tobacco , but he was prepared to do anything to help put the man at ease .
when he had finished he tossed the pile into his out basket and reached for his pipe and the tobacco jar made out of the base of a fourteen - pounder shell .
reaching for a tobacco jar with the arms of king 's college , cambridge , on it , he dug into it and started filling his pipe- '' i mean to say i do n't want to bore you with all that .
he jerked the pipe out of his mouth and talked while he tamped down the burning tobacco with his matchbox .
they 're in rum and tobacco and they represent the big british firms over here - motor cars , insurance and so forth .
there was no smell of tobacco smoke in the room .
it was a criminal life - a running fight with the currency laws , the state tobacco monopoly , the customs , the police - but there was a whiff of adolescent rascality in the air which somehow changed the colour of the crime from black to white - or at least to grey .
he picked up his pipe and began to fill it , absent - minded fingers dipping into the shell - base tobacco jar at his elbow .
did you notice that largo did n't smoke and that there was no trace of tobacco smell anywhere in the ship ?
player was in the tobacco and snuff business and cigarettes had just been invented and he wanted to start making them .
but the manager pointed out that that would leave no room for all this '' -- -she turned over the packet -- - '' about ` rich , cool , ' and ` navy cut tobacco ' and that extraordinary trademark of a doll 's house swimming in chocolate fudge with nottingham castle written underneath .
` ` the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms . ''
` ` liquor is the blood of the devil , and tobacco is his breath , and fornication is his pleasure .
the office was filled with the odors of hajib kafir , his sickly sweet tobacco , his acrid turkish coffee , his fat , oily body .
he put a match to the tobacco , blew it out and then turned to the boy .
alec had walked over to a large refectory table , picked up a pipe , filled it with tobacco and lit it .
the sweet smell of the tobacco was making jennifer nauseous .
he filled his pipe with tobacco , lit it , and studied tracy .
there were agricultural implements , beer , cans of milk and crocks of butter , cement , fuses and dynamite and gunpowder , crockery , furniture , guns and haberdashery , oil and paint and varnish , bacon and dried fruit , saddlery and harness , sheep - dip and soap , spirits and stationery and paper , sugar and tea and tobacco and snuff and cigars ... a dozen shelves were filled from top to bottom with flannel shirts and blankets , shoes , poke bonnets and saddles .
he filled it with a sweet - smelling tobacco from a small pouch and lighted the pipe .
he took out a pack of ducados cigarettes , the heavy black tobacco of spain .
a multibillionaire , the senator owned tobacco plantations , coal mines , oil fields in oklahoma and alaska , and a world - class racing stable .
chambers was a fifty - five - year - old philanthropist who had inherited a tobacco fortune and had devoted most of his life to giving it away .
the senator said casually , ` ` by the way , oliver , i was very disappointed that your legislature passed that tobacco tax bill . ''
but i have a lot of friends who invested their hard - earned money in tobacco plantations , and i would n't want to see them get hurt by oppressive new taxes , would you ? ''
oliver said , ` ` i had heard that you 'd sold your tobacco plantations , todd . ''
` ` well , the tobacco companies are taking a beating in the courts .
the tobacco tax is by far the most popular measure the legislature has passed this year .
judd studied mcgreavy a moment , then picked up a pipe from a rack on a long , low table and began to fill it with tobacco from a jar .
i saw room service ... abie 's irish rose ... tobacco road ... you ca n't take it with you ...
long wooden tables were knotted with revelers , the aroma of tobacco , sausage , and beer thick and strong .
the air reeked of raw meat , damp produce , and spent tobacco .
he smelled of bitter tobacco , as did the entire room .
asbestos , tobacco , fen - phen , all sorts of crazy class actions .
` ` but a lot of them were on tobacco and alcohol and gambling .
they traded , swapped , and bartered , and gathered enough coins to purchase loose leaf tobacco which they rolled into thin papers and smoked slowly .
they crossed the street , hand in hand , and passed a group of old men whittling wood and chewing tobacco around the war memorial .
soon they were sitting on the edge of the desk , side by side , feet on separate chairs , staring at the floor while heavy clouds of tobacco smoke boiled above them in the motionless air .
he chewed tobacco and spat in the black water beneath the pier .
the tepid air hung heavy with a lingering scent of wine and tobacco .
ron explained that he lived with his mother , who did n't tolerate tobacco or alcohol .
everybody smoked on the row , and the smell of old and new tobacco hung over the run like a thick , pungent fog .
he spent it in the canteen on tobacco , canned tuna , crackers , and cookies .
so was klein as he fiddled with his pipe , absently took out his tobacco pouch , then realized what his hands were doing .
he hastily returned the fragrant tobacco to his pocket .
if the investigator was with the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms , the investigation quite likely involved gun smuggling of some sort .
hewas greeted by roating levels of smoke not all ofit tobacco , by any means and adjusted his stingingeyes to the erratically flashing lights as he tried toblock out the offending noise , a combination ofguttural roars and disco music blaring fromhigh - tech speakers .
the only chemicals he 'd allow in his body afterthat were tobacco and alcohol .
` ` saynothing , and you may have another six months flyingin your foolish tobacco from malta . ''
impatiently he lit a camel filter with a disposable butane lighter , not of a mood to enjoy the superior american tobacco .
taking a small torpedo - shaped danish cigarillo from the ashtray , the arms merchant puffed and read , the strong tobacco smoke blending with the salon 's background smell of diesel and fish oil .
leaning back against the big worktable in the center of the laboratory , he began to lightly fill his pipe from the dwindling stock in his tobacco pouch .
cevik flicked a bit of tobacco off his underlip .
which was why they were hid out , as tyrone would say , in a tobacco shop where an old , grizzled salvadoran was hand - rolling cuban - seed shit he grew himself into partagas , montecristos , and coronas , selling them to eager customers at a premium price over the internet .
tyrone had parked it directly across from the tobacco shop , where it now sat , waiting along with them .
among this latter group was delia trane , a friend of soraya 's and an explosives expert from atf , the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms .
the man behind him smelled of tobacco and anger .
then he laughed , showing teeth yellowed by time and tobacco .
jason bourne lunged out of the grass as the guard inhaled his first draft of tobacco .
he sent me up here to bring him back his special pipe tobacco . '
he was not on a backcountry road , he was on tobacco road .
` ` other people say tobacco will . ''
he found an empty booth , one partially visible through a fog of tobacco smoke , and wedged himself into it and settled in behind his pint .
luigi met him in front of a tobacco shop facing the piazza dei signori , and they strolled along a busy alley as shopkeepers were closing up .
a tobacco store .
for the first time marco noticed tobacco stains on the wild whiskers closest to his mouth .
he knew which tobacco stores opened at six and which waited until seven .
the first thing randi russell noticed when she deactivated the alarm and opened the door to bay digital was that she was not alone although the security system indicated no intrusion , she caught the faint odor of clove tobacco smoke .
the eyes were attacked next , by tear - provoking layers of heavy smoke , thick and translucent - the nostrils reacting immediately to the pungent sweetness of tobacco laced with grass and hashish .
as the aromatic pipe tobacco scented the room , peter thought about it .
the pungent barnyard aroma characteristic of russian tobacco filled the spartan office .
after twenty seconds , the tobacco smell wafted toward him - it was indeed a cigarillo - and janson relaxed a little .
the tobacco smoke would render their noses all but useless .
it must really be strong tobacco .
on one of those voyages they imported a new strain of tobacco , which proved the colony 's saving grace , thriving in the sandy soil , becoming virginia 's most valuable export commodity .
jefferson had raised tobacco for sale to the scots , then switched to rye , clover , potatoes , and peas .
french 's rival was a tobacco lawyer somewhere in mississippi who had made a billion or so and bought a yacht that was 180 feet long .
within just a few minutes , clay would learn that wes had made about half a billion on the tobacco settlement three years earlier .
this , the war against big tobacco .
there were dozens of web sites - one that purported to list all class actions now pending in the united states , a total of eleven thousand ; one that instructed potential plaintiffs on how to join a class and receive compensation ; one that specialized in lawsuits involving women 's health ; one for the men ; several for the skinny ben diet pill fiasco ; several for tobacco litigation .
a tobacco lawyer from palm beach was thought to have earned $ 400 million .
same for wes , who had earned $ 500 million from the tobacco scam .
battle gave up booze for pipe tobacco , and his cluttered and dirty office reeked of stale smoke .
it gave the impression of having spent most of the day there , slowly disintegrating like a plug of chewing tobacco .
next to me was a reporter from the newspaper in tupelo , a pleasant gentleman who reeked of cheap pipe tobacco .
he fumbled in his jacket pocket for his pipe and tobacco pouch , saw the no - smoking sign prominently displayed on the door , and then stuffed them back with a distracted frown .
with a final flourish of his tobacco - stained hands , the driver pulled up outside the front door of the hotel des chevaliers - a small boutique hotel scarcely a block from the ancient tree - lined elegance of the place des vosges .
he stretched limbs that had grown stiff in a cramped airline seat , then breathed deeply a few times to clear the lingering secondhand traces of the cabdriver 's harsh tobacco out of his lungs .
still running at full speed , they ducked into the recessed door of a small tobacco shop , seeking cover .
they were caught in its glaring twin headlights , silhouetted against the locked and barred door of the little tobacco shop .
the guard checked his watch and stripped his cigarette , shaking the tobacco to the grass ; he had been in the army .
` ` geof 's research on matareisen established that he 's a zealous antismoker , pathological about tobacco .
klein took his pipe from his pocket and brought out his tobacco pouch .
klein pushed his glasses up onto his forehead and tamped tobacco into his pipe .
klein smoked , tamped down his burning tobacco again .
a tall , elderly anglican priest was hiding in the recessed doorway of a closed estanco , a tobacco shop , from which the faint , sweet odors of its wares seeped .
those same lawyers also sold arms to the continental army against bills for future delivery of tobacco and colonial wares .
at a tobacco store in downtown st . john 's , i see something that freezes me , then makes me smile .
the four - inch torpedo model sells for $ 5 in antigua and $ 10 at the downtown roanoke tobacco store called vandy 's smokes .
as ray went about his business of settling in , he lit a cigar and the entire cabin soon smelled of rich tobacco smoke .
the house is humid and sticky , the smell of stale tobacco everywhere .
he was bright and he did n't hate tobacco .
they had conducted exhaustive telephone surveys in harrison county six months ago , then again two months ago , then a month later to gauge community sentiment about tobacco issues and formulate models of the perfect jurors .
each was a conglomerate of sorts with different divisions and a multitude of products , fat ad budgets , and insipid names such as trellco and smith greer , names designed to deflect attention from the fact that at the core they were little more than tobacco companies .
each of the four , the big four as they were known in financial circles , could easily trace its roots to nineteenth - century tobacco brokers in the carolinas and virginia .
sixteen trials so far , and big tobacco had won them all , but the pressure was mounting .
he ran u - tab , as it was formerly known , an abbreviation for an old company which for years was called union tobacco but after a marketing cleansing was now traded as pynex .
` ` no , it 's just that , well , they ' ve never defended a tobacco case . ''
` ` there 's never been a tobacco case on the coast before .
eight of the largest tort firms in the country had allegedly put up a million bucks each to finance this showdown with the tobacco industry .
it was no ordinary tobacco case , and everyone in the room knew it .
with no effort , the group quickly recruited help from the tobacco task force , the coalition for a smoke free world , and the tobacco liability fund , plus a handful of other consumer groups and industry watchdogs .
with no effort , the group quickly recruited help from the tobacco task force , the coalition for a smoke free world , and the tobacco liability fund , plus a handful of other consumer groups and industry watchdogs .
sixteen had gone to trial and ended with verdicts in favor of the tobacco companies .
the tobacco lawyers were down the street working just as hard .
they were wall street financial analysts , specialists in tobacco stocks , sent south to follow the early developments of wood v. pynex .
state your opinion on the issue of tax dollars being used to subsidize tobacco farmers .
he flipped back to the tobacco subsidy question because it was a tough one .
it was a similar case , but with a different widow and a different tobacco company , and though there 'd been a hundred lawyers involved , they were all different from this bunch .
probably the tobacco companies , because she was exactly the type of agent fitch liked to use .
but nicholas knew the details of a tobacco trial in east texas , a trial which blew up after only one week when it was discovered that mysterious agents were slinking through the small town and offering huge sums of money to relatives of jurors .
cooler heads laid heavy odds that it was the work of the tobacco boys .
then , and rohr could n't suppress a wicked smile as he prepared to reveal this , the plaintiff would present to the jury people who 'd once worked for the tobacco industry .
she 'd been in the courtroom on two prior occasions - once two weeks earlier when she 'd sat through another trial , and once during jury selection in the tobacco case .
` ` contaminated juries in tobacco cases .
` ` there have been several of these cases around the country , and the tobacco industry has yet to get hit with a verdict .
it was soon learned that his resum6 could be measured by the pound - lots of degrees from many schools , hundreds of published articles , seventeen books , years of teaching experience , decades of research into the effects of tobacco smoke .
his field had been narrowed over the years , so that dr . fricke now spent ten hours a day studying the effects of tobacco smoke on the human body .
` ` there was a tobacco trial , a very similar one in quitman county , mississippi , about seven years ago , up in the delta .
it was a different tobacco company , but some of the players are the same , on both sides .
once he was qualified as an expert , they launched into a clinic on the basics : tobacco smoke is extremely complex in makeup , with over four thousand compounds identified in its composition .
the first chart was a list of all the compounds known to exist in tobacco smoke .
in addition to these sixteen , he said , tapping his pointing stick in his left hand , there may well be other , yet undetected , carcinogens present in tobacco smoke .
from one - thirty until three , then from three - thirty until adjournment at five , the jurors learned more than they cared to about nicotine : it is a poison contained in tobacco smoke .
dr . bronsky was rested and ready for another day of thoughtful discourse on the ravages of tobacco smoke .
having discussed the carcinogens in tobacco smoke , and the nicotine , he was ready to move to the next compounds of medical interest : irritants .
in this area of the body , tobacco smoke stimulates secretion of mucus .
` ` the widow of a dead smoker is suing a tobacco company . ''
` ` -to be filed by the tobacco company seeking to exclude evidence .
` ` we ' ve had motions to exclude evidence of other diseases caused by smoking , motions to prevent evidence of warnings , motions to prevent evidence of advertising , motions to exclude evidence of epidemiological studies and statistical theories , motions to preclude reference to patents not used by the defendant , motions to exclude evidence of subsequent or remedial measures taken by the tobacco company , motions to preclude our evidence of the testing of cigarettes , motions to strike portions of the autopsy report , motions to exclude addiction evidence , motions- '' ` ` i ' ve seen these motions , mr . rohr , '' his honor interrupted when it appeared as if rohr might name them all .
he told her wild stories of bad deeds by the tobacco companies in trials past , and he ` ` confessed to her that he had studied tobacco litigation at great length during his two years of law school .
he told her wild stories of bad deeds by the tobacco companies in trials past , and he ` ` confessed to her that he had studied tobacco litigation at great length during his two years of law school .
he started with the over four thousand compounds identified in tobacco smoke , picked one seemingly at random , and asked what effect benzol ( a ) pyrene would have on the lungs .
bronsky again tried to explain that research could not determine the effect of a single compound in tobacco smoke .
there 's a big story about this trial and the potential impact a plaintiff 's verdict might have on the tobacco industry . ''
the next study was a comparison of the death rates from lung cancer in men in relation to the type of tobacco smoked .
dr . kilvan explained the basic differences in pipe and cigar smoke and the rates of cancer for american men who used those forms of tobacco .
` ` they 're agents hired by the tobacco companies , '' was the reply .
` ` this tobacco trial in biloxi has serious implications throughout the economy , especially for companies like ours , '' he said to lonnie , who nodded gently and tried to understand how the trial might affect anyone other than pynex .
` ` if the plaintiff wins this case and there 's a big verdict , it will open the floodgates of tobacco litigation .
they 'll bankrupt the tobacco companies . ''
` ` we make a lot of money off tobacco sales , lonnie , '' teaker said with perfect timing .
the tobacco industry has never lost one of them .
probably some agent hired by the tobacco boys . ''
the tobacco companies spent millions selecting us , and now they 're spending even more to watch us . ''
` ` how do you know it 's the tobacco company ? ''
the experts were impressive with credentials and visual aids , but the tobacco defense had seen it all before .
stella hulic , number four , front row , went to miami this weekend , and she was followed by unknown persons believed to be working for the tobacco company . ''
` ` we got in friday night , to the hotel , and after we 'd been there for two maybe three hours the phone rang , and it was some woman who told us that these men from the tobacco companies were following us .
rumors ran wild , the most popular of which was the one about a tobacco snoop actually getting caught in a juror 's apartment and a warrant being issued for his arrest .
it was a controversial study when it came out because it indicated factors other than tobacco smoke might cause lung cancer . ''
this got repeated a few times , and with each telling stella 's significance to the tobacco industry rose to new heights .
it was easy to assume the intruder was paid by the tobacco industry , and since they 'd been caught or at least were highly suspected , things looked bad all around for the defense .
and tobacco companies .
he rambled for a bit about unauthorized contact , about what had happened so far with this jury , and he made some vague references to events that had occurred in other tobacco trials .
fitch had left a wide trail across the landscape of tobacco litigation .
in great detail , he explained to the jury exactly how he and his team had taken tobacco smoke condensates , usually referred to simply as ` ` tars , '' and rubbed them directly onto the skin of what looked like a million white mice .
when he was first hired , the company , then called union tobacco , or simply u - tab , had shipped him to cuba to study tobacco production down there .
when he was first hired , the company , then called union tobacco , or simply u - tab , had shipped him to cuba to study tobacco production down there .
he 'd studied the tobacco leaf and a thousand ways to grow it more efficiently .
it had one third the nicotine of regular tobacco .
no one seemed to care about this new strain of tobacco with much less nicotine .
` ` there was a secret study in the late 1930s , paid for by a tobacco company , and the result was clear proof that the nicotine in cigarettes is addictive . ''
` ` a tobacco company . ''
when pynex was still union tobacco , its corporate headquarters were in richmond .
in fact , the entire tobacco industry knew about the study by the early 1970s , if not sooner . ''
let 's just say that the tobacco companies at times can stick together . ''
they were joined in mid - conversation by loreen duke , who leaned by the towel dispenser and quickly threw in her amazement and disgust with tobacco companies .
` ` i ' m not a fan of the tobacco industry . ''
in other tobacco trials , former employees had testified about pesticides and insecticides sprayed on the crops , and experts had linked the chemicals to cancer .
in one trial , a former employee had spilled the news that his former employer had targeted young teenagers with ads showing thin and glamorous idiots with perfect chins and perfect teeth having all manner of fun with tobacco .
several times since leaving pynex he had been tempted to contact a plaintiff 's lawyer in a tobacco trial , but had never mustered the courage .
it was not common knowledge in the tobacco industry that nicotine was addictive .
bunch had gained fame a decade earlier when , as surgeon general of the united states , he had been a relentless critic of the tobacco industry .
` ` typical hogwash from the tobacco companies , '' he said with disgust .
while sparing no expense on advertising , the companies do not go to the trouble and expense of properly cleaning poisonous residues from their tobacco .
he directed a project which showed how tobacco companies elusively target the young ; how they target the poor ; how they develop and advertise certain brands for the different sexes and classes .
at times throughout the morning he was unable to conceal his loathing for the tobacco industry , and when the bitterness leaked through his credibility suffered .
the cimmino jury had listened to four weeks of testimony , then handed the tobacco company another verdict .
it was a six - page summary of current news items about the tobacco industry , dated october 11 , 1994 .
the tobacco companies .
if big tobacco loses this trial , then there will be an avalanche of litigation the likes of which this country has never seen .
what if millie voted with the tobacco company but the rest of the jury disagreed and delivered a big verdict ?
they had also tracked tobacco litigation , and that journey had forced them to set up housekeeping in places such as broken arrow , allentown , and now biloxi .
wood v. pynex was unique because it was the first tobacco trial featuring a sequestered jury .
he grabbed their attention for good when he told them he 'd made his living for two decades as a lobbyist for the tobacco industry .
in a prior life , he had been employed at the tobacco focus council .
` ` our mission was to advise the tobacco companies on current legislation and attempts to regulate them .
we played hardball , and we taught other tobacco apologists the ins and outs of political fistfighting . ''
at the council , robilio had access to countless studies of cigarettes and the tobacco industry .
it was well known at the council that all tobacco companies kept nicotine at high levels to ensure addiction .
the survival of tobacco depends upon each new generation picking up the habit .
` ` did you know how much money the tobacco companies were making off cigarette sales to children ? ''
he scratched his chin , looked at the ceiling , then asked , ` ` when you were with the tobacco focus council , how did you counter the arguments that nicotine is addictive ? ''
` ` the tobacco companies have a party line ; i helped formulate it .
he was also on retainer in two other tobacco cases .
` ` mr . robilio , are you aware of efforts by the tobacco industry to curb teenage smoking ? ''
` ` are you aware that the industry is on record supporting legislation which imposes criminal penalties against convenience stores which sell tobacco products to minors ? ''
these tobacco people are bright , intelligent , educated , ruthless , and they 'll look you in the face and tell you with all sincerity that cigarettes are not addictive .
late monday morning , he called an acquaintance in austin , a man he 'd worked with six years earlier in a tobacco trial in marshall , texas .
leon robilio 's voice stayed with them , a robotic voice substituted for a real one lost to the ravages of tobacco , a robotic voice which delivered the sickening dirt he once helped hide .
robilio had been fired from the tobacco focus council for embezzling funds ; had even been indicted , though charges were later dropped .
robilio 's throat cancer had probably been caused by his alcoholism , and not by tobacco .
in this , the biggest tobacco trial yet , with the biggest plaintiff 's lawyers lined up with millions , his beloved little marlee would hand him a verdict .
a victory over rohr in biloxi would be a huge barricade to future tobacco litigation .
concede savelle on the grounds that anyone so in tune with nature had to dislike tobacco companies .
the horde of legal analysts and scholars closely watching the trial agreed on little , but they were unified in their prediction that a unanimous , twelve - vote verdict in favor of pynex would chill , if not completely freeze , tobacco litigation for a decade .
she and her friend easter or whatever the hell his name was had patiently stalked big tobacco to reach this point , and they would happily hand over a verdict for the right price .
he smiled easily and seemed to welcome the chance to defend his tobacco company .
to his right was luther vandemeer , ceo of trellco , the largest tobacco company in the world .
at times , jankle sounded as if he almost despised tobacco .
` ` and is the smoke produced by the tobacco and the paper supposed to be sucked through the end opposite the end that is lit ? ''
he started with jankle and his brilliant new tobacco defense , the abused - cigarette strategy , a harebrained approach that just might doom them .
but jankle had been a lawyer in another life and fancied himself as an original thinker who 'd been given the golden chance to save big tobacco .
and fitch reminded cable that this was the ninth tobacco trial he 'd directed , not to mention the two mistrials he 'd engineered , and he 'd certainly seen more effective courtroom advocacy than what was being offered by cable .
his stable included battle - tested veterans of other cigarette trials , and prickly researchers funded by big tobacco , and myriad other mouthpieces assembled to counterattack what the jury had already heard .
kids see tobacco ads because kids see newspapers and magazines and billboards and flashing neon lights in convenience store windows , but this does n't mean the kids are targeted .
` ` you guys are suing the tobacco company for millions , '' he said , every word getting captured by a body mike in cleve 's shirt pocket .
i 'll go talk to the tobacco company . ''
if successful advertising depends on targeting young adults , why should n't tobacco companies be allowed to do it ?
she and her research team had found no evidence of this , and they had studied thousands of tobacco ads over the past forty years .
she had spent almost two years searching for evidence that tobacco companies target teens , because she had started the project with this unfounded bias .
and , in her opinion , this would do nothing to slow tobacco sales .
` ` any tobacco companies ? ''
` ` any subsidiaries of tobacco companies ? ''
he asked her about companies related to tobacco companies , parent companies , sister companies , and divisions and conglomerates , and she knew nothing .
this is the mother of all tobacco trials - gettysburg , iwo jima , armageddon .
the issue of whether tobacco companies are to be held liable for cigarettes has to be settled right here .
in fact , he 'll suspect you ' ve cut a deal with the tobacco company . ''
` ` but i ' m not sure i want to vote for the tobacco company , '' she said , dazed .
what he wanted was a lawyer , one of those he 'd seen in court who represented the tobacco company , one he could sit down with and cut a deal behind closed doors .
she does n't appear to have much sympathy for the wood family , she 's more inclined to punish big tobacco for hooking the younger generation .
napier , nitchman , and cristano were minor players in a large fraud , a conspiracy orchestrated by the tobacco company to pressure millie .
` ` is this something you do in every tobacco trial ? ''
hoppy and millie might suspect it was somebody working for the tobacco pompany , but they do n't know who .
his voice was warm and rich , filled with compassion one second and harsh words for big tobacco the next .
it was shocking to think of the extreme measures the tobacco industry would go to just to pressure a juror .
all tobacco stocks rose quickly in early , heavy trading .
he spent ten minutes talking casually about leon robilio , the voiceless one who 'd worked for twenty years promoting tobacco , then realized how corrupt the industry was .
for big tobacco to survive , it must hook teenagers and ensure the next generation will buy its products .
he turned nasty when he dwelt on nicotine and big tobacco 's stubborn insistence that it is not addictive .
he talked about his client , mrs . celeste wood , a fine wife , mother , friend , a real victim of the tobacco industry .
if you want your other clients to think you 're a genius , then short sell tobacco right now . ''
a careful reading of the file by another operative , this one a former fbi agent with a law degree , revealed a series of donations to such groups as the american lung association , the coalition for a smoke free world , the tobacco task force , the clean air campaign , and a half - dozen other antismoking causes .
she 'd read the introduction , which declared the study to be a thorough review of advertising practices by tobacco companies , especially how said practices related to children under the age of eighteen , and she 'd read the conclusion , which absolved the industry of targeting underage smokers .
` ` just says here they could n't find any evidence of tobacco companies advertising to attract kids . ''
this trial is about a bunch of lawyers getting rich suing tobacco companies .
not so with tobacco .
` ` i started this trial with an open mind , but i ' ve come to realize that the only way to hold the tobacco companies responsible is for us to do it . ''
i ' m convinced the tobacco companies lie and cheat and cover up , and do everything in their power to get kids to smoke .
a verdict for actual damages only means we do n't have the guts to punish the tobacco industry for its corporate sins . ''
then mrs . gladys card upset the tally by saying , ` ` i do n't like voting for the tobacco company , but , at the same time , i just ca n't understand giving celeste wood all this money . ''
` ` if we 're serious about sending a message to the tobacco industry , then we have to shock them .
it should be famous and known from this day forward as the moment the american public , acting through its jury system , finally stood up to the tobacco industry and said , ' enough is enough . ' ''
we 'll start the long process of making the tobacco companies accountable for killing so many people .
all tobacco companies print their own money . ''
the four largest tobacco companies had combined sales last year of almost sixteen billion .
` ` what will happen to the tobacco industry if we bring back a big verdict , the kind we 're talking about ? ''
there suddenly arose a flicker of hope for cable and pynex and fitch and the entire tobacco industry .
what would fitch tell the fbi in his sworn affidavit : that he gave her ten million dollars to deliver a verdict in a tobacco trial , and she had the nerve to double - cross him ?
law professors made fearless predictions about the future of tobacco liability .
wall street seemed more sympathetic to rohr than to the tobacco industry .
antismoking groups openly predicted the bankruptcy and eventual demise of the tobacco companies .
` ` grad school i studied finance , thought about law , then i dated a lawyer for a while and heard stories of tobacco litigation .
brayduck took a tobacco pouch out of his pocket and began stuffing his pipe .
brayduck lit his pipe and the odor of the tobacco caused ellis to look at the man once again .
the judge lived alone , spent little on the house , had no bad habits except for his pipe , and he preferred cheap tobacco .
the air was warm and dusty and filled with the heavy scent of pipe tobacco .
the bowl of the other was full of tobacco that had recently been smoked .
the raspy breath , the gravelly voice , the countless wrinkles clustered around the eyes , ah , the joys of tobacco .
` ` then came tobacco , '' he said sadly .
i thought they were crazy , hell , everybody did , but they sued the big tobacco companies in almost every state .
the tobacco companies basically bought off the lawyers , who sold out .
i mean , hell , we ' ve had the asbestos and tobacco boys running around here for years , burning money , showing everybody else how it 's done .
` ` there 's a tobacco lawyer here who made a billion .
the comte maurice leon philippe du chatelet 's private study was a very masculine chamber that smelled of pipe tobacco and leather .
the place was thick with smoke , and it stank of sweat , stale tobacco cheap tobacco , at that bad wine .
the place was thick with smoke , and it stank of sweat , stale tobacco cheap tobacco , at that bad wine .
stephen , why do n't you ingratiate yourself with your boss and get me some american tobacco ?
everywhere he went , from the lobby of the metropole hotel to kuz - net sky most , there was the stench of makhorka , the cheap russian tobacco , a smell he 'd always associated with russia .
he could smell the nivea skin cream that the petty bureaucrat obviously used in place of shaving soap , his obel pipe tobacco , the rosemary hair tonic he used in a sad and failing attempt to prevent baldness , though it was far too late for that .
he had already learned them the rancid stench of male sweat , astringent with vodka , the unclean females , the onion - foul breath , the cheap tobacco , the omnipresent fug of boiled cabbage .
the building smelled of spoiled meat and makhorka tobacco .
the investigator reeked of pipe tobacco and sour perspiration .
a rolled cigarette burned in an ashtray and the thick green fog curling upward was not from tobacco .
the taste was bitter , sharp , like alum - and terrible , like tobacco .
his small pink fingers plucked at the thin cigarette paper , spilling out neat little cones of golden - brown tobacco .
and tears were running down his cheeks as he held his puffing leg between his hands and as three - year - old cap hollister turned to do what his brother said , terrified and blubbering , it had slithered over his foot , his own foot , like deadly green water and later the doctor had said the bite was n't dangerous , that the snake must have bitten something else only a little while before and exhausted its poison sac , but lennie thought he was dying and everywhere had been the sweet summer smell of grass and the hoppers were jumping , making their eternal rickety - rickety sound and spitting tobacco juice ( ` ` spit and i 'll let you go '' had been the cry in those long - ago nebraska days ) ; good smells , good sounds , golf - course smells and sounds , and the screaming of his brother and the dry , scaly feel of the snake , looking down and seeing its flat , triangular head , its black eyes ... the snake had slithered across cap 's foot on its way back into the high grass ... back into the rough , you might say ... and the smell had been like this ... and he did n't like this place .
i glanced down at my own cle**age , modestly covered by the tobacco brown twin set i 'd worn to work over khakis .
i 'd worn the green - rimmed ones today to offset my bronze - colored jacket and tobacco brown sheath , and i took a little moment to reflect that autumn colors were really my best .
he even dug through bukolov 's pouch of tobacco .
the sweeter smell of tobacco smoke mixed in with the cordite .
inside , the lamps have been extinguished and the big stove squats dormant in the corner , unattended by the usual constellation of miners jawboning over coffee and tobacco .
he reaches into his greatcoat , pulls out a tin of star navy tobacco , and shoves a chaw between lips and gums gone blackish purple in the last year .
two years ago , this hurdy - gurdy would have been lined with whores of every make and model in threadbare peignoirs , bright stockings , some only children , others topless , a handful naked entirely , all painted up like lewd clowns , and the miners staggering drunk through the horde of dancers , the room redolent of a foul ambrosia - whiskey , sweat , and tobacco smoke com - mingling .
but the mine had pinched out , the revelers departed , though their nights in the dance hall stood memorialized in the bullet - holed walls , stains of vomit , tobacco juice , and blood on the floorboards .
ezekiel pulled off his fleece - lined gloves , took out a hip - flask tin of prince albert tobacco , set to work loading his pipe .
oatha hawked his plug of tobacco into the snow .
oatha wiped the tobacco juice from his chin with the back of his glove .
she 'd performed this trick any number of times , even derived a measure of pride from it , to the point that six years ago she 'd thrown out the piece of flint she kept in the prayer book with her papers and tobacco .
done being a saloonist , only thing she 'd ever loved , never pour a shot of rotgut in that dog hole again , never taste whiskey , feel the sting of tobacco smoke inflating her lungs , never spread mustard with the rich , never exchange corral dust with the miners , never tell another bugged - up , bandbox , mail - order cowboy he were n't shit and to take his ready - mades and get the f**k out , never scheme with another picaro .
i sipped the wine - glimmers of plum , meat , and tobacco .
in the blue dusk , there was no detail in his face , but i could tell that he stared at me strangely , the tobacco cinder glowing and fading .
the tobacco cherry waxes , and we soon catch the first waft of smoke .
dressed in camouflage , his bottom lip swollen with tobacco , i recognized the rural distrust in his eyes and smelled the wintergreen skoal .
he shook the pinch of tobacco in his hand , inserted it into the pocket between his lower teeth and gums , and licked his tongue across his bottom lip .
could n't see anything but the flare and fade of kiernan 's tobacco ember .
she smelled the tobacco on his breath , and when she palmed his chest , felt his body shaking .
four attempts to fire the tobacco sprigs hanging out of the end .
still had an inch of tobacco to go , but jack threw his cigarette into the pool .
chuck spit tobacco off his tongue .
teddy smelled pipe tobacco , and he and chuck turned at the same time , realized there was another man in the room .
i ' ve been reading in journals how tobacco might be linked to a host of terrible things . ''
he took another pull on the cigarette , noticed how sweet the tobacco tasted .
i had n't smoked in seven years , but the tobacco smelled like perfume as i lit it and the smoke that filled my lungs felt clean and pure in the frigid air .
` ` mixed in with tobacco .
` ` tobacco followed by a hit of coke , followed by tobacco , then coke , tobacco , then coke , '' i said .
` ` tobacco followed by a hit of coke , followed by tobacco , then coke , tobacco , then coke , '' i said .
` ` tobacco followed by a hit of coke , followed by tobacco , then coke , tobacco , then coke , '' i said .
she lit her cigarette and sucked back on the tobacco with an audible hiss .
he sniffed it , inhaling the tobacco scent deep into his nostrils as he leaned his head back and closed his eyes .
lionel , who 'd apparently never seen poole 's tobacco ritual before , seemed momentarily transfixed by it .
she lit a cigarette , and the match head jumped around the target several times before the tobacco ignited .
he sucked back on the cigar , and the black , torn tobacco cackled .
she pulled a stray piece of tobacco off the tip of her tongue before she spoke .
she took another hit off her cigarette , pulled another piece of tobacco off her tongue .
stuffy mcinnis sprinkled tobacco into a slip of rolling paper and gave the paper a delicate lick as he twisted the ends .
gray lifted a tobacco kernel off his tongue and gave it to the sea breeze .
they spoke of the weather and they spoke of food and they spoke of tobacco , but they never spoke of the flu or her child or the day danny had carried her to haymarket relief .
he smelled of tobacco , though luther had yet to see him smoke , and small pink veins sprouted from the corners of his eyes .
captain coughlin swung the door wide , and luther entered a study that smelled of good tobacco , a recent fi re in the hearth , and the dying autumn .
fraina pulled a piece of tobacco off his tongue and dropped it in the ashtray .
stuffy spit some tobacco into the dirt .
a match flared and the tobacco cackled and he said , ` ` inhale .
albert shrugged and pulled a speck of tobacco off his tongue , flicked it away .
he looked up at the greasy blue sky and spit a piece of tobacco off his tongue .
joe plucked a piece of tobacco off his tongue and gave it to the small breeze .
joe was sitting in the front office of his cigar export company - a fully legitimate corporation ; they lost a small fortune every year exporting superior tobacco to countries like ireland and sweden and france , where cigars had never really caught on - when irv and his daughter walked through the front door .
he poured them drinks and set them on the desk amid the frame pieces and set to work joining the pieces , the smell of the glue so strong it even overpowered the smell of tobacco in his study , something joe would have assumed impossible .
it was a bankrupt tobacco plantation , actually , just outside the village of arcenas , fifty miles farther west in the pinar del rio province .
first , he explained to joe and graciela , no one called him ilario ; they called him ciggy , which had nothing to do with tobacco .
by then , the rows of tobacco stood about four feet high .
she lit a cigarette and plucked a piece of tobacco off her tongue , gave it to the breeze .
` ` you ever cured tobacco , man ? ''
he did n't allow tomas to run in the tobacco patch any longer for fear he could lose him .
the stringers and the handers - all the baseball boys with the surgical tape on their fingers - would place a stick in the rack and begin tying the leaves to the sticks with twine until the leaf bunches hung from one end of the tobacco stick to the other .
joe stood outside the barn , watching those boys string tobacco .
the baseball field was completed the day the tobacco was moved from the barn to the pack house .
while they sorted and graded the tobacco , joe gathered the boys in the field and gave them the gloves and fresh balls and louisville sluggers that had arrived two days before .
and every evening , when the work was done and the rest of the green stems had been removed from the leaves , and the crop had been sheeted and packed , and the air smelled of the remoistened tobacco and tar , he sat on a chair beside ciggy and watched the shadows lengthen in the field , and they discussed where they 'd buy the seed for the outfield grass so it would no longer be a scrabble of dirt and loose stone out there .
on market day , their tobacco sold for the second - highest price at the warehouse , 400 sheets of tobacco , weighing an average of 275 pounds , went to a single buyer , the robert burns tobacco company , which manufactured the panatela , the new american sensation in cigars .
on market day , their tobacco sold for the second - highest price at the warehouse , 400 sheets of tobacco , weighing an average of 275 pounds , went to a single buyer , the robert burns tobacco company , which manufactured the panatela , the new american sensation in cigars .
on market day , their tobacco sold for the second - highest price at the warehouse , 400 sheets of tobacco , weighing an average of 275 pounds , went to a single buyer , the robert burns tobacco company , which manufactured the panatela , the new american sensation in cigars .
drew saw out of the corner of his eye that henley had taken out a pipe and was tamping down the tobacco in its bowl .
there were even little bitter bits of rind scattered about the place : the dense clouds of tobacco smoke emanating from various cafes and an overabundance of unfortunates begging from the church steps .
floote stopped along the way at a smal public eatery where , despite the presence of even more of the vile coffee and far too much tobacco , alexia 's opinion of the italians was greatly improved through the application of the best victuals she had ever eaten in her entire life .
nanny ogg thumbed some tobacco into her pipe and struck a match on her boot .
nanny replaced the flask and felt around in the other leg , coming up eventually with her pipe and tobacco pouch .
a few checked to see if they might be rolled for smoking tobacco , and one used a corner to pick his teeth .
no matter what anyone said , his pipe tobacco mingled with the pungent scent of blood smelled all too fresh .
no matter how long ago it had been , she could n't forget the difference between old blood and new and the way his tobacco intermingled , making her gag .
he may have been here recently ... '' ` ` i smell his tobacco . ''
he smells of pipe tobacco and cologne . ''
the scent of leather and pipe tobacco still hung heavy in the room .
it did n't smell like your usual tobacco .
sweat and tobacco .
if we can find you some chewing tobacco , you 're gold . ''
jay - z 's empire state of mind was thumping in the background and the scent of fine turkish tobacco drifted out .
when john finally whistled an assent , vishous exhaled a cloud of turkish tobacco and cleared his throat .
when he exhaled , the scent of turkish tobacco wafted leisurely down the hall .
the subtle waft of turkish tobacco in the air told him exactly where to find his target , but it was n't as if there had been any doubt .
as he rounded the corner of a short - and - squat , he hit a wall of mhis and penetrated the shit , coming out on the other side to a whiff of turkish tobacco and a tiny orange flare in the way - back of the alley .
stifled by so much , he patted his pockets for his rolling paper and tobacco ... and realized he was wearing a johnny : no merch for a smoke .
` ` i ' m out of my tobacco .
` ` sire , your tobacco , '' the butler said happily .
` ` tobacco .
chewing tobacco , '' said jackrum .
he pulled out his big clasp - knife and the rope of chewing tobacco .
jackrum popped the tobacco into his mouth .
` ` ooo , er , '' said jackrum theatrically , fishing his screwed - up paper of tobacco out of his pocket .
jackrum opened his big knife and examined the chewing tobacco as though it was the most interesting thing present .
polly wanted to knock the wretched tobacco out of the sergeant 's hand .
jackrum sawed at the tobacco .
he slewed his black tobacco from side to side .
he swaggered forward , and spat tobacco between the young sentry 's boots .
and then , to polly 's horror if not to her surprise , he brought out his paper screw of foul chewing tobacco and his blackened penknife .
never had a man cutting a wad of black tobacco been the subject of such rapt , horrified attention .
jackrum said nothing but , as polly would have predicted , pulled his crumpled bag of chewing tobacco out of his pocket .
she began , very carefully , to transfer the chewing tobacco into the new bag .
` ` oh , i dare say i sobbed a bit too , once in a while , '' said jackrum , still tucking the tobacco into the new pouch .
i 'd be a proud kid if i had a grandad who could spit tobacco juice far enough to hit a fly on the opposite wall . ''
the five we were playing with had drifted off to chew tobacco , drink more whiskey , or tearfully talk about their sweethearts back home .
she smelled warm and sweet , like iron and wood smoke and tobacco .
asked the shadowed man , pulling out his pipe and a small velvet tobacco pouch .
any assistance or tobacco products you can send will be greatly appreciated .
the cigars were the finest quality , made from my home state 's tobacco .
back into civilization , the unpaved dirt roads that smelled of dust and plants , particularly the tobacco i recognized from my native virginia .
` ` unless it 's some kind of combination perfume and tobacco factory ... '' ` ` c'm on down to the whiff and spit ; snuff it up and cough it out , '' lewis chanted , giving it a catchy rhythm .
bilious glare ; sweat and reek of tobacco ; mortals , oblivious to the nearby conflagration , reading the big glossy girlie magazines .
rich in tobacco , indigo , coffee .
carriages filed the roads , peddlers on the corners hawked everything from flowers to newspapers to tobacco , and a cacophony of languages made it impossible to pick out any distinct conversations .
floote kept her in line as well as he was able with a constant supply of chewing tobacco , scotch , and treacle tart .
apparently they were looking particularly for cigars and chewing tobacco , which was subjected to a high tariff .
bubba spat a bit of his chewing tobacco onto the pavement .
bubba spat more tobacco out .
only a handful of other customers were in there , all men , all reeking of tobacco , alcohol , or other , more highly controlled , substances .
there were costume shops and gaming shops and tobacco shops and coffee shops and irish bars and gay bars and greek cafes .
the tip flared and the acrid smell of burning paper and tobacco reached my nose nearly instantly .
` ` good oak and tobacco notes . ''
i could n't get enough of it , even if it was tinged with burned tobacco .
but instead of frying grease and spices , tobacco smoke filled the air , adding to my discomfort .
tobias turned back to face us and spit another mouthful of tobacco juice onto the porch .
the dwarf spit out another stream of dirty tobacco juice , turned on his snakeskin boot heel , and stalked back to the suv .
` ` even dawson ca n't scare off folks when they need their tobacco . ''
the way tobias dawson had spit tobacco juice on the floorboards of the country store .
tobias spit a stream of tobacco juice out of his mouth .
the dwarf frowned and spit out another stream of tobacco juice .
dawson grinned and spit out another stream of tobacco juice .
trophy wives did n't like their designer dresses to reek of tobacco .
some used simple tobacco blends , which added a spicy scent to the air .
my own grandmother liked to lace her tobacco with a little opium for an additional high .
a lingering scent of tobacco permeated the walls and carpet , but it was better than the garlicky ganja aroma we 'd surrounded ourselves with at spade 's .
` ` you mean tobacco . ''
not cigarette smoke , and not the smell of ezra 's scent and tobacco mixed .
i leaned over and stroked his lips with mine a touch hungrily , tasting spice and tobacco .
in addition to the food , santiago tossed a small sack of tobacco into the cart .
he had a pipe in his mouth and as he spoke you could hear the years of tobacco had taken a toll on his vocal chords .
she allowed him to embrace her , to settle her head on his shoulder and to feel the familiar comfort of his body , the faint scent of cloves and tobacco .
zavier moved closer and brushed her mouth with his , leaving a gentle scrape of whiskers and the musty smell of tobacco in the wake of the kiss .
the smell of cloves came with him , faintly , as it always did , along with tobacco and something else that was sebastian .
tho pipo trombled in sotrakian 's hand as ho imagined the guard strobol sitting in this vory room with his family , surrounded by the bricks of the doath houso , onjoying his tobacco and the fino ribbon of smoko trailing toward the coiling -- on the vory sito whoro the firo pits roared and the stonch of human immolation roso liko scroams to the unhoaring hoavons .
onco the doal was consummatod , including a sido transaction botwoon crows of bottlos of vodka for pouchos of rolling tobacco , drinks were poured into shot glassos .
she fishes in her bag and the next thing that flies over the seat is a crumpled - up condom with bits of tobacco stuck to its wrapper .
the weed must be mixed with a lot of tobacco because i did n't recognize the smell immediately , and i come home with my clothes reeking of it after every party .
lindsay , with her angel 's face and messy , dirty blond hair and chipped black nail polish and battered leather dooney and bourke bag that always has a film of tobacco and half - unwrapped trident original at the bottom .
and a trace of tobacco ?
on the right side of temperance , we now take our stand , we do n't use tobacco because we do think ... and here i hold out the note as well as my arms , and then conclude .
but the harder i tried , the more it all seemed to fade away , into the rain and the highway and the passing acres and acres of tobacco fields , littered with dated farm equipment and rotting old barns .
he inhaled deeply - pipe tobacco .
the houses were gone , replaced with miles of tobacco fields and an occasional weather - beaten barn .
he emptied his pipe , tapping the old tobacco over the side of the porch railing .
he was busy packing his pipe with dry leaf tobacco .
` ` your bird drinks whiskey and eats tobacco ? ''
i put the tobacco tin and the flask in my pocket with the map .
an empty flask of whiskey and a tobacco tin .
i heard thelma walk into the room , a hunk of tobacco tucked under her lip .
much later when i return , smelling i ' m sure of spilt ale and tobacco smoke and with much jingle in my purse , amy is there in her nightclothes , sprawled across my bed with a book on her chest and the lamp long since gone out .
grandpa is chewing some of his last tobacco , working it in and out of his mouth , spitting occasionally into the fire and causing a burst of green flame .
it smells like grandpa 's tobacco .
tack spits a thick wad of tobacco onto the ground and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand .
he extracts another bit of tobacco from a pouch he wears around his neck and balls it into his mouth .
once we reach the ground , the smell is thick , almost unbearable : the stink of thousands of unwashed bodies and unwashed , hungry mouths ; urine ; old fires and tobacco .
he removes his pack of tobacco , and some rolling papers , and begins again .
the van smells like mildew and tobacco and , weirdly , like peanut butter .
his breath smelled like peppermint and tobacco , and tattoos of vines and wire crept out from underneath the collar of his shirt and snaked along his neck .
sometimes when sylvie walked through certain rooms , she could still smell her grandfather - spicy , yet clean , like tobacco , and books and linen .
when i bought it , it had stunk of tobacco so i 'd rubbed ylang - ylang oil all over the inside .
he starts coughing and you can hear the terrible tobacco phlegm rattling .
but when a school tells you that , and then teaches you things like advanced encryption and fourteen different languages , it 's kind of like big tobacco telling kids not to smoke ; so all of us gallagher girls know lip service when we hear it .
( the guys from alcohol tobacco and firearms have always been kinda show - offy . )
alcohol , tobacco , firearms , and explosives had set up a mock firing range where the teachers usually sat .
but i like the smell of the pipe tobacco .
after rosalind gives her final soliloquy , it 's over , and people are going crazy , just nuts , clapping and whistling , and i ' m turning and throwing my arms around wren and then wolfgang , pressing my cheek against the broadcloth of his cotton shirt , inhaling the smoky tobacco scent mingled with flower nectar and dirt .
wolfgang takes out a packet of tobacco from a leather pouch and begins to roll a cigarette .
in some rooms persian carpets cover the floors , and in other rooms they are affixed to the walls , either to muffle sound or to absorb the scent of tobacco or opium smoke .
he smells of cedar wood and tobacco .
embracing katy deere is very much like embracing a wooden indian , the kind that stand outside tobacco shops .
chapter 27 notice all persons desirous of waterborne transport to louisville , cincinnati , st . louis , and beyond a voyage to those places will be undertaken by belle of the golden west a finely fitted - out river cruiser which will be departing shortly possessing all of the amenities including fine wines , spirits , and tobacco .
i pretend not to know what he is talking about , but tepeki - kweewa - nepi , practiced , i ' m sure , in the ways of tobacco , nudges me toward a fire laid in front of a nearby tepee , and i go over and reach in to grab the cool end of a stick that is burning at its other end .
i smell the unmistakable odor of tobacco wafting from behind me and i look over my shoulder .
my lips open and i can taste the tobacco , i can taste the wine , and i can taste him , and i moan , ` ` oh , richard ... '' and when i open my eyes again , i see that it is twelve twenty - six !
he then leans over to spit a brown stream of tobacco juice on the stage in front of me .
` ` it is to be devoutly hoped , miss , that you will not take up other disgusting habits like chewing tobacco and spitting or saying things like pshaw ! ''
he drew a pipe and pouch from his pocket and commenced to packing his bowl with tobacco as i with rising panic clawed through the contents of the sack , my memory of picking up the box from the fireplace mantel painfully distinct .
the rain dampened his tobacco as well as his spirits ; his bowl refused to stay lit .
he never touched alcohol or tobacco or any mind - altering drug .
we tarried only long enough to drop our bags and find something to eat at a smoke - clogged restaurant across the street , where men spat mouthfuls of oily tobacco juice into battered brass spittoons and eyed our eastern clothing with frank suspicion .
warthrop accepted it without a word and slid into the cab , leaving me for the briefest moment alone with the bohemian , my senses a bit overwhelmed by the intensity with which he stared down at me from so great a height , with dark , expressionless eyes and the malodorous aroma of sweat , tobacco , and stale beer that orbited his jovian mass .
the frenchman shrugged , removed a snuffbox from the pocket of his fashionable short - tailed jacket , and partook of the powdered tobacco with a noisy snort .
she was shut up in their tiny two - room flat for eighteen grueling hours each day , just one of the thousands of indentured slaves of the tobacco lords .
a narrow , poorly lit hallway ran the length of the building , its walls coated with decades of accumulated grime , the floor speckled with water stains and darker blemishes of unknown origin , perhaps urine or excrement , for the passage reeked of both - and of boiled cabbage , tobacco , wood smoke , and that peculiar funk of human desperation .
large wicker baskets filled with cut tobacco leaf were lined end to end beneath the table .
walker thought for a moment , sucking on the extinct tobacco in his bowl .
we turned a corner and came into an open - air market called a souq , a kind of bazaar where one might find practically anything - candies and curiosities ( i saw more than one vendor hawking shrunken heads ) , liquor , tobacco , coffee , and clothing - including a variety of boater hats , though we could not find one that was n't at least three sizes too big for me .
the patrons - they were all male - sat about in small groups , smoking sisha , a fruit - flavored tobacco , from ornate water pipes .
a pouch of tobacco and a weathered pipe .
it may be injected directly into the vein , or some prefer to soak tobacco in it and ingest it through a pipe .
he snarls , bringing my face up to his so i can smell the tobacco and the herring he had for breakfast on his breath .
the car smelled like old tobacco and mint , like an old man 's underwear drawer , and the sun came through the windows , and the whole state of new york seemed lit up by a special , interior glow .
he acts like it 's a joint instead of tobacco .
plus they can stay down longer than men because they do not smoke tobacco . ''
we visit a tobacco plantation , where higgins buys several boxes of the vile things - they are the very finest , miss .
` ` one of your ancestors probably hid his tobacco from his wife in it ... or ... '' obviously he had just had an idea he liked , because now he suddenly grinned .
` ` that was the tobacco he smoked in his pipe - careful ! ''
the bowl was originally used for spitting tobacco , phlegm , and other vile things , but it served a different function here .
` ` we can do this without them , '' jill told him , annoyed by milos 's absence , and further irritated by her own fleshie 's bad teeth and chewing tobacco breath .
the sweet odour of tobacco tickling my nose as he held me close and whispered the stories of our salvation and the mighty kral who lived in the grandest palace in all the land with his beautiful daughter the princezna ... how kind and gentle they were ... the reason my private world was one of innocence and endless summer .
i wanted tobacco in the air and lemonade on the tongue .
as i ran , wolfe ran with me , and we burst out through the back door ... ... only to be confronted with two of kir 's thugs , smoking tobacco and staring in confusion at the two horses tethered to a drain pipe on the next building .
hookah 's had been placed around the room , the air filling with the spiced scent of tobacco .
he was still smoking and the strong scent of tobacco filled my car and filtered into my clothes .
a wad of chewing tobacco sat lodged in his cheek .
the carpet was faded and threadbare , and the dim hallway stank of cabbage and tobacco .
it 's a corner in the back of a tobacco shop near faneuil square .
` ` well , i don ' have much time to stay here while ya change it , '' he says and then spits chewing tobacco on the road .
a country singer crooned something about his ford pickup truck in a twangy voice over the loudspeaker , and the only other customer in the store was a grizzly - looking guy with a wad of chewing tobacco in his mouth .
the smell of stale tobacco and sweat hung around him .
but i see also that some of the things for sale are not quite so harmless - i see that some of my young men , like that young rascal arthur mcbride and his friend ian mcconnaughey , right down there on the deck below me , have already used some of their money to buy certain things from the bumboats , but not fine presents for their mothers , nor the best dutch tobacco for their fathers ' pipes , nor soft cloth for their sisters to sew into pretty dresses , nay , not any of that , but instead cheap versions of gentlemen 's swords for themselves , which they now buckle about their waists .
at one point he tried to eat the tobacco right out of the wrapper , figuring it might have some nutritional value , but it only made him dry - heave .
the kid is scrawny and acne - ridden , with crooked teeth yellowed from chewing tobacco or just bad genetics .
at 2:29 a woman with more baggage under her eyes than stuffed in her cluttered car buys chips and flashes a medical tobacco license for a pack of camels .
all the chinese are very curious about the tobacco he uses , having never seen the vile weed before , and mcbride is generous in passing out captain griswold 's considerable stash of the stuff .
he inhaled the tobacco and blew out a stream of smoke , staring out over the city of detroit .
they had stood in the open doorway , waiting for the crazy old man with the big mustache to find the envelope that coraline 's mother had left , and the flat had smelled of strange foods and pipe tobacco and odd , sharp , cheesy - smelling things coraline could not name .
my pounding heart was sure of it , someone who had left as quickly as he 'd entered jack be nimble jack be quick jack jump over the candlestick and i thought i detected a whiff of tobacco smoke , faint and fading to nothing , as i pressed the heels of my hands into my eye sockets and then snapped on the lamp , squinting into its bright surge .
i ' ve got a whole raft of durham tobacco under my mattress .
the room carries a whiff of authority , of old scotch and pipe tobacco and leather - bound books , and of uncle 's own pine - scented cologne .
the woody tobacco smoke mixed in heady with the mushroomy , wet - soil scent of the park after a rain .
i wanted to ask the question right then , with the sounds of raindrops plopping off the trees , the tobacco smoke in the air , and the whole afternoon hushed and serene .
when tom tossed the tent onto the flatbed , harlan grinned through a jostle of stained teeth that alex could smell from twenty feet away : years of chewing tobacco and jim beam .
not surprisingly , there were no cigarettes or tins of chewing tobacco , but what did amaze alex was that the plastic lottery - ticket dispensers were also empty .
elated , she ducked out of the trunk , shovel in one hand and the matchbox held high in the other - and then the stink of rotted flesh cut right through the lingering aroma of stale tobacco .
it was familiar , a scent she 'd picked up before : tobacco and rotted teeth and old whiskey .
yet the smell she 'd caught in the front hall when the ladies were let in with their food trolley was the same as on the day he 'd shot tom : stale tobacco , rotten teeth , and jim beam .
he smelled like tobacco .
his sinister tobacco stained smile suggested he did n't care what i thought .
when i said i had no idea where we were , he cursed and pulled a succession of squealing u - turns , spitting arcs of tobacco juice from his window as i scanned the neighborhood for a familiar landmark .
ricky shrugged and stuck another wad of tobacco in his cheek .
` ` were you just smoking and chewing tobacco at the same time ? ''
there they found signs of recent human habitation : tobacco , dirty tin cups , a backgammon board open on the table .
everyone but the warriors left the hall , though orchidspike and magpie stayed in their places and the crows hunched in a cluster smoking the chief 's tobacco .
old eric took out his pipe and started to methodically stuff the bowl with tobacco as he continued his tale .
the heavy scent of pipe tobacco faded and old eric tapped out his pipe on the heel of his boot .
she reeked of alcohol and tobacco , faros favorite vices besides women .
one of the men kneeled down and pulled out a pouch of tobacco and cigarette papers .
but no use in throwing it away , so i put the tobacco in my mouth and chewed it , although i d never been a man to chew tobacco .
but no use in throwing it away , so i put the tobacco in my mouth and chewed it , although i d never been a man to chew tobacco .
he is a contributing author to the non - fiction anthology sports in the carolinas : from death valley to tobacco road .
the weatherman in his navy greens was chewing tobacco and spitting into a beer can , some of the putrid drool clinging to his mustache .
the guard asked sarcastically , wallowing a cud of chewing tobacco around in his jaw .
he laughed at me through those nasty tobacco chewing stained teeth and kept calling me boy and telling me i sure did nt look so cool standing there without my britches and my fancy hippy leather coat that lay on the ground in front of me .
he watched seamus tamp down the tobacco in his pipe and gaze , unseeing , to the horizon .
carl liked to chew tobacco and spit .
luke mumbled through a wad of chewing tobacco the size of a walnut .
he took a deep breath and squirted tobacco juice at a horsefly sitting on a rock at the waters edge .
now neil could smell the strong tobacco .
he tasted tobacco on his lips and coughed .
henrik had always liked the sweet smell of the admirals pipe tobacco .
he took a long puff from the warm rolled tobacco and then slowly blew two smoke rings .
on her lap was a cigarette pouch ( snuck out of anson 's knapsack , as all of his stuff was still there ) and she smoothed the curly , fibrous strands of dried tobacco leaves back and forth along the center of a thin piece of rolling paper ; sliding it between her lips and along her tongue , then out of her mouth and quickly through the flame of the small campfire until the paper hardened into a crisp , sealed cigarette .
fresh tobacco was rolled .
the tobacco lit up and henri drew in the smoke , exhaling it through her mouth and nose .
reggie noticed that the men smoked home - rolled cigarettes that looked rough , but tobacco was still in high demand and would probably continue to be one of the major cash crops for the jpif they could grow enough food to survive the next winter .
two buffalo removed a beautifully carved peace pipe from its ornately beaded pouch and packed its bowl with leaves from a tobacco plant .
everyone sank into deep leather chairs and servants offered tobacco and cognac .
he never lit the bowl and some of the family said they believed he did nt even have tobacco for it .
now , i m not suggesting any thing illegal , nothing could be farther from the truth , pa had official gun licenses from the alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives ( atfe ) people in washington .
the smell of tobacco quickly permeated the small room .
the tobacco odor was offensive , but the service was otherwise flawless .
without taking his eyes off me he spit out some of the tobacco he d collected in his mouth .
while he had temporary blindness , i turned my knife around i smacked him with the handle clear in the jaw allowing all the tobacco in his mouth to be spattered all over my lovely face .
drenched in black saliva with chewed up bits of tobacco stuck to my face , i fainted from disgust and landed on his furry beard as atticus and alita rushed up to my aid .
are you sure you do nt need a new pinch of tobacco to help spice it up ?
i slowly put on my battle gear and wrapped a scarf around my face -- i did nt want another face full of chewing tobacco .
he tamped down the tobacco , his coat opening to reveal an iron maiden t - shirt beneath .
with his other hand he pulled his pipe from his jacket once again and began packing it with tobacco .
archie looked up and saw the menacing outline of his father , surrounded by a cloud of tobacco smoke as he stepped out of shadows into the spotlight .
the entire room reeked of kerosene and tobacco smoke .
flour , sugar , cornmeal , coffee , tea , tobacco along with some molasses and wheel of hard cheese .
reaching far into the back , he pulled out a small wooden tobacco box , carefully opening the lid .
he got up from his seat at the table , ran to the small cupboard beneath the counter , reached far back and retrieved his wooden tobacco box .
the hunter in the rear carried other items that may be needed such as sinews for tying , tobacco for spiritual and pleasurable uses .
he took some tobacco and put it in the bears nostrils to appease the bears spirit and apologize for killing him .
he took tobacco out of his pouch and put it in the nose of the old man .
he put in it a special tobacco and lit it by a stick that he picked up out of the fire .
the tobacco had an intoxicating effect .
they formed a line and walked by five toes ; each one sprinkled him with tobacco .
everything tasted new and surprising , as if i were enjoying coffee and tobacco for the first time in my life .
gazing into my tobacco fumes , i theorized that the reason for this was that the more beautiful a woman was , the more romantic options she had .
a friendly cloud of tobacco smoke whirled above us into the slipstream , and kens attitude warmed .
he was finding out if you had dope mixed in with the tobacco , floyd replied .
but then i stopped to buy a cigar at a tobacco shop .
they would gorge themselves on candy floss and stand at the machines for hours , feet welded to the sticky floor , the smell of cigarette smoke in their nostrils from uncle jim 's rolling tobacco .
claire led the way through the perfume isles and round the tobacco and alcohol lanes .
in fiddlers greens your pipe never runs out of tobacco , your whiskey never runs dry , and there is a fiddle always playing a melody to dance too , oh , said aunt nanzy , well i m pirate enough to get there , right boss ?
the door opened on a kitchen punctuated by half a dozen different scents -- the strongest of which , cinnamon , hung in the air like whispered promises of apple pies underscored by the stale scent of ancient tobacco , long spent .
he fished a stone - bowled pipe from his carrying net , packed it with tobacco , and lit up .
pestibaba , he said , motioning to a small antelope - horn tobacco container .
but i must admit , the spanish tobacco is better than ours .
he drew deeply on the pipe and winced at the bitterness of the tobacco .
he went in , his eyes adjusted to the darkness , and he caught the friendly odor of tobacco .
he dug a clay pipe out of his coat and packed it with tobacco .
protecting it with his cupped hand , he struck a lucifer and drew until the tobacco took .
tobacco smoke hung beneath the ceiling from pipes and cigars , and wisps of black smoke rose from whale - oil lamps backed by tin sconces that lined the adobe walls .
the chumash and yokuts used pestibaba , a strong native tobacco , and toloche ( jimson weed ) , a highly toxic plant , for their religious ceremonies .
the second rider did nt respond at first , but pulled a wooden pipe from the pocket of his long brown greatcoat , casually filling it with tobacco .
he replaced the pipe in his mouth , and took another puff , the tobacco glowing dully .
montrose reached into his pocket and pulled out some tobacco , then began filling his pipe with it .
i feared he might choke on his tobacco .
his breath smelled of chewing tobacco .
one of the teenagers asked indicating the all - night shop located next to the hard - rock club which catered to the selling of all things tobacco related .
hadlik had chewed on the end of his cigarillo to the point that tobacco leaves had gotten stuck between his teeth .
george took out a slip of paper and a pouch of tobacco before expertly rolling a cigarette between his fingers .
i wish , however , to tell you that presently there are no less than 23 tenants in the land and they are harvesting or about to harvest their tobacco crops .
she could smell his clean cotton shirt and a trace of tobacco smoke .
she gave birth to a beautiful dark haired dark eyed baby girl within a month of arriving on their tobacco plantation in south carolina .
if a privateer is coming from the americas , think of the goods she might have , sugar , tobacco , things that will really fetch a price .
his familiar smell of tobacco filled her nose .
he offered me some tobacco from a little round can and i shook my head no emphatically .
before he left , he found the tobacco tin where his pa kept his cash money .
the next morning the other boy was gone , with willy boys tobacco can of money and his fathers rifle .
visions of nightly dances and intellectual debates , smoky cafs , green - tinged cocktails , the haze of tobacco smoke , sax notes , all swam tantalizingly in front of my mind .
the farm dealt predominantly in tobacco and we toured the various sheds where the cut crop was graded , dried , baled , and stored before it went off to the auction house .
the sweet smell of wood smoke mingled with the equally sweet smell of drying tobacco , giving the place a pleasant aura and we passed the time away chatting and walking , smiling at the workers who scurried around completing their chores .
this is such a prosperous country , she said , the farms are well run and the tobacco trading floors are the biggest in the world , turning over one million kilos a day .
lex icon took a break from flexing his pecs long enough to ask , ` ` did n't he also write cheroots of the gods , explaining how tobacco was brought here by aliens from outer space ? ''
or maybe it was just the reek of his pipe tobacco .
the gaunt - faced grappler would do the old life - size - dummy - in - the - bed trick using straw , a knapsack , and his baseball cap ; then he 'd burrow out the back of the hut , locate erik by the smell of his pipe tobacco , and sneak him out under cover of darkness .
he appeared to be chewing tobacco .
johnny bear slayer reached into a pocket and produced some chewing tobacco .
johnny bear slayer spat some tobacco juice .
johnny bear slayer bit off some chew tobacco then spat .
i smell tobacco , an old voice said , if you could spare a cigarette i d sure appreciate it .
freddy dragged deeply on the tobacco and held the smoke in his lungs for a long time .
they have tobacco !
i said , now that s a strong tobacco !
yes , tobacco , i answered .
like burning tobacco from a pipe .
when i was a boy , he said , my father told me that if i ever smelled tobacco smoke , and there was nt nobody smoking , then it was a sure sign that evil was nearby .
there was a local legend , come down from the nanticokes that used to have their villages around here , that the smell of burning tobacco was the way the good spirits kept the evil ones away .
there s mention of a tobacco dock here in the early days but the loading place was moved to the terment family plantation on the other side of allingham island .
its a pipestem , part of an old clay tobacco pipe .
you see , pastor , there was a fellow named binford who developed a formula for archeologists to date tobacco pipes .
maybe that tobacco smoke i smelled came from this pipe .
long before the europeans came to plant tobacco , the place on the mainland where the bridge to the island begins was where the tribes from the north would meet to trade with the nanticoke .
to the right are pilings where in colonial days the tobacco ships used to land for cargos of island tobacco .
to the right are pilings where in colonial days the tobacco ships used to land for cargos of island tobacco .
the big tobacco farms were managed by overseers who worked for european absentee owners .
he laughed about his lungs , said they were payback for the original family fortune made in growing tobacco .
the slaves would roll the great tobacco hogsheads on this road down to the riverbank to load into the cargo ships for the convoys to england .
your father , she said , told me that the terments had to change the loading place for their tobacco .
suddenly frank smelled burning tobacco and looked behind him expecting to see someone standing there with a pipe or cigar .
he looked around again , remembering what the pastor had said about the tobacco legend .
that tobacco smell .
is that why your family changed the place where they loaded their tobacco , because they wanted to hide this place ?
mr . miller took out his tobacco pouch and grabbed his pipe off the table .
as he stood up she saw he had a pipe and a pouch of tobacco .
last time i give you any money , homer fumed as he grabbed a bag of chewing tobacco and a new felt hat for himself .
after they cleaned up from their meal , homer sat by the fire , stirring the ashes with a stick and chewing on a mouthful of tobacco .
after a full stomach and a mouth full of chewing tobacco , homer decided to walk the town and spend some time in a saloon .
she climbed up to look inside and found everything in disarray with homer chewing on his tobacco .
she was afraid he would get his muddy boots on her blanket , or worse , his tobacco .
matthew looked on , feeling a mixture of joy and disgust , as the contents sloshed from the spittoon , covering the boys with a pungent , syrupy , brown coating of spit and tobacco juice .
her breath was hot and smelled of stale coffee and tobacco as it blew across his face .
rookie , lonnie - paul penprase smiles , revealing an imposing tobacco wad stuffed in between the lower bottom jaw as if it were something out of a bald eagles nest .
sounds like a real winner you got for a boss , there , commented dave as he spit some tobacco juice out on the road and climbed back in the saddle .
leading the array was the sickly sweet scent of bhang , followed up by the fug of black shag tobacco , the organic corruption of dung , and surprisingly , old spice aftershave , all of which contributed to the miasma .
that faint rotten fish , tobacco , and tainted sweat scent .
unks pulls his pipe out and packs it with tobacco .
at this point hawk did something that hank would later consider to be profoundly important - he bit on a piece of chewing tobacco , hawked loudly , and spat .
hawk paused , bit on a piece of chewing tobacco and , spitting lanquidly , theorized , you mark my words , my man , this siege will be over by christmas .
the alamo davy crockett leaned out over the wall and spat a load of tobacco , as if making a social statement regarding his enemies , spect it wo nt be long now , boys , he said , to no one in particular .
tourist hut : most of the accommodation is in the form of thatched huts ( ` ` rondavels '' ) with air conditioning and all the mod - cons veld : bush , wilderness zol : home - rolled equivalent of a cigarette , usually consisting of pungent coarse tobacco , brown paper and saliva sasquatch synonyms : bigfoot ( north america ) , yeti ( himalayas and arctic ) , jungle man ( vietnam ) , man beast ( panama ) , waterbobbejaan ( ' water - baboon ' : africa ) , moehau ( new zealand ) all apes are quadrupeds .
it smelled of leather and tobacco and was very large .
matts grip tightened , and his tobacco tinged laugh filled her eyes .
morales leaned closer , and julie could smell the faint trace of tobacco on her breath .
` ` he smelt of tobacco and had massive hands that were all cracked .
pieces of thread bare and decaying clothing were strewn about and an empty chewing tobacco wrapper was shoved into a crack in the rocks .
its a job for atf ( alcohol , tobacco and firearms ) and the dea ( drug enforcement agency ) .
kyle said , burning the hash with a lighter and sprinkling it over the tobacco .
chapter 1 not only did the tobacco land kid energize the children on this hot , dusty playground , but also , away from his job , he kept people dazzled with his rock - hard charm , rock - hard sociability , rock - hard word of honor , and his magnetism .
most of all , he treasured the land which grew chest - high tobacco .
from behind an old tobacco barn , his devoted sidekick spiffy appeared , wearing a purple shirt and yellow pants .
they nicknamed me the tobacco land kid .
warren made a simple statement : for the tobacco land kid to carry her would be tantamount to a big - league baseball player carrying a young boy to the stadium .
so you are the tobacco land kid .
does the famous tobacco land kid have an empty scrotum ?
if i win , people say the tobacco land kid took advantage of a young girl .
are nt you the tobacco land kid ?
he s the tobacco land kid .
after three hours and six rest stops on the south side of large rocks and trees , the party reached the car exhausted and snow - caked from the knees down , weaker than rotten tobacco string , they sprawled alongside the vehicle for five minutes .
samantha shuddered , her jaw plunging , you are the tobacco land kid .
sure wolfgang , communicating with you troubles me little , because they named me the tobacco land kid .
though as fat as a bear with a backside the size of a tobacco barn door , she had a narrow face resembling a chickens .
i m the tobacco land kid .
many years before , the area served a family farm to house and cure tobacco .
beside the structure lay a sprawled tin roof , which covered the skeleton of a tobacco looping shelter .
once the tobacco comes into order , they hand pass the sticks through a trap door in the floor to the upstairs workers , who remove the leaves from the sticks and tie the vegetation into bundles .
mr . hendricks , you re the one they refer to as the tobacco land kid , correct ?
who else but the tobacco land kid would perform the task you did for a sick girl ?
the teenagers used to use an old tobacco path , which leads off the main route for a lovers lane .
walk up to the senators door and say , i m the tobacco land kid , i m preparing to help a sick native american girl fulfill her lifetime dream when she bags an adult wild turkey tom .
i m the tobacco land kid , and i m preparing to help a sick native american girl fulfill her lifetime dream when she bags an adult wild turkey tom .
chapter 25 the path to the complex of tobacco fields , not long before abandoned , wound down to the bottom where a five - acre rock - strewn area lay .
dear mother beat me raw with a tobacco stick .
for now , the tobacco land kid beat the odds , and more importantly , the road ended for a serial killer .
you re the tobacco land kid , correct ?
hollis fumbled with his pipe , loading it with tobacco .
his breath reeked of tobacco .
his beard appeared to have received the same treatment as although it was naturally grey and white , it had turned brown around his lips like a tobacco chewers whiskers .
plus bongs that you 're technically supposed to refer to as smoking pipes with the illusion that you 're using them as a novel way of smoking tobacco .
i could remember every other detail about them the meaty handshakes , the faint smell of chewing tobacco , the cabelas flannel jackets and laconic voices , roughened by cigarettes with a touch of ranchland drawl .
no hanging boogers or stained tobacco teeth ... , chuckles .
by the year 1620 virginia tobacco was king and george was queen , chuckles .
the room smelled of tobacco smoke since it was a useful aroma over the continuous unbearable vomit and feces of the chained slaves .
he knew dominick hated tobacco smoke .
ronnie smoked the last grain of tobacco above the filter and then flicked the second cigarette out into the grass .
one of them , a fair haired man with calloused hands who stank of tobacco , glanced at carver .
lost in a sea of smoky haze from a myriad of torches and tobacco .
the aroma of the burning dried tobacco made her think of jimmy .
upholstered in tobacco colored leather and accented in dark woods , the gulfstream iv embodied luxury .
elodie carefully crumbled the hash evenly onto the shredded tobacco , licked the papers and rolled it all into a neat , conical tube .
paul blinked for a moment as his eyes grew accustomed to the light from the single bare bulb that hung from the ceiling , smelling the stale odor of wet dog and tobacco .
the tobacco was rough on his throat as he inhaled but the taste was not unpleasant .
when they reached the yellow renault 4 , paul squeezed into the passenger seat , kicking the collection of empty drinks cartons and tobacco packets aside .
he would supply a taste of whiskey before and you would supply the tobacco afterwards .
his nose was red and when eliza got out of the smelly van , she got a whiff of sam the doormans odor which was a pleasant smell of winter snow , expensive tobacco , jacket and cologne .
get the hell away from here kids , you know the rules , why do you kids push push push ,   he asked , spitting out some tobacco from his well smoked , well chewed cigar .
gisbo breathed deeply and smelled tobacco leaves .
after slapping the top several times on his palm to compress the loose tobacco , he opens it , and taps out the sprout of a new cigarette .
in fact , it was a shroud of tobacco smoke layered over a dense fog of ancillary emissions from a poorly vented chimney , various candles and oil lanterns , and moistened by the not - so - sweet breath of too many souls in such a wee ` ` chapel . ''
since he did n't smoke roll - up tobacco , and i 'd often be out of cigarettes , i 'd have to ask him for one , to roll a joint , and he would say : ` ` for heaven 's sake , have n't you even got a bloody packet of cigarettes ?
otherwise , alcohol and tobacco products are n't allowed inside of the reservation .
he took the cigarette from tys hand and stuck the tobacco end onto his tongue .
and donny would smoke cigarettes he rolled from the unsmoked tobacco he collected from butt trays outside stores , jake continued .
kirkwood stepped out of his single room , taking a pouch of chewing tobacco out of is back pocket .
the pouch of tobacco came back out and the half used dip was sloppily placed back inside .
anger rushed through ipid at the thought of this man smoking his tobacco in his pipe .
captain hobbleswood pulled a pipe from his green officers jacket , stuffed it with tobacco , and used a stick from the fire to get it going .
different spans of aging plasteryellowed by the continued haze of tobacco smokecovered the walls patchily like the skin of some leprous ghoul .
kervin peered out of the dusty window again , chewing on some tobacco .
feldorian tobacco from the nimgor peninsula , hunor guessed , but intermingled with pipe weed from the stormy scattered isles .
i got the impression that the pouch must contain some kind of magical paraphernalia , but he opened it and tipped a mountain of tobacco onto the desks surface .
i said , watching as he started to sift through the tobacco with his fingertips , separating larger chunks into a second pile .
satisfied that his tobacco was now sorted , he reached down and took a second pouch from the drawer .
from this he extracted a pinch of new tobacco that was sprinkled onto the original pile .
it was not the first time i had seen a person handling his or her own tobacco , but the methodical way in which he went about it seemed misplaced .
the tobacco thing was part of it ?
no , he said , the tobacco thing is my primary crutch .
he reached into his jacket and i expected another roll of cash , but instead the bag of tobacco emerged .
uh huh , he continued to study me , then reached into a jacket pocket and drew out the recognisable pouch of tobacco .
there s a reason for your tobacco rolling ritual .
then eyes never leaving my face , he placed down the cards and drew out his pouch of tobacco .
and based on the feverish intensity with which he handled his tobacco i guessed time was running short .
men sat , sleeping , eating , drinking pilfered wine , smoking tobacco , surrounded by stolen goods , stripped from the city they were breaking .
he yawned , thinking about his cot , his scotch , and his pipe tobacco , gone mouldy in the humidity .
sitting in a club , slowly becoming lost to history in a cloud of tobacco smoke ; no , macconnach could no more imagine that than he could imagine himself doing it .
any tobacco leaves that have fallen out of the severed limb are counted against the participant .
the smell of tobacco wafted in the air as i climbed out .
as she pulled the large glass door open to the aging establishment and stepped inside , she was hit with the smell of tobacco smoke and saw its fog hanging low over the semi dark gambling area .
it did nt take me long to walk into town and find secrets , which had actually been a tobacco shop before .
' i do n't suppose anyone 's got any spare tobacco ? '
' my diary seems to be quite clear at the moment , with the exception of , let me think , ' today - 7st 6lbs - alcohol units ; nowhere near enough - pipes of tar - ridden tobacco ; ditto - calories - ditto once again - managed to get entangled with the biggest bunch of lunatics ever assembled in one single place and subsequently abducted by a man who is as big as his intellect is small- '' he realised that everybody was looking at him with completely blank faces , even annabel .
anyx reached into his scrip in which currently resided his empty tobacco tin , a spare pair of under garments , a little something he had acquired at the griffin when cleat had been looking the other way , and a tiny pouch , which was what he now produced .
not tobacco .
the smell of tobacco and marijuana stung her nose and made her eyes water .
a huge crowd had gathered to watch as bedlam and his buccaneers roared their battle cry , spat tobacco indiscriminately and brandished their newly - sharpened toenails .
the floor and walls are covered in soot and there is lingering odor of tobacco in the air .
when the traders left our village , we sent things with them for atlatla : good valley tobacco and darts from my father , warm clothing from my mother , and from me a small sandal i made , to show him i was seeking a strong path .
his brother sat across the table from him and set a pouch of tobacco on the table , it was a little sacrifice for the fires , and then he leaned forward and quietly whispered a question into our lineage - fathers ear .
they stopped eating chilis and set aside their tobacco pipes , they stopped visiting their wives and children .
he took gifts of tobacco and chilis , and he and the storyteller spoke all morning .
when we were not walking the storytellers path kaakik liked to sit and watch the hearth fire burn , and like my father he enjoyed smoking his reeking tobacco at the end of the day .
he handed me a long , thin bird bone with tobacco stains on one end .
into these he inserted shreds of torn tobacco , i do not know what kind that was .
my father 's older brother grows twenty kinds of tobacco in his milpa , and i think only he knows them all .
kaakik showed me how to take a burning twig from the fire and light the tobacco within the bone tube , and then we smoked .
my father said , be careful of that tobacco .
that evening , after his wife made our dinner , kaakik smoked a great amount of strong tobacco , until his eyes were glazed .
when i returned to the storytellers hut , kaakik was sitting near the fire , watching the flames and smoking mild tobacco .
that night i smoked strong tobacco with kaakik , to drive away the whispers .
his strong tobacco was good for my aching heart , because it suffocated the heart worms invited by jealousy .
that evening i smoked many wads of tobacco in the storytellers hut .
so much tobacco i smoked that kaakik set aside his own bird - bone pipe and said , there must be a woman .
the strong tobacco suffocated my thoughts and took me away from all pains , all worries , all fears .
since kumku is the driest time of the year , it was strange for someone to see a chicchan , and everyone knew the farmer had been drinking too much cactus wine or smoking too much strong tobacco .
traders visited from xunich and chacwitz , they came with stacks of dried tobacco leaves and bundles of herbs and the well - tanned hides of rabbits and raccoons , margays and jaguarundis and pumas .
and in truth his hut shook , wood dust and flecks of tobacco floated down in little clouds , and the masks jittered on the walls so that all the faces seemed to be speaking with each other .
i smoked powerful tobacco to smother these dreams , but even when i smoked myself sick and kaakik had to take my pipe away the dreams were waiting , they were always clear .
we were smoking smooth tobacco and talking about the storytellers path .
the storytellers hut was where i hid myself against these looks , i smoked tobacco and more tobacco from the end of the dead birds leg .
the storytellers hut was where i hid myself against these looks , i smoked tobacco and more tobacco from the end of the dead birds leg .
there were sacrifices of turkeys and liquor and tobacco , tiny stone carvings and copal incense were sacrificed to bless the house and invite our ancestors into the new place .
kaakik stopped speaking then and smoked a great deal of tobacco , into his pipe he stuffed more and more harsh wads , and his eyes glazed from the old pain of being denied this other path .
then i turned to ask him if he wanted a little tobacco , for kaakik always has much from his lineage .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
there were fifty small pouches of tobacco : smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged - headed tobacco , tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women .
my uncle smells of man - sweat ; it is the smell of work in the fields and tobacco smoked in the mat house and during howler monkey discussions , and maybe the scent of his wife .
fathers carved fine bone flutes and tobacco pipes , and mothers made headdresses with bright feathers and arm bands of beautiful hide .
all other foods were set aside , spices were abandoned , there was no honey , there was no tobacco .
during these days kaakik made much grumbling and entertained himself by pretending to smoke his bird - bone pipe and tossing his pouches of tobacco into the air and watching them fall into their basket .
now there were stories told , and tobacco smoked , and amusing animal - dances were performed by some of the boys .
now , i do nt want you to worry about this , were his words to me , as we smoked some smooth tobacco .
he tapped old tobacco out of his pipe and put fresh tobacco in , he nodded to encourage both of us .
he tapped old tobacco out of his pipe and put fresh tobacco in , he nodded to encourage both of us .
she ate with us and smoked with us a little , there is gentle tobacco for women , and we did not smoke our mens tobacco when she was there .
she ate with us and smoked with us a little , there is gentle tobacco for women , and we did not smoke our mens tobacco when she was there .
removing the tobacco stick and exhaling a blue - tinted cloud of smoke , the woman asked , ` ` you ella ? ''
the strange woman dropped her tobacco stick , inspiring awe in ella as it vanished before it hit the floor .
reaching into her jacket , leona removed another tobacco stick , tapping the end on her wrist .
placing it into her mouth , leona snapped her fingers and the tobacco stick end began glowing .
the place is terrible for mental health but in purely physical terms its fairly salubrious , despite the lack of fresh air , what with the ban on tobacco and alcohol and absolutely no temptation to overeat .
the scent of tobacco and whiskey filled the alleyway .
master crag sauntered in , chewing tobacco .
master crag sauntered in , chewing tobacco , brand new , towering , quadruple - brimmed hat adorned with pink feathers teetered on his head .
the stench of body odor and tobacco wafted through the air .
mole - nose spat a wad of tobacco onto the cobblestones .
his breath stunk of an odious concoction of fish , liver , tobacco , and fire - brandy .
this usually means they avoid selling destructive products and services such as alcoholic beverages , tobacco , gambling , violent entertainment ( such as extremely violent video games or extremely violent movies ) or things that are sexually explicit in any way or support the adult entertainment industry through pornography etc .
it did nt smell anything like tobacco smoke , leena said loudly as the wind swept through her hair from the speed of the cart .
most of us are too young to realize that the popularity of miserable promiscuity now is like the popularity that tobacco was years ago .
smoking was known to be hazardous to ones health back when tobacco first became popular , but the health hazards were rarely talked about so that people could think they were acting cool by destroying their own health .
the tobacco industry , just like friends who want you to do some miserable act with them , often ignore the potentially fatal consequences that can come to the person being abused by the activity .
the tobacco industry has often brushed over the fatal consequences of the unique form of abuse to the body that tobacco use brings .
the tobacco industry has often brushed over the fatal consequences of the unique form of abuse to the body that tobacco use brings .
tv , magazines , miserably explicit music and videos - all forms of media are like tobacco products in that they also focus more on the lie that it 's cool to be miserably promiscuous while rarely discussing the heartbreaking facts of the negative consequences , the pain and suffering people experience by trying to follow the bad examples shown on tv with famous actors , and in the music industry with various singers and in magazines and movies .
ads that show or otherwise encourage risky miserable behavior are a lot like second hand smoke of tobacco is .
and just like the pushers of tobacco , those who want you to do something miserable with them too often do n't care about what might happen to you but if they think they ca n't get any sex from you until they lie to you by telling you they love you , they 'll do it if that 's what it takes to get you to give in .
so just like the music industry , the movie industry , fashion magazines , tv , radio , tobacco , alcohol and drug industry , giving into peer pressure is often like joining a gang .
it was nt the kind of smoke that was spawned from a tobacco pipe , it was a far fouler smoke .
like the smoke from a giants tobacco pipe the mist consumed all before him .
he paused briefly to fish some tobacco and paper out of his pockets , you want my men to tell the enemy to hang about for a bit in the middle of fighting ?
claire ran alongside and popped her cigarette into her mouth , taking a drag , letting out a cloud of burned tobacco .
when he untied the drawstrings then peered inside , he discovered that it contained the dried and shredded leaves of the tobacco plant .
fastillion had never smoked tobacco , but he knew that it imparted pleasurable slightly euphoric feelings that were not as intense as the consumption of certain mushrooms , which was only slightly less common a practice .
he put the tobacco outside the entrance with the other recovered items then delved in for more , as he was intent on seeing the back of the cave .
he pointed out the lantern , the bag of tobacco , and the gaff ; all of which she picked up obediently .
he opened it , but the pipe that was inside was all soaked with water , as well as the tobacco .
dagger reached back the wall and pulled out a brick , looser than the others , making appear a pipe and some tobacco .
dagger stealthily looked at olem , intent to charge his ivory pipe with tobacco as he sat next to moak .
kugar kept on staring at the purple balls of light , while olem stopped loading the tobacco into his pipe .
oh , and i know i smell like a walking tobacco advertisement .
once the rice throwing had finished both families exchange gifts of betel leaf , betel nuts , betel chalk , and tobacco .
a moment later he plucked a bit of tobacco from his own sculpted lip .
the man 's breath was nauseating - an odd mix of tobacco , liver , and booze .
the ruffian 's breath stunk of a concoction of sardines , onion , tobacco , and salt - whiskey .
amy 's nose wrinkled at the appalling stench of tobacco , liquor , and the residue of perfume .
he quickly applied them to the waterpipe , the rich scent of flavoured tobacco filling the air almost instantly as the water burbled inside its vase .
our needs sated , we could take things we wanted : brandy , tobacco ... ' and yet no one thought to trade for pants , lenk thought sourly .
the journey back , when the human cargo had been exchanged for cotton and tobacco , was a peaceful time and a happy one for the captain and his new bride , who were as two lovebirds or courting butterflies , unable to cease from touching each other or giving each other little gifts and endearments .
the sea - maiden landed at norfolk in virginia , and essie 's indenture was bought by a ` ` small planter , '' a tobacco farmer named john richardson , for his wife had died of the childbirth fever a week after giving birth to his daughter , and he had need of a wet nurse and a maid of all work upon his smallholding .
the widow richardson was left the farm to manage until richardson 's two children were of age : she managed the indentured servants and the slaves , and brought in the tobacco crop , year in , year out ; she poured cider on the roots of the apple trees on new year 's eve , and placed a loaf of new - baked bread in the fields at harvest time , and she always left a saucer of milk at the back door .
it had almost a quarter of a million miles on the clock , and smelled faintly of bourbon , tobacco , and more strongly of something that might well have been bananas .
he took out a tobacco pouch and papers from the pocket of his ' denim jacket and began to roll himself another cigarette .
shadow could smell tobacco and stale beer and whiskey - sweat .
the car smelled of leather and old cigarette smoke - not a fresh smell , but as if enough people had smoked enough cigarettes and cigars in the car over the years that the smell of burning tobacco had become part of the fabric of the car .
an ordinance prohibiting expectoration on sidewalks and on the floors of public buildings , or throwing thereon tobacco in any form was introduced and passed , eight to four , in december of 1876 .
czernobog picked at a flake of tobacco from between his teeth and spat it out onto the frozen slush .
the vw bus smelled of patchouli , of old incense and rolling tobacco .
the harsh turkish tobacco is like claws raking across the inside of my lungs , but the hit to the nicotine pleasure centers outweighs the discomfort and the theoretical lung cancer .
he 's the one who taught me to like the strong tobacco back when we were housemates at cambridge .
she heard screaming , smelled man - breath that carried traces of tobacco and a breakfast of gruel , bread , and pulses .
the fabric is redolent with the smell of tobacco and his aftershave .
no tobacco .
he always smelled of pipe tobacco and old spice , and he used to sing in the shower , silly songs he made up as he went along .
little bits of tobacco drippled down over his pants .
people did n't smoke ( tobacco would n't be introduced to our part of the world for nearly another thousand years ) or eat unhealthy food .
he 's defending an insurance company against a class - action suit on denial of claims ... a tobacco company ... some rich billionaire with tax problems - not the donald ... '' she paused , backed up , and eased a file out of the middle of the drawer .
i leaned a little into his body and was overcome by his smell of fresh ocean and pipe tobacco and the immediate urge to sleep .
papers were flying everywhere , caught in a dirty breeze that rolled in from an open window , a breeze that did nothing to clear the thick haze of tobacco and pot smoke that hung in the air like a mass of thunderheads .
he watched me for a few moments and his closeness brought about the smell of pipe tobacco that he kept rolled up in his shirt pocket , the tobacco i never saw him smoke .
he watched me for a few moments and his closeness brought about the smell of pipe tobacco that he kept rolled up in his shirt pocket , the tobacco i never saw him smoke .
he still smelled like that sweet pipe tobacco , a scent i would forever associate with weakening knees .
` ` it 's good tobacco , '' he said .
there was old tobacco in it , and boiled - up roots , and bark scrapings , and herbs that even magrat had never heard of .
' well , now , there 's a thing , ' cohen said , feeling for his tobacco pouch .
the implacable law of verages therefore dictated that some of that tobacco had been smoked almost continuously for many years now .
he fumbled down beside his cushion and produced a little leather bag of tobacco and a pipe the size of an incinerator .
with all the skill of a terminal nicotine addict he rubbed a nut of tobacco between his hands and tamped it into the bowl .
cohen produced a big yellow match from somewhere in his tobacco bag , looked at wert for a moment , and with great deliberation struck the match on his fossilised nose .
medium dave 's fingers tucked the tobacco into the paper and raised it to his lips .
chickenwire took the bag of tobacco and relaxed .
' sarah the little match girl , doorway of thimble 's pipe and tobacco shop , money trap lane , it says here . '
ridcully pulled open a drawer in his hat and extracted his pipe and a pouch of herbal tobacco .
i buy my tobacco there !
vimes raised his head cautiously and spat out sand and fragments of tobacco .
' has anyone got any tobacco ? '
' er ... well , both tobacco and cork are naturally occurring vegetable products , ' quavered the chair of indefinite studies .
he pulled a pinch of tobacco and , while the ting loomed over him , began to roll a cigarette .
with great and patient and infuriating delicacy , like a samurai arranging flowers , lu - tze marshalled the shreds of tobacco in the flimsy cigarette paper .
` ` sort of hard to do that , '' said boy willie , pulling out a pipe and beginning to fill it with tobacco , ` ` when your head 's nailed to a tree . ''
it had the tobacco factors and the candlemakers and most of the fruit and vegetable warehouses and the grain and flour stores .
and then think of the horses dragging this stuff , and the windmills ... and the wool coming in , too , every day , the cloth , the tobacco , the spices , the ore , the timber , the cheese , the coal , the fat , the tallow , the hay every damn day .. .
this particular man was counting bales of tobacco and would have succeeded but for the interruption .
` ` you mean tobacco threadworm ? ''
cutangle patted at various bits of his robe until he located a tarry bag of tobacco and a roll of paper .
cutangle sucked on the tobacco , had a ritual cough and settled back , the glowing end of the rollup the only light in the dim corridor .
cutangle opened his mouth to point out very courteously that tobacco was a habit reserved for wizards , but thought better of it .
he extended the tobacco pouch towards granny .
he seized the hem of his robe and wrung it out wretchedly , then he reached for his tobacco pouch .
cutangle 's hands strayed towards his tobacco pocket .
said granny , so that cutangle 's half - rolled homemade shot out of his nerveless fingers in a shower of tobacco .
next day the baron technically did give granny aching gold , but it was only the gold - colored foil on an ounce of jolly sailor , the cheap and horrible pipe tobacco that was the only one granny aching would ever smoke .
and it was said that some of the shepherds , if wolves were troublesome in the winter , or a prize ewe had got lost , would go to the site of the old hut in the hills and leave an ounce of jolly sailor tobacco , just in case ... . tiffany hesitated .
she 'd heard one of her uncles say that if you looked at the tobacco label upside down , then part of the hat and the sailor 's ear and a bit of his collar made up a picture of a woman with no clothes on , but tiffany had never been able to make it out and could n't see what the point would be in any case .
granny aching smelled of sheep , turpentine , and jolly sailor tobacco .
` ` you take the tobacco ?
the tobacco the shepherds leave for ... my grandmother ? ''
in memory of granny aching , the men left the tobacco .
she 'd unwrapped the tobacco , and looked at the wrapper , and then looked at tiffany with that slightly puzzled look she used , and said : ` ` i must ' ve looked at a thousand o ' these things , and i never once saw his bo - ut . ''
tiffany pulled her hand out of her apron pocket and looked at the crumpled wrapper of jolly sailor tobacco .
the silence smelled of sheep , and turpentine , and tobacco .
there was a gust of jolly sailor tobacco , and sheep , and turpentine .
` ` jolly sailor tobacco ? ''
said tiffany , but her second thoughs added : remember how rarely granny aching ever had to buy her own tobacco ?
and she was sure she caught a whiff of tobacco .
sheep 's wool , jolly sailor tobacco and turpentine ... ... ... ... had been the smells of the shepherding hut , and the smell of granny aching .
there was also a blue - and - yellow wrapper from an old packet of jolly sailor tobacco , and a buzzard feather , and an ancient flint arrowhead wrapped up carefully in a piece of sheep 's wool .
you seldom saw her in the village unless the pedlar who sold jolly sailor tobacco was late on his rounds , in which case she 'd be down in a hurry and a flurry of greasy black skirts to cadge a pipeful off one of the old men .
inside , the walls were covered with the yellow and blue wrappers from hundreds of packets of jolly sailor tobacco .
sheep 's wool , turpentine and jolly sailor tobacco . '
' now pick up that wool , and the tobacco , and the turpentine , understand ?
it was n't long before the smells of sheep 's wool , turpentine and tobacco rose and twined and filled the air ... tiffany 's nose twitched .
the smell of sheep 's wool , turpentine and jolly sailor tobacco could carry a mind away , all the way to a silent place that was warm and safe and free from harm ...
if you would care to look , you 'll see that the steersman in yellow oilskins up there at the wheel is the jolly sailor off the wrappers of the tobacco that granny aching used to smoke .
and just as she was about to speak sharply to the villagers for still bothering miss treason , she remembered the packets of jolly sailor tobacco that the shepherds even now left on the turf where the old shepherding hut had been .
a wizard who had absent - mindedly reached for his tobacco pouch let the half - formed cigarette fall from his trembling fingers .
the air over the feast was blue with tobacco smoke , which writhed into curious shapes as it was bent by random drifts of magic .
his hands automatically went to his pockets for his tobacco pouch , and then paused .
sons and grandsons kept the logpile stacked , the roof shingled , the chimney swept ; the drinks cupboard was always full , the pouch by her rocking chair always stuffed with tobacco .
she fumbled in her apron pocket for her tobacco pouch .
' now , has anyone got any tobacco ? '
vimes cupped his hands around the flame , sucked on the foul tobacco , tossed the match into the gutter and slouched off down the damp , puddle - punctuated alley .
the air in the house was filled with clouds of pot and tobacco smoke , music was blaring from three different rooms and beer and hard liquor was being spilled in all directions .
there was an adjoining tobacco shop that was capturing perry 's interest , so i decided to nip it in the bud right there .
they found the tobacco shipper easily enough , and took him to the grog shop , where marsh persuaded him to consign his goods to the fevre dream and jeffers dickered out a good price .
` ` that 's ours now , '' marsh told him , pointing out the tobacco with his stick .
the pilot house was crowded with a good half - dozen off - duty pilots , talking and chewing tobacco and making side wagers on whether or not they 'd catch the other boat .
` ` bet you they just changed pilots , '' kitch said , spitting a wad of tobacco juice into a nearby cuspidor .
when they were halfway round the bend , they saw the cause of the trouble ; another big steamer , main deck all but buried beneath bales of tobacco , had run aground on a sandbar .
one of the men on horseback looked at the house , with its peeling paint and half - rotted front steps , spat out a wad of tobacco juice , and turned to sour billy .
the man frowned , working his tobacco all the while .
the pavement was spotted with pigeon poo and ages of tobacco stains .
three - six - nine , the goose drank wine , the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line ... a cloud blocked the sun and a grim green light sailed across the day , driving it underwater .
the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line .
he produced a small leather bag full of tobacco .
and thus mr proust decided to hazard his dollar in the shop next door , on an ounce of jolly sailor pipe tobacco , some mints and a copy of what novelty ? .
kelsier raised an eyebrow ; tobacco was an expensive luxury .
there was only detective norman daniels , lying here in a sweaty bed that smelled of tobacco and used booze .
he wanted a cigarette but did n't dare light one ; for all he knew , they might have the smoke detectors turned up enough to shriek at the first whiff of tobacco .
artaxerxes himself , dressed in what looked like plum - coloured velvet , and green silk trousers ; and he still had a large pipe in his mouth , only it was blowing beautiful rainbow - coloured bubbles instead of tobacco - smoke ; but he had no hat .
there mrs artaxerxes and the whale were left , while the wizard ( with roverandom in his pocket ) walked a couple of miles or so to the neighbouring seaside town to get an old suit and a green hat and some tobacco , in exchange for the wonderful suit of velvet ( which created a sensation in the streets ) .
mark had said he wanted to think : in reality he wanted alcohol and tobacco .
thus when mark explained that he had no tobacco , the man had slapped an imaginary tobacco pouch on his knees at least six times and struck an imaginary match about as often , each time jerking his head sideways with a look of such relish as mark had seldom seen on a human face .
thus when mark explained that he had no tobacco , the man had slapped an imaginary tobacco pouch on his knees at least six times and struck an imaginary match about as often , each time jerking his head sideways with a look of such relish as mark had seldom seen on a human face .
he deplored the absence of tobacco and regarded the ` ` foreigners ` ` as very dangerous people : but the main thing , obviously , was to eat and drink as much as possible while the present conditions lasted .
for the first few minutes anyone glancing down the long tables would have seen what we always see on such occasions : the placid faces of bons viveurs whom food and wine had placed in a contentment which no amount of speeches could violate , the patient faces of diners who had learned how to pursue their own thoughts while attending just enough to respond wherever a laugh or a rumble of assent was obligatory , the fidgety faces of young men unappreciative of port and hungry for tobacco , the over - elaborate attention on the powdered faces of women who knew their duty to society .
a packet of loose tobacco was clearly visible , peeking out of the breast pocket of his jacket .
he poked strands of tobacco into the end of the roll - up with a match .
her mouth was hot and tasted of tobacco and dope ; her lips were dry and chapped .
` ` and a very fine morning for a pipe of tobacco out of doors , into the bargain .
he had brought a lot of pocket - handkerchiefs , and bilbo 's pipe and tobacco .
then he felt for his pouch , and there was some tobacco in it , and that was something more .
goodness knows what the striking of matches and the smell of tobacco would have brought on him out of dark holes in that horrible place .
the last the gunslinger saw as ralph darted away into the shadows ( whisky and tobacco another time , wily ralph must have thought ; tonight he had best concentrate on saving his own life ) was the sisters bending forward to catch as much of the flow as they could before it dried up .
she had brought him the purse with his tobacco in it .
' he 's just after tobacco money .
' the wizla tobacco , snuff and rolling paper company , ' he said , ' of pseudopolis .
he went to his eight - poster bed and opened the hatch containing the tobacco jar .
it now contained a little note instead , saying , ' dear archchancellor , in accordance with your ratification of mister nutt 's instructions that the faculty are not to be allowed food or the implements of smoking this evening , i ' ve taken the liberty of clearing away your cigarettes and pipe tobacco .
and because he knew the book by heart , page 14 opened on to a neat little cavity , which contained a packet of extra - strong liquorice mints , an ounce of jolly sailor tobacco and a packet of wizzla 's ... and , as it turned out , a small note : ' dear archchancellor , i just did n't have the heart .
he smelled of a dry , astringent cologne and a wisp of tobacco .
glasses , beaded with rain ; a beard , not too closely trimmed ; the smell of damp wool and tobacco ; a fine , straight nose , with a bead of moisture hanging from its end .
` ` please do n't leave me alone , trenton , '' the ghost said ; but he was reading the text again and again , feeling the words in his fingers , already imagining the smell of menthol and tobacco and wildflowers , and his head was rising out of the shadows , and he did n't hear her .
by ten , she knew the prices of every brand of tobacco in her tray and by eleven she figured she had enough tips to buy more comfortable shoes at a place chuck recommended .
the more people drank , the more they smoked , and on new years eve they smoked like prohibition for tobacco was taking effect at midnight .
all the biggies will be here , so unless you want to sling tobacco for the rest of your life , you need to charm like you ve never charmed before .
she pulled out pouches of tobacco when she spotted the pipe in his glass ashtray , but he waved them away .
pipe tobacco , was nt it ?
as it fell back down , the sash yanked at her neck and she tumbled forward under a hailstorm of tobacco .
his tongue pushed into marcus mouth until the burn of chewing tobacco was all he could taste .
it was nt her fault all that tobacco money ended up in the pockets of riverboat card sharks and savannah madams .
thank god for bobo and his stock of every tobacco product known to mankind .
but i was utterly desperate to find out why he never bought tobacco from me .
that s a good age to be , abner smiled taking some chewing tobacco out of his pocket .
i m sure hell think of somethin , mason answered as he took out his tobacco pouch from his pocket and started rolling a cigarette .
he walked to the house packing it full of tobacco and sat down on the porch to light it with a match .
philipe ` commented as he handed the duke a new pipe filled with fresh tobacco and carlton the dukes pipe as well as philipe`s .
it was a beautiful spot , at the crest of a large loop of the deep river , a prime location to establish a prosperous tobacco plantation .
so far , it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house , several rustic outbuildings , a large kitchen and herb garden , a newly planted orchard of apple , cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation , six acres of tobacco fields , one acre of corn and wheat , goats and chickens in the yard , pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses .
he had even wished he could have stayed away from weekly church services , but that was against the law and paying the fines each week of fifty pounds of tobacco would have taken everything he had planted .
the invitations had been delivered over a month ago , given out at the last council meeting or after church services , the date of the party chosen carefully to fall at the end of the tobacco season and in anticipation of the girls ship arriving on time .
jamie had gone to church each week with mrs . chilcott , allowing himself one day off a week , but the rest of the week he and rob had been too busy taking down the dried tobacco plants from the rafters in the shed , stripping the leaves from the stalks and pressing them into hogsheads for shipment and just generally trying to get through each day without dropping dead from exhaustion .
jamie was ever so glad the tobacco season was over .
raising tobacco was nt his favorite thing to do , to put it lightly , but it was the one and only way to make a good enough profit to fund his true passion .
everyone knew the dutch paid well for virginia - grown tobacco , better than england , offering sixteen to eighteen pence a pound compared to two pence , and even though there was a statute on the books directly from king charles stating not to trade with any foreign ship , jamie and robert ignored it much to the dismay of their adoptive father who , along with his business and political allies , believed in trading exclusively with london merchants in england .
they knew through francis and from personal stories from menefie himself that menefie had originally been a lawyer in england before he had come to virginia in 1623 and that he had wasted no time in establishing his plantation , growing tobacco and planting large orchards of apple , cherry , pear and peach trees .
and because of his severe jealousy and anger at his brother , he had constantly badmouthed virginia and any man who went there to get rich as a tobacco planter and live among the savages .
in her mind was a picture painted by her father , of a place overrun with bad men of all kinds , all of them grubbing in the dirt , growing tobacco right alongside the savages .
as they had headed for their uncles home , they had been relieved to see many other seafaring vessels , ( reminding them just the teeniest bit of the thames , ) stopping at the scattered plantations to pick up the tobacco crop and deliver trade goods .
it was laborious , grueling work , but the wood was not wasted and more cleared fields meant more tobacco , and tobacco was the money crop .
they guided the horses along the edge of one tobacco field , their hooves clomping slowly and softly through the red clay soil of virginia .
this had produced approximately fifteen hundred pounds of tobacco .
if he had sold his tobacco to the english , he would have only been paid 3 pence a pound , but selling to the dutch , he was paid eighteen pence a pound .
as a young boy from a struggling , impoverished family , phillip had been one of those hundreds of boys that had been spirited away by ruthless kidnappers , lured onto ships sailing from the london docks to supply the endless need for cheap labor in virginias tobacco fields .
a man does not need to know how to bow properly when all he is going to do is plant tobacco .
i can just see you now in the tobacco fields , cursing the hawk worms in french .
many of them had cups in their hands , some held whole bottles of wine or brandy and others held long , clay pipes with little curls of smoke rising from the bowls of burning tobacco .
his mouth and throat were as dry as a cured tobacco leaf .
with all the land that we ve just inherited , just think how many more acres of tobacco we could plant .
others quickly followed , until the faces of the old man and woman were covered over with gobs and mounds of dripping spit and phlegm and smelly tobacco juice .
formal gardens filled with blue and pink larkspur wound around the side of the house , while beyond , green fields of tobacco stretched as far as the eye could see .
as for the forty - nine year - old bridegroom , prince frederick of hesse - homberg , with his great paunch , massive whiskers and reek of tobacco , he was certainly no womans ideal of manly beauty even in his dazzling uniform of an austrian general .
by return passage came the spirits and laces as payment , and in the last hundred years it has diversified to tea , tobacco , spices , china and other luxury items .
although spirits are no longer prohibitive , tobacco and other products are still attractive to the smugglers for monetary gain .
after toby replied in a flushed and happy state , they continued with the remainder of the meal , until lady wentworth gave the signal for ladies to retire , leaving the gentlemen to their port and tobacco .
information on our troop movements private documents purloined from the admiralty they re all slipped across the channel along with the smugglers brandy and tobacco .
men who spent much of their time buying grain , hammering out tools , or selling tobacco , daily journeyed through the life of the mind , taking themselves back thousands of years and across thousands of miles .
everything they could nt grow or make at home but would nt do without : salted herring from barrels for a little variety at meals ; kerosene for lamps ; oil for frying food ; spun flax , needles , buttons , and thread for making homespun clothes , along with cloth for the professional tailors to sew up something better ; cheap tobacco , snuff , and pipes , since smoking was one of the few peasant pleasures ; boots and shoes , a dolhinov specialty .
disabled , he received a government license to sell vodka , wine , and tobacco .
a few bought tobacco from jews and drank coffee with them , i have nothing against you , one said , but things are going to go badly for you .
in contrast , those who turned in jews might be given a horse or cow ; extra food , vodka , or tobacco , and perhaps a rare but prized bar of soap .
lunkov found a delivery list in one and they passed it around to increasing excitement : 300 pounds of explosive , automatic weapons , boxes of ammunition , extra radio batteries , tobacco , grenades , and even the latest newspapers !
then the items were sold in minsk , the money earned used to buy vodka , cigarettes and tobacco , ladies ' hosiery , shoes , and leather coats that were handed out among the top officers .
` ` tobacco is the only thing the topiwallahs ever brought to india that she did not already have .
` ` it is forbidden during this month of ramadan , but no man was made to fast during daylight and also forgo tobacco .
` ` do you enjoy the new feringhi custom of smoking tobacco , captain hawksworth ?
she lounged opposite him , resting against an oblong velvet bolster , examining him with half - shut eyes while she drew contentedly on a hookah fired with black tobacco and a concentrated bhang the arabs called hashish .
and we bribed the eunuchs to bring us opium and nutmeg and tobacco .
the lamps brightened again and servants bustled about the carpet filling glasses and exchanging the burned - out tobacco chillum , clay bowls at the top of each hookah .
the jesuit fathers drew close to akman , became valued advisers , and found themselves being consulted on questions ranging from whether jesus was the son of god or merely a prophet , to the advisability of smoking tobacco .
the pit is usually full of rowdy tradesmen , who stand around the stage and turn the air blue with tobacco smoke . ''
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
adjacent to the taverns was a makeshift assemblage of tobacco sheds , open shops , and bawdy houses , which taken together had become known as bridgetown .
so in the spring of 1642 ruyters had left a few bales of brazilian sugarcane with benjamin briggs , then a struggling tobacco planter on barbados , suggesting that he try growing it and refining sugar from the sap , explaining the portuguese process as best he could .
` ` paid in bales of tobacco at standing rates ?
mind you , it had brought to life all those new rows of sugar cane marshalled down the hillsides , raising hope the planters might eventually settle their accounts in something besides weedy tobacco .
that dutch ship had arrived with clapboards and staves from portsmouth , rhode island , needed on barbados for houses and tobacco casks .
` ` i just want my sight bills paid , in coin as agreed , not in bales of their damned worthless tobacco . ''
only i ' m lucky to get paid in musty tobacco , let alone the coin you 're dreaming of . ''
like all the american settlements , barbados ' economy existed on barter and paper ; everything was valued in weights of tobacco or cotton .
briggs suddenly interrupted his monologue and turned to signal his servants to begin placing trenchers of clay pipes and virginia tobacco down the table .
the appearance of the tobacco signaled the official end of the food .
` ` and i 'll wager an acre of land here 'll make a pound of sugar for every pound of tobacco it 'll grow . ''
so they petitioned the newly formed providence company in london to swap a shipment of cannon for a tobacco contract .
` ` well , i must say you shoot remarkably well for a tobacco planter , captain . ''
` ` twenty pence a pound in london , when our tobacco used to clear three farthings . ''
the first time was when he was thirty - one , a tobacco importer in bristol with an auburn - haired wife named mary and two blue - eyed daughters , a man pleased with himself and with life .
he looked again at his hands , thinking how they had borrowed heavily from lenders in london , the money just enough to finance a switch from cotton to tobacco .
he 'd sold household wares , cloth , and liquor to colonists in virginia and the caribbees , and he 'd shipped back to europe with furs and tobacco from north america , cotton and dye woods from the caribbean .
an ' sweated sunup to sundown in your blazin ' fields , hoein ' your damn 'd tobacco , and now your god - cursed cane .
the upland plantation of anthony walrond was a wooded , hundred and eighty acre tract that lay one mile inland from the settlement around oistins bay itself a haphazard collection of clapboard taverns and hewn - log tobacco sheds on the southern , windward side of the island .
the small harbor at oistins was host to an occasional dutch frigate or a small merchant vessel from virginia or new england , but there was not enough tobacco or cotton to justify a major landing .
so my men 'll be feasting on capon and port whilst your planters are starving , with nothing in the larder save tobacco and cane .
the frigate was aground directly in front of the main tobacco sheds , in full view of every tavern around the harbor .
you can billet your officers in my tobacco sheds , and encamp the men in the fields . ''
back to the cane and tobacco fields where they 'd probably just as soon be anyway .
but there 's pitiful little left , save batches of moldy tobacco waitin ' to be shipped . ''
cotton for the women to spin , beef and cassava to eat , wine and cacao and cane - brandy for drinking , tobacco to soothe his soul .
the old man spit some tobacco off the porch into wades direction as he looked him over .
stupid war , laurel said as he spat tobacco juice out the window .
they arrived and though they could hardly speak through the translators , they were able to amicably engage in trade for the white mans mirrors , clothing articles , metal tools and tobacco .
a group of voyageurs were sitting around a campfire one evening , chewing tobacco and talking in a way that allan did n't like .
the cape smelt of faint tobacco , damp and sweat ; and every time evie breathed , the stink filled her nose .
of course , as a doctor , he knew what was wrong , and if he had been treating someone else he would have known what to recommend ; less food , less alcohol , less tobacco and much more exercise .
would you please get me an ounce of tobacco for my pipe ?
when the boy had left mrs owen smiled and said , i suspect you have plenty of tobacco in your pouch .
give mrjoseph his tobacco and then sit down here .
to give some credence to his ruse joseph took out his pipe and filled it with the tobacco george had purchased .
she recognised it at once as gwyns working jacket and when she felt in the pocket there indeed was a pipe stuffed with tobacco and a box of safety matches .
here was another mystery : why had he gone out without his working jacket and his beloved tobacco ?
pleased to see him take a last bite , she stood with her plate and took his , offering more coffee before setting the dishes in a wash basin and taking down a tin of tobacco .
needing to do something , he took up the tobacco tin , stepping toward the door .
the priest took a pipe out from his cloak , fumbling around for the packet of tobacco .
* * * george sat back luxuriating in the mellowed light of an old tudor pub ; the oak breams above them blackened with centuries of tobacco and open fires .
high in the sandy slopes , an old man gnarled with age , crept from the shack , hunger gnawing flesh from his bones , spittle brown from tobacco , drooling from a toothless mouth .
he thrust the tobacco bag pouch back into the pocket of his shabby coat .
we know from shop records of the time that he took forty pounds of tobacco , hatchets , metal bells ( indian women loved them ) , canvas , and lots of cloth .
as long as each man had tobacco in his pipe and food in his belly , these voyageurs would carry a hundred - pound pack for hours without complaint .
small delegations arrived with gifts of food , and marquette gave gifts of beads and tobacco in return .
schaack spit out his wad of tobacco , the echo ringing in the spittoon .
most of the time , he sat quietly at the table , chewing tobacco and gazing absent - mindedly about the room .
ingham made a point about martin burke , and the poor fool smiled broadly , his teeth flecked with bits of chewing tobacco .
he savored the flavor and aroma of the tobacco , to fix the memory .
he grinned at his own humor and spit tobacco juice in the general vicinity of the spittoon .
it was his chewing tobacco , the last ration he d receive .
from under his pillow , dan took martins tobacco pouch and cradled it in his hands , like annie might cradle a rag doll .
not sure what was up , dan bit off a plug of burkes tobacco and chewed away some of his tension .
the effects of the tobacco grew stronger and dans head cleared .
he tried to sit still , to read , to think , only to fill his cheek with another wad of burkes tobacco .
dan had martins bag of chewing tobacco in his pocket , a relic both unique and irreplaceable .
dan cradled martin burkes old tobacco pouch in his hand , half filled with leaves that were dry and old .
he slept but little , pacing the cell in two strides before turning , all while toying with a bag of chewing tobacco that no one had seen him chew since he d returned to chicago .
martins tobacco pouch was soft and warm , the shape malleable as dans fingers climbed up and down the fabric , kneading the dried leaves so that they crinkled in his trouser pocket .
with mrs . macey on maggies right , he walked north , only to stop and bring his party into the nearest tobacco shop .
two or three small dark fragments that resembled dried tobacco leaves fell onto his lap .
he pocketed his tobacco pouch and reached across the desk , to pick up a book with a cover so worn it must have been read repeatedly .
learned from menominee indians traveling out of wisconsin , shed packed some for his leaving as none grew in the west , a supply he d exhausted so was forced to use damp tobacco to reduce swelling and itches .
a hand reached out from beside him and passed into his fingers a white , ricepaper - wrapped cylinder of tobacco , then held a congreve so that he could bring its end to glowing life , and he breathed in the smoke , feeling his head spinning as his first cigarette in several days took its effect upon his blood - pressure .
but he appreciated most of all the small quantity of tobacco and the old , handmade white - clay pipe with the fractured stem he had found , together with a small box of congreves , in the prison yard one morning .
he had slipped tobacco , matches , and pipe into the only pocket remaining in the once - white cloth trousers he wore , and now could enjoy the taste of tobacco at lunchtime , and at night when the guards had passed on their hourly rounds , and all was quiet in the long corridor off which the cells opened .
he had slipped tobacco , matches , and pipe into the only pocket remaining in the once - white cloth trousers he wore , and now could enjoy the taste of tobacco at lunchtime , and at night when the guards had passed on their hourly rounds , and all was quiet in the long corridor off which the cells opened .
if he was fortunate , the guards took their time in rousting him from his cell to begin work , and he found time for a pipe - full of tobacco .
the prisoner worked his way along the row , and when fully half the bed had been weeded , stopped , took out his pipe and tobacco , and filled the bowl .
as he took his first breath of tobacco , the man appeared on the verandah .
sometime later , morris walked into the shack , tossed two broken - stemmed pipes on the floor and a half - packet of tobacco , together with a box of congreves , and walked out again without saying a word .
they smoked a pipe - full of tobacco each , then stretched out on their bunks , and were asleep within minutes .
then he tossed half a pack of tobacco and a box of congreves beside the cauldron , and left again .
it was enough to pay for a substantial stone - built house with a fine slate roof and enough , too , for a new house in glasgow where he had become involved in the growing tobacco and slave trade with the english colonies .
that is a comon way to avoid paying duties at the city gate , when you have tobacco or whisky to trade .
ahead of them stretched the trongate , with its fine new stone houses , recently erected by the prosperous tobacco merchants of the city .
in addition , we would greatly appreciate a contribution from your wealthy friends of the virginia tobacco trade .
glasgow 's fortune was made from the tobacco , cotton and slave trade .
and having gone to glenfalloch in search of one of his masters stotts was returning to inversnait and not having heard that the barracks was taken by the rebells went there to buy some tobacco as he was in used to do .
he took the seat across from daniel and stuffed a wad of tobacco into his mouth .
annabelle was in tears as she rushed about the house frantically , stuffing food and bedding into an emptied pillowcase , along with a small square pipe tobacco tin she brought out from her bedroom .
i know what you mean , he stuffed some tobacco into a pipe and lit it , it already smells like death warmed over .
there was the sour - sweet smell of rum and applejack , as well as the leathery aroma of tobacco smoke .
following behind was a young girl of about nine years old , with a full box of said tobacco product .
he pulled her towards him , his breath ragged ; she could feel each exhalation on her cheek , could smell the stale ale and tobacco .
he dug in his pack and took out a wad of tobacco , cut off a chunk and held it out to jonathan .
they d sell it to a bunch of rednecks and i d get ads for chewing tobacco for the rest of my life .
the rancher spat a long stream of tobacco juice into the dust at the side of the road and then added , ` ` yep , boys , you ' ve hired into a fine skillet of fish here . ''
rex spit out a long stream of tobacco juice and called back , ` ` you want to go on in to the ranch with us , miss clarice , or ride back to your daddy 's place ?
paulson took out his pipe and stuffed it full of tobacco , then passed the tobacco bag and a package of papers to ben .
paulson took out his pipe and stuffed it full of tobacco , then passed the tobacco bag and a package of papers to ben .
ridge discovered a spyglass hanging by a string around the neck of one of the men , and he searched through the pockets of three others until he found a bag of tobacco .
he puffed on his pipe until the tobacco glowed like an angry red eye .
the sweet , spicy scent of pipe tobacco enveloped her .
the air in here was filled with the stench of cheap booze , strong tobacco , and unwashed bodies .
` ` i think this is a dad - blamed fool idee , '' sam , the wagon driver , said , shooting a stream of brown tobacco juice at a six - inch lizard which scurried across some rocks a few feet away .
hunching over as if his shoulders were suddenly laden with an unseen weight , sam spit his wad of well - chewed tobacco to the ground and growled , ` ` say your prayers an ' cock your hammers , boys .
at the back of the bar a stooped and shuffling man was starting to clean up , scattering buckets of sand on the floor to soak up the accumulated mess of spilled drinks , tobacco spit , and blood before he began sweeping .
in the early 1800 's the finest havana tobacco seeds had been introduced into the united states .
the filler tobacco , however , was grown in georgia and florida , states that the german considered rebels .
there was not much , just a pocket knife , a small locket with the picture of a young woman in it , a battered pipe , a cloth bag full of tobacco , and a worn deck of cards .
then he wrapped each water bottle separately and put them in the bag , and as an afterthought , dropped in his bag of tobacco and papers , as well as a handful of matches .
as the rest of the riders stepped to the ground and broke out canteens and tobacco , mexican joe and carter moved to the edge of the clearing and started examining the rocky soil for any marks or signs which holley might have left when he passed by there .
as he pulled his tobacco sack out of his shirt pocket and began piling tobacco onto a paper , he said , ` ` rough climbin ' comin ' up here , huh ? ''
as he pulled his tobacco sack out of his shirt pocket and began piling tobacco onto a paper , he said , ` ` rough climbin ' comin ' up here , huh ? ''
others would swap tobacco for jugs of homemade whiskey ; still others would sometimes get in to heated arguments over the plight of the budding colonies of america and the king of england .
the announcement comes as no surprise ; most of the men simply take another chew of tobacco or fire up their pipes and await the inevitable .
leaning over on his impressive , silver saddle , he spits tobacco juice at malindas feet , yer done forgettin yer place missy !
looking at his men he grins wide enough to see the gold tooth in front of his mouth , pulls aa plug of tobacco from his pocket and bites off a chew .
some sell tobacco , others peddle fruit ; still others are plying small selections of vegetables .
one confederate dollar is worth one piece of hardtack and one plug of tobacco .
unknown to robert and ben their benefactor luther had traded hardtack and tobacco to the duty assignment sergeant ensuring they would be picked for the mornings detail .
he has a face full of whiskers that have already turned to the color of snow , and a chew of tobacco stuck in his jaw big enough to choke a hog .
sorry , old bill , but i do nt have any tobacco , but nate might give you a chaw of his plug .
the closest man has a chew of tobacco ; so large malinda wonders how he ever got it into his mouth .
the one closest spits tobacco juice on the ground beside his horse , howdy maam , we smelt yer fire from a ways off and thought we might need to reconnoiter the situation .
the air in the room has a stifling aroma of tobacco and cigar smoke , stale beer and a couple of other smells luke really does nt what to find out what they are .
spitting a chaw of tobacco toward the gasping labeau , nate wipes the juice from the corner of his mouth with his sleeve and utters , that one is fer my pa and brother jefferson .
he had stopped for tobacco in a small general store down the street from his hotel and was about to head on down to his room when he spotted the men .
he paused a moment and watched ridge pile tobacco on a paper and then roll it into a small , tight cigarette .
parkman asked , offering the bag of tobacco .
he handed it to demille , filled it with tobacco , and lit it while the old man inhaled .
he was chewing on a cigarette , spitting tobacco juice over the side .
jordan was sitting next to olson who reeked of tobacco .
they love honey too , and have learned to want tobacco .
i gave him some tobacco , canned peaches , brown sugar and dried beans .
a harsh tobacco smell filled the small hut .
in the end macallister surrendered half his remaining stash of pipe tobacco , a knife and some buttons .
ill be glad to have some more tobacco , some tinned food , honey and sugar ...
macallister was most pleased about two bottles of scotch , some gin , tins of pipe tobacco , and amounts of cigarette tobacco to trade .
macallister was most pleased about two bottles of scotch , some gin , tins of pipe tobacco , and amounts of cigarette tobacco to trade .
a man was sitting on his haunches on the front end , smoking a thick roll of tobacco , his face half hidden by the smoke .
some tobacco , rice and a length of cloth .
hideki gave him the last of the tobacco , which the moken lit up with a beatific expression on his face .
she frowned and peered through the haze of tobacco smoke at the lanky young man .
when the cleaning and tamping in of new tobacco was completed to his satisfaction he looked up with a sheepish grin .
the musky scent of dried tobacco dominated the space .
` ` tobacco and sugar mostly , the bonetta is a trading vessel , '' captain savage explained .
he spat a gob of spit and tobacco onto the deck to show his distaste for the captain 's decision .
` ` aye , that 's quality tobacco , '' he sighed and began filling his smoke pouch with the dried , fragrant leaves .
the men above him pulled up the ladder and threw down some ropes so the men below could transport the barrel of tobacco through the hatchway .
` ` are we just going to stand around and let them steal my sugar and tobacco ?
the air inside was stifling ; a choking haze of tobacco smoke hung from the ceiling , stinging john 's eyes .
the captain took a moment to take a drag of his pipe , all the while his eyes swept john from head to toe as if he did n't know what to make of the child , tobacco smoke drifted lazily out of one nostril .
inside the dark , musty hold there were many barrels and casks containing wine , beer , molasses , sugar , tobacco , rum , gunpowder , dried meat , grain , mincemeat , dried fruit and many more food stuffs that he was n't aware of .
` ` sit an ' have a cup with me lad , '' black sam urged as he filled his pipe with tobacco and lit its contents with a match .
fiddler 's green is a place where there 's always jolly music , a sailor can kick up his heels , drink as much rum as he likes , an ' smoke as much tobacco as he wants , '' black sam explained .
they were able to save most of the corn and some of the beans , but the hot sun , with little rain , assured them of no tobacco or even pumpkins in the fall .
he also produced a pouch with tobacco , a rare commodity .
they smoked for a while longer until the tobacco was gone .
` ` last fall the man who owned this place broke a hip at harvest time , and he sent word to me that he needed some help getting his crop of corn and tobacco in , or it would end up rotting in the fields .
realizing that his pipe had gone out , jason struck a match and puffed the bowl of tobacco back to life .
jason took his pipe from his pocket , filled it with tobacco , and lit it with a burning twig he 'd pulled from the edge of the fire .
one was munching on a slab of cake , and the other had just filled his jaw with a large wad of chewing tobacco .
* * * they met in the large tobacco barn that william hartman had erected on some back acreage of his farm that spring .
because turkish tobacco could withstand the high temperatures of inland egypt , he also imported it for distribution in cairo .
one of the camel boys shimmied up a palm tree to get them in exchange for some tobacco .
fact is , ma swore to the lord that shed give up her corncob pipe and tobacco if he would send along an angel to help us out .
four of the eight smoked ; one a pipe , two cigarettes from england , and one a cigarette made from cubeb , a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout india .
instead , he puffed away as an abstainer of tobacco might if offered a peace pipe by a native of one north americas many tribes .
he sniffed it and licked the tobacco leafs jagged edge before lighting it .
a laugh that sounded as if it had been generated from the depths of a sizeable stomach , fuelled by air from prodigious lungs , and expelled through a throat well lined with cheap wine residue and roughened by inhalation of englands new social pastime , tobacco .
as mister dalton reads , i write : one ton coal ten barrels , pickled beef ten barrels , salted fish twenty sacks , corn meal three casks , rum eight barrels , ale five barrels , apples one crate , coffee three crates , tea twenty sacks , flour two crates , pipe tobacco five baskets , eggs one barrel , salt six barrels , sugar three barrels , molasses two four - pound tins , pepper mister dalton and i spend two and a half hours putting down the list of supplies , and i fill about half the journal .
the train was smoky and uncomfortable and he spent much of the time smoking his pipe anyway and used up most of his tobacco which he planned to replenish in boston .
upon arrival in boston he was ready for detraining and he immediately started on a long walk which took him by a few stores where he purchased some items he would need for the next leg of his journey including a good supply of some fine tasting pipe tobacco .
dillon took his pipe own from his jacket pocket and asked may i try some of your tobacco ?
there was rice , indigo , tobacco ; none of which dillon had recognized .
well , there s an extra pipe and tobacco ; you re welcome if you want .
he said as he reached for the tobacco .
at that point ed took out his pipe and tobacco offering the pouch to the visitors and buster continued while loading his pipe .
dillon laughed as he said we have smoked up most of your tobacco .
then he added we grow some good tobacco on the island .
we make some good cider here and would be glad to trade for tobacco .
one night he sat thinking about it all and he called buster into the library and offered him tobacco and both lit pipes .
two of them spat tobacco juice near the girls shoes .
cal chewed on his wad of tobacco , turned , and shot a spurt of juice in hannahs direction .
the stink of the tobacco filled her nose as she dashed it away from hannahs eye with her hand .
they spit tobacco juice at us .
i hate tobacco !
the odor of tobacco and sweaty clothes worn too long without washing almost gagged her .
annie leaned closer to hear him more clearly and was momentarily distracted by the interesting scent , a mixture of tobacco smoke and pine needles , which clung to him .
mr . coolie fished out a wad of plug tobacco and bit off a chaw , then he looked around .
the wagons stench was soon augmented by a dry , acrid fog of tobacco smoke .
captain robert f. smith spit out a chaw of tobacco and replied coolly , turning to his hound dog , well , lets jist see bout that .
ah may be a virginian , but the oda of tobacco has always nauseated me .
he smoked a pipe , absentmindedly tapping the ashes out and refilling the bowl with fresh tobacco .
the tavern was poorly lit , clouded with tobacco smoke , and smelled of sweat and beer .
jack pulled out his pouch of tobacco and began rolling a fresh cigarette .
ever since his doctors advised him to quit , my father ca nt abide the smell of tobacco .
jack nodded and pulled his pouch of tobacco out .
the tobacco tasted dry and stale , leaving a sour taste in his mouth .
the tobacco tasted sour in his mouth , and he still felt too worn out to care .
everyone knew he was one of the richest men in the carolinas thanks to his fathers tobacco business .
the air smelled of bad breath , thick body odor , and stale , smoked tobacco .
khat was a weed these people chewed like folks back home would chew tobacco .
he smiled and revealed teeth stained by decades of tobacco use , guess you ll be stayin a while then wo nt you ?
finishing his coffee , cort took out a large pinch of chewing tobacco and shoved it into his cheek .
cort spit a mouthful of tobacco juice into his spit cup .
cort looked down at the papers still clutched in his hand and spat a mouthful of thick brown tobacco juice on them before shoving them back through the hole in the gate .
regis : zz hallucigenia - 3.0 - z character - minor tobacco lobbyist .
old man bloom former city councilman regis tobacco lobbyist .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
he stubbed out the cigarette , not even attempting to be neat about it , and turned to face elise who was scoldingly staring at the black smudge the burned tobacco had left on the courtyard stone .
he took a kingly puff off his tobacco pipe , the smoke curled around his bent head , burning my nostrils .
even so , the thought crossed my mind that elsie morgan just might not be able to stand the smell of tobacco .
what gets me is why a man would carry tobacco and alcohol and not use either .
therein lies one of the most insidious characteristics of tobacco .
not being able to smoke , she cut herself a good - sized plug of tobacco and began to chew .
he threw open the door of mikes discount tobacco just as a projectile whizzed by his head , striking the wall .
he collapsed to the ground and crawled into the shop while more bullets pummeled the merchandise around him , creating raindrops of paper and loose tobacco .
one tanned cheek bulged with tobacco , and her lips were amber - stained .
she rose , smiling and shifting her wad of tobacco to the other cheek , and took my hand .
connell shifted her wad of tobacco again , and whispered , ' i did n't neither .
as they pulled the madman away from his victim , he gnashed out with tobacco yellowed teeth and bit the hand of the father .
josh gazed raptly at the cigarette pack as if he was pondering getting up and chewing the nicotine out the tobacco .
he smelled of tobacco smoke and peppermint and something else , a scent she 'd never been able to identify .
` ` ole tobacco shop ' round the corner just there .
moments after he lit the pipe , the sweet smell of tobacco hit me and for a while something in this awful world smelled good .
never could shake this tobacco habit , and i was paying for it , certain as the sun rises .
gordon did not understand why he would not hoard his pills to trade for tobacco products .
his lungs filling with smoke , alec could n't help noticing the bitter flavor of chopa intermingled with the scent of tobacco .
giuliano extracted from the pocket of his / her black jacket of flax a silver portasigarette , it opened him / it , it threw out a handful of tobacco and a map , a cigarette was rolled , it rubbed the match on the heel of its boots and in the room it spread the odor of the sulphur .
they swarm him / it , in the meantime you / he / she had gotten up , and with a brand of the fire you / he / she had lit up a cigarette , of tobacco , perhaps , or of who knows what other diabolic nature naturante .
dirty , unkempt and with the stench of stale tobacco and old whisky permeating the air .
he stopped and picked a piece of tobacco from his tongue , examined it in the firelight , and tossed it away .
his ponderous belly was fish - white and speckled with what looked like tobacco juice and cigarette ashes .
his cheek puffed out on one side like a balloon and right before he spoke he spit a great wad of tobacco juice into the dust not far from the toe of johns boot .
the fat guys mouth drew up in a tight circle around the huge chunk of tobacco and he turned his attention back to john .
i noticed his foot came down squarely where the wad of tobacco juice had just landed .
he coughed up something that could have either been tobacco juice or blood and i started for the gun .
ryster blows out a plume of smoke and picks a bit of tobacco from the tip of his tongue .
we have to come back tomorrow and sacrifice tobacco to him . ''
` ` bula tama , bula tama , '' he chanted as he scattered shreds of tobacco across the stone .
and every day ryan went to bula tama with tobacco , his chants becoming more urgent .
he puffed desperately as he spoke , gagging with the taste of the tobacco , but never pausing in his prayer .
` ` hey bhimsha , '' one of them said to his fellow , rather loudly , ` ` pass the tobacco ! ''
the first to go was their tobacco , the second their brandy .
from his uniform he removed a pouch of tobacco and began to fill his cheek .
no , graves said , spitting tobacco into the dirt .
no , grove said without emotion , reaching for the tobacco pouch that sat next to the 300 test results .
he spit a line of tobacco juice on the lawn as he raised his m4 , taking aim at the front of the truck .
he d smoked every bit of tobacco .
the drunkest of the three , a thin , dark angry man with tobacco at the corners of his mouth , laughed , rolled his head back .
i desperately wanted to explain to him that the term faggot actually derived from the british word for cigarette and that he just asked whether i was a tobacco product i doubt he would see my comment as funny .
i need you to run numbers on some tobacco shops and look for a pattern .
the old man turned his head and skillfully spat a stream of tobacco juice into a can next to his chair .
it was the scent of old spice and burnt tobacco leaves .
as he approached , the scent of old spice and tobacco pushed out before him like a pressure wave off the bow of a boat .
the bindle fell open upon the straw like a picnic blanket to reveal an odd assortment of knickknacks : an animal hide pouch stuffed with tobacco , a deck of playing cards , a box of matches , a buck knife , a tin of sardines , beef jerky , an apple , an orange , and lastly , a plump brown wineskin .
carefully , kurt hand - rolled his cigarette , adding cannabis to the tobacco from a small , clear plastic bag .
open up my tobacco pouch and put it on the ground for me .
kurt positioned him so that the bulbous lumps on the back of his head were above the tobacco pouch and then , with the index finger of his free hand , he started to stroke beatnik under his chin .
drips of poison ejected from the glands behind the toads head and dripped down onto the tobacco .
kurt isolated the damp tobacco using his finger and then sat back .
he spat out tobacco juice .
a brown line of tobacco spit shot from his mouth and hit the gravel .
he could hear the sarcasm - laced drawl in his mind even now , dripping out of a mouth stained with chewing tobacco and smelling of pabst blue ribbon .
well , doctor , your daughter was found by a farmer who was on his way out to look at his tobacco crop this morning , like i said , just this side of nada .
she squinted at gibbons , regarding him with obvious derision , and for one second gibbons thought she was actually going to spit chewing tobacco into a spittoon .
he told me that one year , just for spite , lovell bell got so angry with the sharecroppers who worked the tobacco and corn bases over in bowen that he cursed them all with a plague of locusts .
a metal sign proclaiming , smokers choice rolling tobacco , swayed in the wind .
he also had a big plug of chewing tobacco sloshing around in his mouth every time she saw him and it was revolting to her .
how they got nicotine is beyond anyones understanding , since tobacco plants were thousands of miles away and international trade had nt been established yet .
one of the conditions of their dating was to ditch the tobacco plugs .
' if you can refrain from drinking and do n't stink of tobacco , you can be my p a . '
it was only after his first trembling drag of the blessed tobacco that he realized he was crawling with leeches .
he closed his eyes and drew heavily on the tobacco , flipped the burnt match into the churned muck in front of him .
he smirked and dragged deeply , careful to only touch the filter so he would nt get the tobacco wet .
he picked a piece of tobacco from his tongue , studied it momentarily before flicking it away .
the information had come to him in a thin manila envelope , handed across an old peeling table at st . pauls by a chain - smoking stick of a woman who d left after a few curt instructions in a swirl of tobacco reek .
buford flash gordon climbed down from the closest and spit a stream of tobacco juice on the dead grass .
barry sprinkled some dope over the tobacco in the paper .
thus i forged up the street , noting the small traffic of the milk - shop , and wondering at the incongruous medley of penny pipes , black tobacco , sweets , newspapers , and comic songs which here and there jostled one another in the short compass of a single window .
i told you things had to change , but you just would nt listen thirty - two jack dug around in his back pocket and fished out a tin of chewing tobacco .
it was as if they worked in such dust - free , climate - controlled buildings , they could nt contaminate themselves with tobacco or ash or even sulfur on their fingertips from matches .
the aroma of burning oak mingled with the smell of food and tobacco and wines .
milt surmised that randy would be easy enough to find by the mans tobacco stench and lung - shaking cougha cough milt suspected now had more to do with the zombie contagion than cigarettes .
the mans breath was pure tobacco , and he could see the mans jutting lower lip .
he popped a mint into his mouth to drown the smell of tobacco from his breath and walked up the driveway and along the cement path to the entrance .
he sits nearby and pushes tobacco into the bowl of a pipe .
i suppose i supported him mostly because i got a job and there was tobacco again , and i did n't need to hunt through the gutters when i needed to smoke .
there had been other ruses , although most only involved petty items such as a hoard of tobacco or a hair - ribbon or two .
who has tobacco ?
that tobacco has been hoarded .
rachel tannenbaum 's husband has tobacco , he gave the guard who comes on after zeickert , the one they call booger - eater because he is always picking his nose and then putting his fingers in his mouth , tannenbaum gave some of it to booger - eater so he would n't take his wife 's pearl earrings !
worst of all , one of them was federal - alcohol , tobacco , and firearms .
pennsylvania and new york had coordinated the bust along with three federal agencies : the federal drug control task force , the irs , and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms .
they did n't even spit tobacco on the sidewalks .
the sign on the right : please limit all calls to 5 mins , smells of tobacco , smells of woodsmoke , the old brine of pickles .
it does n't just happen in places like peyton place and along tobacco road , either .
jessie sat back in her chair and lit another cigarette , absently aware that the tip of her tongue was stinging from tobacco overload , that her head ached , and that her kidneys were protesting this marathon session in front of the mac .
i was born and grew up in burgaw , north carolina , and the only time we saw meat was right after the tobacco was in , or sometimes in the winter if my father shot a coon or a possum .
there are two phases of withdrawal from tobacco , and i ' m convinced that it 's the second that causes most cases of recidivism .
i think that even the subject of tobacco had briefly vacated my head for the first time since i 'd quit smoking .
i had n't gone through this day just to start killing myself with tobacco again , i decided .
instead of throwing himself over the rail , as he might have done , he lit his pipe and smoked a bowl of tobacco slowly , watching the sun go down behind that distant , disappearing cloud on horizon - that cloud which was the coast of africa .
a battered and charmless teapot stood flanked by a pair of gorgeous poupies , and she could not even begin to guess what those beautiful french dollies with their rouged cheeks and gartered gams might be worth there was a selection of baseball and tobacco cards , a fan of pulp magazines from the thirties ( weird tales , astounding tales , thrilling wonder stories ) , a table - radio from the fifties which was that disgusting shade of pale pink which the people of that time had seemed to approve of when it came to appliances , if not to politics most - although not all - of the items had small plaques standing in front of them : tri - crystal geode , arizona , read one custom socket - wrench kit , read another .
deke cocked his head to one side and spat tobacco juice .
in that moment he seemed to smell tobacco and coffee and some faint cologne - southern gentleman , perhaps - the smells of mr . gaunt .
he was fiddling a home - made cigarette together and dribbling little bits of tobacco on the dog which lay crashed out at his feet .
he stuck the cigarette in his mouth , where it promptly fell apart , sprinkling tobacco all over his legs and the dog 's limp hide .
he took out his pouch of top tobacco , opened it , reached inside , and fished out a packet of rolling papers .
he began to sprinkle tobacco .
his lips were firm with the pressure of his square teeth , and there was a faint taste- ? odor of rum and tobacco .
clyde corliss hawked back and spat a mass of phlegm and chewing tobacco into the dented pail beside the stove .
vinnie upshaw produced his old top cigarette roller from inside his vest , spilled a line of tobacco into it , and inserted a cigarette paper with arthritis - swelled fingers .
he stuck his cigarette in his mouth , plucked a few bits of tobacco from the end of it , and took a kitchen match from his vest pocket .
he chewed tobacco .
the top banged up and mccaslin shot a brown stream of tobacco juice into it .
the figure dressed in white straightened up a little , removed a cigarette from the corner of his mouth , and plucked a shred of tobacco from his full lower lip .
his lined face was yellow - pale , and he was sprinkling tobacco all over the floor as he tried to make one of his shitty - smelling cigarettes .
the place smelled of stale licorice and sun and tobacco and age .
he lit this one , drew harsh , stale tobacco smoke deep into his lungs , and blew it out .
glen tamped the last of his tobacco into his pipe , and wondered suddenly if stu had any cigarettes .
the thought spoiled his own taste for tobacco , and he knocked his pipe out on a rock , absently kicking away the last of his borkum riff .
is it tobacco , stu ? ''
it was a loden coat , fragrant with pipe tobacco .
it was one of those germless chrome - and - tile jobs that looks like it was spit whole out of some mass - production womb in the midwest somewhere , the work of hearty methodist a**holes who all look like mr . goodwrench and smell like cherry blend tobacco .
billy slowly brought his face down on lemke 's until their foreheads touched and he could smell the old man 's odor c it was the smell of cobwebs and tobacco and dim urine .
he inhaled deeply , turned up the radio and opened the car 's windows to clear out the tobacco smoke .
that 's when he looks up at her , his eyes level with hers even though he 's sitting and she 's standing , squinting at her through the smoke of his cigar , his fingers picking flakes of fallen tobacco from his beard .
i 'll make tobacco pipes out of their bones and be smoking em when you get back .
in the summer months , and during most of the winter months , igod reeked of tobacco and sweat .
the preferred fixings for the fag were a can of prince albert pipe tobacco , a pack of zigzag papers , and a certain quantity of spit .
the secret of the fag was getting the right amount of tobacco on the paper .
once the correct amount of tobacco was applied , then the correct amount of spit came into play .
too much spit , the thing would tear apart as you watch the tobacco fall down your front .
he could see the sneer of the detective and his long , tobacco stained teeth again as he asked , sarcastically , in that slightly nasal tone they learn at the police academy , ' so your wife threw you out of your home and made you sleep in the van ?
usually he had it on , but he must have wanted to enjoy a chew of tobacco with his morning coffee .
seeing as his sales of gas , lubricants , candy , soda pop , coffee , smokes , and some of the areas finest chewing tobacco grew substantially , along with the booming diner business , he appeared to be a happy junior junior .
heaven knows what i smelled like , a mixture of pipe tobacco smoke , over - salted cheap food from iceland and that horrible damp smell that sticks to your clothes when you live in an old house that has nt been cared for properly .
some condor pipe tobacco was purchased , some was set aside as a drinking allowance , some was then spent in the bookies in an attempt to make back what had been overspent on the drinking allowance and the rest was used to keep us children clothed , fed and watered .
the first one that he built was called , the king l , named so because of the way that he stuck two large rizlas together in an l - shape which was then packed with the latest purchase of sticky skunk and a small amount of tobacco .
he was impossible to rouse , looked as if he d been awake all night playing backgammon with a bunch of elderly chinese , drinking absinthe - laced tea and smoking unusual tobacco .
sitting on the windowsill watching a learner driver , michael trembled externally and shivered internally from a breakfast of tobacco and ice - cream .
the horse reared and stamped and broke the annealed strand , bringing a flame to the world inviting experiments with tobacco and cannabis , acid and magic mushrooms .
owing to the aforementioned darkness inside the lotus , plus the thick tobacco smoke hanging about the stranger , i could not make his face out clearly enough .
he heard a match strike and smelled tobacco .
derek killick ignored his sarcastic and exaggerated raising of one eyebrow and taking his pipe out of one pocket and a plastic tobacco wallet from another , proceeded to fill it .
the supervisor stopped what he was doing as they approached and taking out a highly polished tobacco tin proceeded to make himself a roll up .
he surveyed the area while chewing on a mouthful of his homegrown tobacco .
jebs mouth was swirling tobacco .
councilman doug shyster spat out the tobacco he was chewing , and said in his smooth , southern drawl , you re the mayor .
what we ve got to do , said the horse salesman as he spat a chew of tobacco out of the corner of his mouth , is figure out how you can knock off itchy mitchand fast !
julius spat some of the tobacco he had been chewing into the dirt .
i did nt have to look to see who it was ; i could smell the tobacco from tios pipe .
bound to be a booth there selling tobacco and confectionery .
he pulled it from the dash and pressed the element to the stump of tobacco , paper and nicotine - stained foam .
five minutes , she said without them asking , lipstick smudged and teeth tobacco stained .
'' let 's take a breather , '' suggests the pink panther , grousing when he finds his pipe tobacco 's gone damp .
tommy was a former cigar wrapper , but with the advent of machine - made , pre - rolled , tobacco tubes , he found his position at the cigar bar to be expendable .
jack , who was not fond of tobacco smoke , coughed .
he preached the merits of tobacco , and cited japan and france as definitive proof that smoking from a young age , and smoking often , drove longevity and wealth .
that s raw tobacco .
jack cocked his head quizzically , spitting a shot of tobacco juice into the sand while gunning the engine .
mmm , shredded cheap marlborough tobacco .
i have never appreciated the poetry of your filthy tobacco .
the length of time it is taking the man to find the tobacco and the hostility golden virginia will do , levin gasps .
he returns to finding the tobacco .
levin realises that the man hunting for the drum mild / golden virginia does nt know that it is rolling tobacco .
he is stalling , trying to find the packet , looking in the wrong place because he has nt yet been asked for a packet of rolling tobacco .
he put the mattress on the bed and hoovered the floor : it was covered in shreds of paper , bits of card , old panty receipts , a single unsmoked cigarette with the tobacco spilt from it , a single unopened condom , a used condom , a postcard of a mountain ( unused ) .
' see , ' james added , holding up the tobacco pouch .
' i ' m using drum mild , not even cigarette tobacco .
the tobacco was brown and moist .
he took a black lump from the tobacco packet .
the black resin flaked all along the tobacco .
the joint was full to the brim with the sweet tobacco and bitter muck .
hilary asked him if he had any tobacco .
he sniffed and took out his tobacco tin , rolling a few wisps into a tube scarcely wider than the match he used to light it with , inhaled to the bottom of his lungs , consuming a third of it , coughed a huge racking cough and then turned deep red in contrast to his former pallor .
mamie louise was aided and abetted in her obscurantism by father bertrand , the sunday school priest , a short , emphysematous man with dark yellow teeth and a cassock that stank of stale tobacco .
the following morning we awoke to the aroma that was emanating from downstairs , the characteristic morning fragrance of a spanish bar , the delicious mix of the smell of roast coffee and the hazy blue smoke of black tobacco .
friends had space to coffee together - finally , to talk a little too loudly , to make expansive gestures and in leisure , smoke in and breathe out from cigars and cigarettes and tobaccos of all kinds without some self - righteous , puritanical non - smoker spluttering protests out over the rumble of a passing bus and through a cloud of thick exhaust fumes .
again and again in his long career he had run up against them , either as drunkards being a menace to public order , as protesters threatening violence to all around , or as druggies smoking cannabis , as if it was tobacco .
when he was nt smoking ( or coughing or gagging ) , he chewed tobacco , even though he hated the stuff since it made him feel like he was going to throw up .
it was nt long until he could blow smoke rings around passing mosquitoes and spit tobacco so accurately that he could hit a moving cockroach at three yards .
he wore narrow glasses , his fair hair was thinning , and he sometimes smelt of tobacco .
given the botched nature of the attempt , you can also eliminate those organisations with a proven record of efficiency and success , for example manchester united and the major tobacco companies .
the stuffing leaked out of the torn vinyl seats and the cabin smelt of stale tobacco and greasy food .
he pulled a battered packet of tobacco and a packet of papers from his overalls pocket .
it gave him a certain amount of clout , though , as he bought his weekly ration of tobacco along with the rest of them , then sold it to the highest bidder for a handsome profit .
smoking of tobacco , corn husks , twine , or mexican cigarettes is strongly discouraged , and herewise held in low esteem .
here and there a clothing boutique has replaced a tobacco or struggling electronics repair store .
with nicotine - stained fingers , he carefully rolls a cigarette , bereft of tobacco , his tongue caressing the edge of the paper with a tenderness reserved solely for this procedure .
sammy liked to smoke , but found joey 's chewing tobacco habit repulsive .
the smell of the thug 's rich tobacco breath escaped his gritted teeth .
they had a lot of stone pipes , tobacco pouches , and purses strung around their necks .
there , he pulled open the top drawer of a bureau and pulled out a previously opened pouch of chewing tobacco .
the shelves behind the glass and down below are crammed full with soup and tomato cans , glass jelly and pickle jars , wax paper bags , mason jars , cigar boxes and tobacco tins .
george pulled his tobacco pouch from his pocket , opened it and extended it towards zach .
he stuck the large ball of tobacco into his mouth .
then he got involved in tobacco tort cases , and , guess what ?
the guy who cracked the tobacco industry , who now represents some of the 9\11 families , and is going after the saudi government .
he pulled out a one - third full , silver and green can of kodiak wintergreen chewing tobacco .
despite his frequent use of the product , he still felt the soft pleasing burning sensation the tobacco caused in its first few seconds .
he asked through a mouthful of tobacco grains , handing the can up to alex who had put his right hand awkwardly into the back seat but kept his eyes on the road .
mike pulled his lip out and inserted the tobacco , spilling about a third of the grains down the front of his caminiti padres jersey .
he neatly stacked the remaining beers , tobacco products , and the slim jims on top of the porn magazine , whose cover was now significantly creased .
he cursed nonsensically to no one in particular and threw the now - useless cigarette to the ground , spitting out the tobacco grains which had stuck to his tongue .
he walked up within twenty feet of shepherd and spat tobacco and raised his shotgun .
mr . lionel marsee - chandler , who he d imagined only hours before as kindly and balding with dentures yellowed from pipe tobacco , was now a gordon gekko with a deep tan and gold cuff links , his billboard - sized window offering the best view not of central park but a continent - sized crater of molten lava .
before they could order a beer without difficulty they were rolling their own drum tobacco cigarettes , proclaiming america needed a genuine greens party , and answering only to the german version of their names .
if you re going to keep that stupid pipe in your mouth at least get some tobacco for it .
he did nt really need tobacco in it .
god really did want me to find this old dancing , drinking , and tobacco smoking nun .
leave these cigars for wanna - be gangsters who empty out the tobacco and use the wraps to roll blunts before they go on their weekly drive - bys .
she was so white and calm and hard and foreign to the place that she made the haze of tobacco smoke preternaturally part .
rows upon rows of books crawled up the walls , and the air smelled sweetly of tobacco .
the man , alfonso heymun y perez - carrillo , offered the teleoperator a cigar from la gloria cubana line , draped in ecuadorian sumatra wrapper , embodying a creamy core of coffee , oak , pepper , and toasty tobacco flavor ` ` i do nt smoke , '' said clarity .
on students lighting cigarettes outside of gladfelter hall , the tobacco smoke swirling around the yellow silicone on their wrists .
she picked up will 's tobacco tin and although she 'd only ever smoked once or twice for a film part , she really craved one now .
when you do , the first thing that goes through my mind , he continued , is that you are a slave to tobacco , and this as a weakness .
although i had regressed with tobacco and alcohol , i had remained a vegetarian .
we could merge with a tobacco company in tockworld and leverage the consequences . ''
` ` it never worked out ; the tobacco companies want it all to themselves .
then he balled up his fists , spat tobacco juice , and girded up his loins .
murray himself had never smoked marijuana or tobacco of any kind , had never touched alcohol , and had raised his three sons in the same manner ; he had nt been overly strict with them , but they had made the same decisions as their father , and this made him proud .
jason weedybits , the marketing manager from that big tobacco company that started world war iii . ''
a collection of native american tomahawks , faded photographs , and eagle feathers lined the wall behind the cash register , and created a strange contrast with the nearby racks of cigarettes and cartons of smokeless tobacco .
in a line before me , you see the most eligible young men and women from tobacco farm 643 , swisher sweets division .
many look spotty and nervous , but with enough contemplation of socialist principles and time in the tobacco fields , they will be identical to any son and daughter of the revolution !
young workers of tobacco farm 643 , you have sixty seconds to choose a partner for the rest of your life .
i am the strongest and smartest of all the girls at tobacco farm no .
i have only chewed on tobacco stems for three days .
after the performance and a celebratory banquet , the entire group of newlyweds were herded onto a bus for transport back to tobacco farm no .
i do nt know if i can work in a tobacco factory the rest of my life .
` ` they are given as payment in exchange for shellfish , tobacco , fruit and a few less precious metals , nickel and cobalt , which cuba exports . ''
clarity walked with cubandor to the main cigar factory of the plantation where expert workers rolled over two hundred maestro monteviena cigars each day , in front of customers coming in from the caribbean and other countries , using cuban seed , two year old genuine cuban tobacco .
there were dozens of potted plants , a cappuccino machine , souvenirs from the 1957 world series , three tins of erinmore pipe tobacco , a complete set of tiny mother goose figurines from the red rose tea collection , and a huge , signed portrait of carl barks .
it created a pleasant blend with tobacco smokea smell she would conjure when things around her seemed to fall apart .
they were white ones generally , busily blowing tobacco wafts as they kibboitzed , dressed as country hicks in blue jeans , workers .
mr jambres crammed shreds of tobacco into the bowl of his pipe with a square yellow thumb .
a man , a low harsh voice , breath scented with tobacco and aniseed , growled into her ear that if she did n't sit still , she 'd overturn the boat and although they 'd be annoyed by a soaking , at least they could swim 'cos their hands were n't tied .
i think a pregnant woman has an instinct for what s good for her , and these are made with the very best turkish tobacco , you know .
wandering prospectors -- that is those who managed to avoid being barbequed by the local native americans or get gunned down in a frontier saloon in gunfights over important stuff like spitting tobacco juice on somebody 's boots -- stumbled on gold and silver and copper deposits .
` ` what if i have you transferred to somewhere like remotest kazakhstan where nearly every lethal disease known to science is endemic in the local population , the women wear moustaches and chew tobacco and indoor plumbing is only an abstract concept ? ''
unauthorized items include the following : cigarettes , lighters , drugs , drug paraphernalia , books , magazines , alcohol , chewing tobacco , chewing gum , candy , electronics , weapons , and anything else that you know you should n't have in basic training .
by ten o'clock , our products and services had leveled off to market prices : individual cigarette : $ 3.00 cell phone usage : $ 1.50 / minute chewing tobacco , small dip : $ 3.00 chewing tobacco , large dip : $ 6.00 gameboy single game usage : $ .25 / minute * ipod usage : $ .25 / minute double a battery : $ 10.00 swig of bourbon : $ 5.00 private viewing of hustler mag : $ 2.00 * additional $ .50 / minute to play mega man the barracks buzzed with excitement , but the happiest bunks were 74 and 75 where major and i counted our money at the end of the night .
by ten o'clock , our products and services had leveled off to market prices : individual cigarette : $ 3.00 cell phone usage : $ 1.50 / minute chewing tobacco , small dip : $ 3.00 chewing tobacco , large dip : $ 6.00 gameboy single game usage : $ .25 / minute * ipod usage : $ .25 / minute double a battery : $ 10.00 swig of bourbon : $ 5.00 private viewing of hustler mag : $ 2.00 * additional $ .50 / minute to play mega man the barracks buzzed with excitement , but the happiest bunks were 74 and 75 where major and i counted our money at the end of the night .
major tapped my shoulder and pointed at two guys who had put dry cigarette tobacco inside their mouths , thinking it would work like chewing tobacco .
major tapped my shoulder and pointed at two guys who had put dry cigarette tobacco inside their mouths , thinking it would work like chewing tobacco .
we ransomed their tobacco and smut , exchanging their cash for happiness .
the other canteen contained a glob of tobacco sludge , which i knew would smell awful in the heat if opened .
he sputtered and gagged on the tobacco toxic waste , wiping his chin with his sleeve .
i m not an apologist for the tobacco companies , mind you , but those little cancer sticks may have been my greatest weapon against drink .
his talon reached into his feathers and pulled out tobacco .
but the flame would illuminate everything that was there , exposing the tobacco and the irony stuffed into the tip .
the boys worked the tobacco fields while their mother and charlotte tended the vegetable garden and took care of the house .
albert hit the pipe on the ashtray until the spent tobacco fell out .
the temptations of earth distract people from their potential paths , albert said removing the pouch of tobacco from his sweater .
albert opened the leather pouch pulled out a wad of tobacco and stuffed it into the pipe bowl .
now that he s replaced his 64 - ounce chewing tobacco spit cup with soggy , gnawed cigars , he s gotten snobby .
no tobacco or alcohol is allowed within the parameters of the camp .
carter , a wealthy man who owned two automobile dealerships and shares in several other businesses , had bankrolled the entire operation , including the weapons , though his innately cautious nature made sure no automatic weapons or illegal explosives were on the property so that he would have no trouble with the fbi or the bureau of alcohol , firearms and tobacco .
he brought the paper with the partly rolled tobacco to his mouth to lick the glue , but his hand shook so much the paper opened and the tobacco spilled onto the floor .
he brought the paper with the partly rolled tobacco to his mouth to lick the glue , but his hand shook so much the paper opened and the tobacco spilled onto the floor .
then he got on his knees and collected the tobacco , and this time he was able to get it rolled the right way .
she knew the can of tobacco he bought last week cost over ten dollars , and she regarded every cigarette he smoked as money robbed from her .
outside he found a bench to sit on and took out his pouch of tobacco from his pants pocket and his cigarette paper from his shirt pocket .
the tobacco soothed him , and he sucked hungrily at it , taking drag after drag .
he found the matches he was looking for and lit his pipe , already packed with tobacco .
his father gives most of the money he makes to his mother , keeping only some for tobacco and such for himself .
he slowly rolled his cigarette with tobacco from a small leather pouch .
the newsagent 's sucked in and spat out the odd customer , old duffelcoated men after cheap , strong tobacco , schoolchildren adding colour to their drab lunch boxes with gelatine and chocolate , office workers seeking king - size cigarettes to measure out their paper hours .
any alcohol or tobacco on board ?
as a final insult to his brother , he rubbed each cigarette in the palms of his hands so that bits of paper and tobacco created a little brown and white mound on landos carpet .
not a corncob one that is stuffed with tobacco and smells like vanilla and convalescent homes .
bobby just sits and stares and chews his tobacco .
and all the alcohol , all the cigarettes and chewing tobacco and coffee - stained smiles and sweaty skin and the hands that touched my sister and never cared when she fought back , all of it is softening before me .
no tobacco allowed !
my grandfather used to sit on a bench , spit chewing tobacco and growl at us to run to get him another beer .
i switched out the pot with some tobacco from a macanudo i tore apart .
pot leaves and cigar tobacco do nt look the same , bill said , uncertainty creeping into his words .
i m still waiting for big tobacco to announce that they ve had a secret lab at work for decades that s finally found the cure for lung cancer so i can start back up .
she walked closer to him and smelled it tobacco emanating from his hair , his pile of clothes on the floor nearby , and wrinkled her nose in distaste .
hell , he wondered with a smile , how many different things did the original harvesters of tobacco do with the plant before figuring out it was only good for smoking ?
i then proceeded up the narrow hallway , passing a few professionally groomed dandies who reeked of tobacco and fusty cologne .
between the puffs of his tobacco pipe , nicholas veddar once conveyed to me that a man must never use his physical advantages to expose his wifes frailties .
but in this instance , he appeared in his time - honored smoking jacket with an equally identifiable long pipe of black tobacco smoldering in front of his visage .
the seemingly random documents of a criminal and non - criminal origin strewn throughout the room may have resembled clutter to a maidservants eye , but holmes had fastidiously positioned most objects here , right down to a coalscuttle preserving his cigars to a persian slipper bulging with a toe full of tobacco .
an odor of acrid tobacco stirred like a mystics vapors in the air , and hints of cigarette smoke and other potentially toxic fumes churned unpleasantly in my nostrils .
i refused both products , but refrained from lecturing him on the injurious affects of smoking tobacco .
he did nt move any closer to me , however , until stuffing his nostrils full of lavender and tobacco leaves .
he reeked of unwashed armpits , cherry - flavored tobacco , and cheap booze .
i liked your joke , he murmured in a voice that sounded as if he chewed flaming tobacco leaves for the past five decades .
a slight odor of cherry tobacco and stale sweat lingered on the chair he sat upon , but certainly not with enough pungency for the receptionist to distinguish .
if saving mankind from dread disease was no longer of any consequence , then miles could nt see how trimmed nasal hair , a natty wardrobe and smelling like something other than gin and tobacco were of any import whatsoever .
they seemed to be anachronistic somehow , from a bygone era and time when tobacco and cigarettes had been more tightly woven into the culture of manhood .
he sucked a long , satisfying drag of turkish tobacco smoke into his lungs and gazed out across the desert at the scenic panorama stretching to the horizon before him , then killed the engine on his kawasaki .
as an encore to his play desert beauty sucks , miles aggressively spat a few grains of stray tobacco from his filter - less brunes onto the desert floor before him .
one ticket to oblivion please , thought miles with a grin that was stained with more than just dark , turkish tobacco .
he located the book of matches that he always kept inside the plastic wrapping around the outside of the pack and sparked up a smoke , inhaling the aromatic turkish tobacco deeply , savoring the rich taste as he lightly touched the tip of his swollen tongue to the butt end of the cigarette .
god bless the boy scouts of america and their always be prepared motto , thought miles as he relished the taste of the tobacco and thought about the wisdom of always keeping a pack of matches with his cigarettes .
no wads of paper or foam fillers between me and my tobacco please , i like it neat , thought miles with a jaded grin as he spat out a small grain of tobacco that had strayed from the end of his cigarette to the tip of his tongue .
no wads of paper or foam fillers between me and my tobacco please , i like it neat , thought miles with a jaded grin as he spat out a small grain of tobacco that had strayed from the end of his cigarette to the tip of his tongue .
like that grain of tobacco , miles could feel himself becoming bitter .
he found himself enjoying the act of spitting out small grains of tobacco .
miles finally succeeded in lighting his cigarette , and he inhaled rich , pungent tobacco smoke from virginia with lustful abandon .
just pure , untainted , glorious tobacco native american style , thought miles with satisfaction as he simultaneously inhaled the fresh ocean breeze and the aromatic smoke from his natural cigarette .
that luxuriously rich blend of darkest turkish tobacco would forever make the tobacco glands in his brain salivate with desire .
that luxuriously rich blend of darkest turkish tobacco would forever make the tobacco glands in his brain salivate with desire .
my thinking window , said hobson with a smile and a twinkle in his eye as he fired up one of miles spirits , settling back in his old rocking chair to enjoy the tobacco .
it looks taller at night , said miles solemnly as he french - inhaled the pungent tobacco smoke from his cigarette back through his nose .
letting the good doctor smoke unfiltered cigarettes with abandon , despite miles protestations that these particular cigarettes only contained natural tobacco , did nt feel to bruce like he was performing his duties very well .
miles grinned with satisfaction as he enjoyed the dark , rich turkish tobacco and watched the colors in the sky grow more vibrant by the minute , blending with each other and reflecting off the green water that stretched out before him .
and it moves , said miles as he exhaled rich , pungent tobacco smoke from his brunes and thought about hobson green .
i know the smell of my new leather jacket is nt enough to cover the offensive tobacco odor , and in fact , probably makes it worse , but i lie to her anyway .
i d grown used to the smell of leather and tobacco , and miss it ten minutes into class .
even though i just smoked my last cigarettehopefullyid rather not reek of tobacco when i walk inside .
he reassured himself with a quick pocket check for the presence of tobacco , honey - whiskey , and honey , knocked on the door .
just the same , as he directed a quick salute to the sales rep wilson , a slightly pleasant superciliousness washed over him , a feeling of gratitude to the fate that had given him cafes and saved him from the america of sports bars and chewing tobacco .
hung lit a cigarette , barely put it over his lips , then dropped it to the pavement , his foot crushing the brown tobacco leaves .
ah , he breathed , baring his tobacco teeth , i know khanh .
multi - agro - culturals : ... tobacco : .. alcohol ... and other : illicit - drugs ... firearms : sales ?
she smelled like stale tobacco smoke and ivory soap .
i think he had a wad of chewing tobacco in his cheek .
who chimed in : on the warm hearth of your hair , i breathe the odor of tobacco mixed with opium and sugar .
thanks , i tell the clerk , who barely looks old enough to buy tobacco let alone sell it .
he took a puff of his pipe and blew out a cloud of vanilla tobacco as he sat back in his armchair , which is to say , as far as they understand , they are people of this land .
a single candle flickered behind the head of rakesh-7 like a halo , immersing his face in shadow , as he settled back in the armchair and blew out a cloud of vanilla tobacco , leaving bunnu with the distinct impression that he had somehow come to be immersed in a kind of field of particles undergoing incredible shifts in energy .
don jones was old but tough as a yard bird or a piece of beef jerky that was more gristle than beef , and he had an anchor tattoo on his forearm from his days in the navy in ww ii and he still wore his hair in a crew cut and he chewed and spat tobacco and his boxy small inner city house was hotter than hell but he did nt notice because he was old and always felt a little chilly , and here and there along every wall were stacked boxes and metal cabinets filled with old electronic parts and vacuum tubes and odd grey - metal instruments with meters for faces and odd assortments of toggles with names on tape stuck beneath them and one with a big red button that said ` ` do not touch ! ''
he clicked his tongue spat out flecks of tobacco , and said morosely , these white men they pay themselves plenty , but us poor black men he wrinkled his nose and asked , what was i saying ?
he never seemed to know where his matches were and when he found them , he would begin another search for his tobacco pouch .
from the inner rooms clouds of tobacco smoke floated in , she kept coughing , but did not close the door .
to be sure it 's a matter of business , a partnership for mutual benefit , with equal shares and expenses ; food and drink provided , but pay for your tobacco .
the miasma of chewing tobacco fumigated the car .
its dope , not tobacco .
he put out his hand to her , and she noticed the tobacco on his fingers as well .
he was selling a fifth of vodka to a kid with acne and tobacco stains on his fingers .
and now it was here , suddenly , stirred first by the combustion of tobacco and then fully aroused by fear , a fear caused by the aborted burst of violence on the other side of the room .
his uniform is rumpled and smoky , his fingers tobacco stained .
some said that they grew the world 's best tobacco , them and not his own people .
he smoked the cigarette in four deep , gluttonous drags , feeling the giddiness of the marlboros fermented tobacco mixing with the chemistry of the synthetic nicotine his skin was absorbing from the patch .
he hoped that a second read , intensive this time , would lead to some understanding of the significance of tobacco .
the wind circled , smoke from tobacco and tires stung the eyes .
hugh reached into his breast pocket and drew out his tobacco , pipe and lighter , he packed a pipe , pulled on it then held it to paddy 's mouth .
hugh recovered his composure , nodded his head slightly and looked thoughtful , from his greatcoat pocket he took out his pipe and sucked on it unlit not daring to inhale even a whiff of tobacco smoke .
` ` you know where there be fresh meat , '' he said spitting the contents of his mouth accurately onto the animal 's head , the black man 's grin revealed rows of white teeth as the thick brown tobacco juices rolled down the dog 's face .
no , i never touch tobacco .
he aims a wad of tobacco at the spittoon before answering .
she peppered the tobacco with solvent violet 13 , which kane and his roommate had stolen from the university 's chemistry annex .
stacked from floor to ceiling were large cardboard cartons labeled with the names p. lorillard and company and american tobacco company .
they started issuing tobacco ration cards in june , and everyone has to buy their own smokes now .
the air was blue with tobacco smoke .
the air was hazy with tobacco smoke .
once in awhile since the war has ended , to take some polish vodka to trade for english tobacco , yes .
the authorities everywhere will overlook a little smuggling for a bottle of vodka or two , or a tin of tobacco .
it was panting and wheezing as if smoking a barrel of tobacco .
` ` you have drunk ayahuasca , he said in a deep voice , crinkling with age as he puffed mapacho , wild jungle tobacco .
the tobacco looked ready for harvesting .
every year he hired one to help bring in his crop , using the jews machine , which the jew rented to georg after his own tobacco was cut and stored .
its weathered planks served no purpose but to mark the turnoff for the dirt track leading to the farmhouse surrounded by large tracts of tobacco , gottliebs and his neighbors .
i restocked all the cigarettes in the overhead display , amazing how many brands of cigarettes there were , must be a factory somewhere with the same tobacco , same rolling paper , same hard packs and soft packs , same foil , same cellophane , but with a different logoa different fucking logo ! on the front , that made all the difference , made you feel like you were more than just another asshole on a march toward death .
possible meanings of emigration and tobacco factory are also dismissed .
he busied himself , packing it with tobacco , and the sweet scent filled the air .
the tobacco smoke was sweeter still .
phil noticed deep sorrow , no tobacco fumes .
the faint scent of tobacco bothered him , but maybe she had needed a few puffs .
out of the side pocket of my jacket i removed the red pack of cigarettes and opened it to - ward her , the blue lighter placed the flame just below the packed tobacco and i watched as it crackled .
jon and gus had gone out for drinks the night he had left the tobacco in the car .
pat gave them tobacco and salt .
they like salt and tobacco , but they prefer knives and axes .
he sucked the lighted tobacco with the same rhythm he breathed , flaring the end with each heavy draw , disgorging the smoke along the shaft of the cigarette still held in contact with his lower lip , and flaring the end again .
after a hearty whiff of the tobacco smoke , claude reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a cigarette .
the southern colonies had tobacco , cotton and the lucrative slave trade , exporting their goods . ''
he pulled a rolling paper out of the packet and pinched it between his index finger and thumb then filled it with a mixture of tobacco and pot , licked it and rolled the cigarette closed with two fingers ; he watched the apartment balconies across from him .
it stunk of sour mash and tobacco smoke .
they are mostly congenial fellows , with jaunty moustaches and pouches of black tobacco , with which they trade for our meagre supplies of chocolate .
the nurses not bothering to even fuss over them ; they simply sat on the sea wall smoking dark tobacco .
i like the cutting taste ; it goes well with black tobacco .
having seen him from a distance perform on stage with the calmness of a hundred - year - old spirit , i was surprised to find up close that he smelled of tobacco .
he now looked again to the marketplace : shadows of long - dead men crisscrossed , often merging , then separating ; ghosts of tourists of travels - past kicked up dust and spat casually upon the sand - speckled pavement ; mirages of a herd of lesser bison-21 , drinking from the water of a distant oasis , shimmered up from a bare patch of sidewalk through which no one dared trespass for fear that these venomous beasts should advance upon them and drain them of every drop of hydrating fluid ; bands of shade grew over the facades of buildings , stretching to encompass the street and its shifting crowd of people as the sun dipped and the sky slowly darkened ; in the billowing eve , calls of sellers collided in air in jumbles of heretofore nonexistent phonemes which now manifested new language , constructing highly improbable and perhaps even monstrous word combinations that could only serve to encode and further dictate the terms of a newly - devised universe ( or set of universes ) , the likes of which would be far beyond the imagination of any sentient being here , who , hemmed in by the parameters of reason that gave shape and boundary to this particular universe , would be relegated to disregarding altogether those unlikely elements and , certainly , those seeming irrelevant factors which lay well outside the scope of his understanding or capacity to theorize ; stray dogs with bioluminescent fur barked at a dealer in illegal parlor game equipment , who skulked at the corner of the darkened alley they had marked as their territory , whispering surreptitiously to passers - by about the unmatched intensity of field generated by his electromagnetic repulsion ball paddles ; overhead hung huge bronze scarabs suspended in air by thick elastic cables which connected each metal insect with the ones next to , in front of , and behind it , until the whole network of them hung over the town in a static grid pattern , despite their tendency to bob and sway at the slightest breeze or tremor ; the smells of rotting meats , spices , nuts , vanilla tobacco , urine , naphthalene , and quick - dry semen swirled upward in fumes from the streets to creep over buildings , escape between the elastic cables , and envelop the scarabs whole in their invisible clouds , before finally sweeping over the exterior of a giant pink translucent bubble that was perched high above the entire scarab grid ; a nude bodhisattva floated in the center of this bubble with his knees to his chest and his eyes closed , as he contemplated just how far out of the bubble and into deep space the tensile wires , which pierced his arms , legs , ears , eyes , nose , throat and genitalia , extended : whence they came and why , apart from their apparent purpose as a mechanism for measuring stimulus - response activity in him , for he was merely a test subject in a double - blind experiment ; an old , wounded veteran of a forgotten war looked up at the enlightened thinker - cum - examinee and he cackled rancorously thus , wasing time , aicha papy !
yet , oddly enough , he had the feeling that he was not at all far away from his hometown and in yami , but rather , suddenly back in the safe comforts of homein his parents attic , in fact , talking to rakesh-7 , who he imagined to be sitting in darkness in front of him , smoking vanilla tobacco from a pipe .
inside half an apple grew gray fuzz , two slices of mold covered pizza leaked goo and some cigarette butts spit - glued to the cardboard added that special tobacco stain .
the leather - faced man rubbed his mutton chops and spat chewing tobacco juice in the toilet .
spice , tobacco , testosterone ?
charlotte and mccoy invested the rest of mccoy 's money in four chipped drinking glasses and two barrels of taos lightning ( laced with pepper , tobacco and gunpowder ) .
leaning against the wall , he held the cigarette out , watched it glow , let the aroma of tobacco and menthol spread through the stinking room .
the smell of the pipe tobacco perpetually filled the house with a sweet , slightly piquant aroma .
i remember a bunch of tobacco was in there for smoking in ceremonies .
his flannel shirt and docker slacks were perfectly clean if somewhat wrinkled , and the only disagreeable odor emanating from his body was stale tobacco .
clearing his throat , he spit on the ground then stuck an unfiltered cigarette between his lips , lit the tobacco and sucked a deep draft of smoke into his lungs .
the cluttered room stank of stale tobacco .
hinzelmeier then took his tobacco pipe from his pocket , and as he blew a blue cloud in front of him , he exclaimed triumphantly , well then !
his jaws were balled out as if he had a mouth stuffed full of chewing tobacco .
garrett sweated a lot on the court and always took his shirt off , so nobody really wanted to guard him , partly because he d make you look bad , but also because of the sweat , which always smelled like tobacco smoke .
i mean , i can read which smoking tobacco i want in the store , and i can sign my mark .
he was behaving amiably , and trying to get himself into easy domestication with his children entering into mirahs music , showing himself docile about smoking , and walking out in the square with his pipe and the tobacco which mirah gave him .
he was glad to sit back down again ; the hit of tobacco from his last drag had made him feel slightly ill . more joints came his way , and he inhaled from them all , some with the harsh kick of tobacco , some with a smooth caress of leb .
he was glad to sit back down again ; the hit of tobacco from his last drag had made him feel slightly ill . more joints came his way , and he inhaled from them all , some with the harsh kick of tobacco , some with a smooth caress of leb .
once wells had finished his wine , he reached for his jacket and pulled out a tobacco tin .
he opened a tobacco tin and started to roll a joint .
he inhaled too , but not quite as deeply as august , wary that in his sober state the tobacco would make him feel queasy .
he tore off the blackened stub to reveal fresh tobacco and lit it .
through battle , james could hear his father rustling his newspaper , occasionally saying hmm , and refilling his pipe with sweet - smelling house tobacco he bought from the smoke shop downtown .
shut up , keller , chris said , putting a lip of tobacco in .
by 1895 it had become a bustling town of over 8,000 souls , thanks principally to one commodity : tobacco .
king tobacco is less regal today than information technology and the overall service sector .
it was n't always this way although tobacco warehouses have always outnumbered apartment buildings or hotels .
located in the former tobacco warehouse district , at the corner of pedigrew and blackwell , along the rail tracks , its an elderly brick structure completed 1920 whose immediate neighbors are a few weed - strewn vacant lots and a multi - story parking garage .
three hundred yards to the south lies the squattishly regal american tobacco company manufacturing plant , another registered structure ; the downtown durham historic district is directly to the south and the bright leaf historic district is to the southeast .
durhams score of tobacco warehouses were made of brick , but like most other structures at the time the carrolina was wooden and when it burned in 1907 , the city fathers mandated that future construction would be of brick .
the following year rival tobacco tycoon benjamin newton duke constructed the malbourne ( local matrons had objected to taurus , its original name ) whose 125 rooms with steam heat , telephones and hot and cold water , as well as 50 private bathrooms .
all the local celebrities , including the tobacco barons , attended the sterlings inauguration ball on may day .
either the manufacturers give the regional health authority free samples like the tobacco companies used to give cigarettes to high school students ( or even worse candy cigarettes to primary pupils ) , or she could just take a few cases home .
once an antebellum tobacco plantation , it has now been converted to a more profitable and much more politically correct crop , corn , for the ethanol industry .
the center part of the city , the old downtown with the state capitol and the various courthouses , is charming , in contrast with durham , the former tobacco capital , which was once warehouses and now their indistinguishable replacements .
he knows , through his friends boasts , that william was the initiator and founding president of his schools gay - straight alliance , and for his pains he got a write - up in the times which characterized william as the scion of carolina tobacco wealth .
sterling sniffs it to confirm its not tobacco .
his anger was not an i - want - to - smash - my - fist - through - the - wall anger , more like shaking his head with a clint eastwoodish those - fuckin - bastards followed by a spittle of tobacco and much revenge .
it seems that our catcher , spud winkle had a big old chaw of tobacco in his mouth and nowhere to spit .
we both nodded , so bronco pulls a half a chaw of tobacco out of his pocket and says , then , here you go .
so , our first experience with tobacco turned me brown and turned shine white .
more grunting ... another cigarette being lighted the song playing now was a love song : a breathy woman with a twangy lilt wailing on about her man and his cowboy boots and chewing tobacco and how that other woman could nt love him like she could .
but the shock of six months silence did nt last long : adele d. hoffmans face went crimson red , tinged tobacco gray .
then sue the tobacco companies .
cal , his yellowish gray hair sticking out , inhaled his sweet - smelling pipe tobacco mixture .
every breath reeked of tobacco .
the smoking room was aptly named as it possessed a very strong smell of tobacco which clung to the leather furniture and wallpaper , and had discoloured the ceiling with a pronounced yellowish stain .
in front of us stood a low oaken table on which there was more mead and wine , and , appropriately for the room , a collection of long clay pipes , loose tobacco and spills .
tudor and hubert went through the rituals of piling tobacco into the pipes and puffing away at them to keep them alight .
jonah leaned over the table and dropped his tobacco pouch next to doc 's beer .
he chomped down hard on his tobacco and a trickle of dark liquid ran to his beard , already heavily stained .
he began again to laugh , so hard that his wad of tobacco spilled , dripping from his narrow chin .
he cackled again , coughed up some tobacco then went on .
he had leaned over the table , his head falling lower and lower and lower as he spoke , until his face was flat on the table , his hand still clasping an empty styrofoam coffee cup , his tobacco running over his chin .
i ' ve run out of tobacco , '' he said with an exaggerated groan .
he bit off a chew of tobacco and made notes on the most efficient and least complicated method of producing the job .
accumulated during the week were such investments as : tobacco .10 , stamps .20 , lunch .45 , moving picture .50 , haircut .30 .
so while he 's shaking the little cloth pouch to get a line of tobacco on that piece of brown paper , he looks up at leroy .
his day was over , or so it looked like , since his suspenders dropped from his shoulders , his baggy pants were dirty , his boots muddied to near the tops , tobacco spittle browned his chin whiskers he had two or three days unshaved beard .
he rolled a cigarette , nervous hands working the paper and tobacco which spilled on the table he wiped at it with his gnarly hand , then he struck a sulphur match under the table .
he spit a stream of brown tobacco juice and a drool ran down his shaggy unshaved chin onto his dirty flannel plaid shirt .
the marshal yanked a chaw from a large brown mass of tobacco in a watertight oilskin pack .
likely when he smelled the fresh odor of the tobacco , the marshal thought with a grin .
as they sat afterward bill offered his pouch of tobacco and papers .
he asked for a chaw , but the best that could be done was a cut plug of packaged tobacco .
i slid my hand along the edge of the bar it felt dry , and dusty , from ash and tobacco flakes like the ones now melting away in carters stomach .
more than a sweet bowl of tobacco .
when i was doneafter i explained that i had apparently faintedprofessor markson sat back in his chair and lit a ruminative bowl of frowzy tobacco .
lodging his wad of chewing tobacco in a perpetually bulging cheek polished to a high , red gloss , he spat , ya gon na get off ?
the driver shouted down the aisle , spraying a coarse mist of tobacco juice .
he boggled an eye at me menacingly , his shiny tobacco cheek crimson and angry below it .
it 's got the same engravin ' as on the razor , the comb , and a tobacco tin .
how 's about i trade ya for the tobacco tin ?
the tobacco and black ash became highlights amongst the colourful scraps of paper that lay upon the floor .
a black ashy spot of paper and tobacco leaves marked the floor .
he expertly spat a stream of tobacco at the base of a pine tree .
she 's an old society battle - axe like me and her husband is a big shot in a tobacco company so she moves in both society and money circles .
he d smoke his pipe , the sweet tang of tobacco filling my nostrils .
within it mounds of tobacco ash competed for presence with a dozen red - smeared cigarette butts .
` ` leon got no kid , '' he said , casually putting the tobacco wrap into his gold holder .
he punctuated his disgust by spitting out a wad of tobacco .
it contained sage , pipestone , tobacco , and her umbilical cord and was believed to keep the wearer safe from harm .
mine has black / gold dust , sage , tobacco , and my umbilical cord .
abby took her rattles and bags of tobacco from the bundle .
alex tied the bundles of tobacco to the sticks that surrounded the fire .
a wave of tobacco smoke , booze , and pounding music wafted over me .
the woman drew out paper and tobacco and twirled the one up in the other with surprising dexterity .
when you pass bradley 's , would you ask her to send up a pound of the strongest shag tobacco ?
as i entered , however , my fears were set at rest , for it was the acrid fumes of strong coarse tobacco which took me by the throat and set me coughing .
my body has remained in this arm - chair and has , i regret to observe , consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco .
all afternoon and late into the evening she sat lost in tobacco and thought .
there was enough smoke in the air to cure ham ; and , by the smell of it , he knew it did nt all come from burning tobacco .
she still smelled the cherry - flavored pipe tobacco that filled the air when kenneth was alive , and she often longed for the love of her life , who had died suddenly of a heart attack twelve years ago .
if you re talking about tobacco .
ponytail , mustache , faded jeans , carries a cigarette lighter but does nt smoke tobacco .
those individuals that wanted to slip a little illegal drug use unnoticed in the tobacco smoke were losing their cover as the antitobacco campaign drove smokers into hiding .
i do nt suppose i should miss the tobacco smell .
the two men passed us , the scent of tobacco and incense trailing in their wake .
the man spit out something which smelled like chewing tobacco .
the barrel chested , unshaven middle - aged driver in overalls smiled through brown teeth and spit his tobacco on the black top next to bradleys feet .
the first year of his single fatherhood , he alone smoked enough cigars to keep the tobacco industry and cuba afloat .
by that time , murphy was in the room with his video camera , smelling like a tobacco plant , humming the dentist from little shop of horrors .
look at big tobacco .
his breath reeked of tobacco and his voice , several decibels above normal conversational level , came from around the enormous chaw he held in his mouth .
a slight , eastern - european accent came through in his speech , mixed up in with the tobacco juice and maine vernacular .
the smell in the house was heavy with tobacco , eau de cat pee , old man odor , and boiled chicken .
the odor of the place was typical of establishments of that sort : tobacco smoke and stale beer , overlaid with a faint smell of urine , except in the toilet , which was dominated by the piercing scent of mothballs .
joe dug in his pocket and pulled out a pouch of chewing tobacco .
joe had a golf - ball sized lump of tobacco in the hand that he was waving at louis and shreds were coming loose and flecking the table top .
the tobacco in his mouth was still dry , and small pieces accompanied the words from his mouth .
joe spit into the snow , most of the tobacco juice clearing his lip .
as long as i can still get my pipe tobacco and a haggis from time to time .
he has been adamant that the air of london is unfit to breathe , made worse still by the evils of tobacco , a strange assertion that others in his career have ridiculed outright .
expose them to a carcinogen like tobacco or radiation long enough .
i do nt even smoke tobacco .
he paused , took a pipe out of his pocket and started to fill it from a tobacco pouch on the desk .
old leggett had a tobacco jar made out of a human skull , and that s how they found out he killed his wife .
he said it was nt a skull no more , but a tobacco jar .
the stench of tobacco rising from him would have made her gagif she were nt so damn mad .
the scent of stale tobacco hung in the air .
nick detected the scent of tobacco in the air .
stale beer and old tobacco permeated the air .
cabernet sauvignon should contain elements of tobacco , briar , cassis , and cedar .
' just to pick up some tobacco , but that 's just a few doors from lon 's .
lighter fluid he picked up at a nearby tobacco shop , the syringe at a pharmacy .
he then tore the tissue paper very carefully and watched the tobacco spread out for a minute or so , and he had a spy glass which magnified things .
he also had a pin , and very slowly moved more tobacco to one side .
he sat up a little , then drew deep on the cigarette , coughing a little as he exhaled , grimacing as the burning tobacco left a trail of fire down his throat .
he carefully loaded his meerschaum with another plug of tobacco and eventually got it alight after wasting six or seven matches .
mice likewise considered his pipe disgusting beyond forgiveness and disappeared , although a tough street rat occasionally desecrated the premises , as well as chewing the detectives tobacco and spitting it back into his pipe .
pipistrello puzzled over why sometimes he could nt remember filling his pipe and those times the tobacco tasted like rats breath .
peering at him through the clouds of tobacco smoke , he asked , could you perhaps describe him ?
first massaging the tobacco until it was crumbled to the correct consistency , before carefully packing the bowl , tamping it down and sucking .
ignoring the folder on his desk , hawker picked up his pipe , packed it with tobacco , lit it and sat for a few minutes wreathed in tobacco smoke .
ignoring the folder on his desk , hawker picked up his pipe , packed it with tobacco , lit it and sat for a few minutes wreathed in tobacco smoke .
is he now hawker reached for his tobacco pouch and put his feet up on the desk .
i m sick of the bloody case , hawker muttered , pushing a wad of tobacco into the bowl of his pipe .
chapter 7 the fog was closing in as hawker , belching tobacco smoke , swept into the shop like the queen elizabeth sailing into new york harbour .
holly emptied an ash tray disbursing smells of stale tobacco .
similar to his protg , molek sported a full grizzled beard , save for the tobacco stains framing his lower lip and nostrils .
after kip slid in the booth across from the arch - backed proprietor , he smelled a faint odor of cinnamon tobacco .
big red kept a styrofoam cup half full of tobacco juice on the table .
he then hacked a wad of tobacco juice into his cup and leered at the beagle with eyes that might ve turned medusa to stone .
his puffy cheeks have a gray stubble and his breath smells of tobacco and beer .
cruz was heavier , and his breath smelled of tobacco .
it 's hanging above the storefront of a tobacco shop .
the musky smell of pipe tobacco washes over clay as he enters the shop .
he perfectly fits the caricature of a guy that would own a tobacco store .
he gritted his tobacco stained teeth together .
has nt been used since the old tobacco days when the slaves would roll the hogsheads down to the english ships to send them to london .
he struck the match against the box and set the black tobacco aglow .
sheila struck a match , setting the tobacco on fire and two of her red eyes in motion .
he fired the tobacco , looked up , and , in a billow of white smoke , said : i never heard mama say another word to j.b . as long as she lived .
if i closed my eyes , i could smell the faint aroma of pipe tobacco that had once , many years ago , filled this dark paneled room in celebration of miss calpurnia cottonwood .
by keeping his head down , he was able to avoid most of the tobacco smoke that hung just below the black beams .
mcfergus got out his pipe and some tobacco .
he lit a third pipeful of tobacco .
mcfergus was glad he had enough tobacco .
its warm , but there may not be much real tobacco in it .
' inspector akin may be able to analyse the tobacco , ayse .
he shook out the strands of tobacco and the scrap of paper on his desk .
he supposed it was marijuana , although the weed he d seen in the past had been like loose tobacco .
in his apartment , with a razor blade hyde carefully slit open one of the unfiltered camels and dumped the tobacco into a wastebasket .
found himself slitting another camel and dumping out the tobacco .
he chomped the corner off a fresh plug of tobacco and puke - red spit dribbled from the side of his mouth .
his sadistic grin revealed rotten tobacco stained teeth .
she shivered at the mention of the foul - smelling tobacco .
edie draped the scarf over her lap , lit another cigarette , and dabbed a piece of tobacco off her tongue .
got any tobacco ?
i watched as he got out a few things , some of which i recognized as bones and tobacco .
like what , patrick blurted , spilling a bit of burning tobacco on his pants .
but samuel brought out some tobacco and waved his bag of mysterious things a bit , and the wind stopped dumping so much ash his way .
ned started to go on , but samuel blew out a big cloud of tobacco smoke and continued .
he put some more tobacco into his pipe , first holding some to the air then putting it into the fire .
i passed ned some pipe tobacco .
a bit of loose tobacco , purchased from a tobacco store .
a bit of loose tobacco , purchased from a tobacco store .
i put tobacco on a rock to appease the manitous .
he moved a wad of chewing tobacco from one side of his mouth to another and then bent down slightly and shot a stream of juice into some unseen receptacle .
it was an odd gentleman who did not like tobacco in some form or other , but i 'd always found i could take it or leave it alone .
he waited until he was on the sidewalk before he lit his tobacco .
he would be the first to acknowledge that he was a tobacco addict .
he lit up more tobacco and walked on to the west bank to meet up with gandalf and james .
he smelled like stale tobacco .
he spit a glob of chewing tobacco into an open stall .
he took the cigarette from between his lips and spit , like he 'd gotten a piece of tobacco on his tongue .
she could smell the scent of tobacco on him as it clung to his clothes and hair .
i could smell his tobacco breath , mixed with peppermint , and clouds of nausea swirled around me .
well good on yer , girl , he smiled , showing teeth brown from years of tobacco .
` ` sherlock holmes used to refer to complex cases as requiring more than one pipeful of tobacco to ruminate over .
i break it in two and pour the tobacco into my mouth .
she was twirling the phone cord around her hand , she still smelt of tobacco as she had been outside where she had just consumed three cigarettes in a row .
the smell of tobacco caught their attention upon entering .
heres where the tobacco scent is coming from .
but the tobacco tasted strange .
it was a thing of beauty , long and tightly rolled in a single black tobacco leaf .
there were also plenty of others using smokeless tobacco , a wad of the stuff tucked between cheek and gum .
he entered his soundproof conference room , where the sweet odor of high - quality tobacco lingered in the air .
he spit his tobacco juice into it , then set it back .
he chewed on the tobacco so slowly that steele could almost swear he saw the man 's mind working on whether or not he should say anything .
the man spit out more tobacco juice as he listened .
he was mad as hell , chewing a wad of tobacco so hard and fast the juice squirted from both sides of his mouth and ran down his chin .
he was a big man , probably two - sixty , wheezed when he breathed , had a gray handlebar mustache stained yellow from tobacco .
and he always wore navy - blue suspenders and white starched shirts , most with a collection of tiny cinder holes from airborne tobacco embers .
silently , and studiously , he went through the inventory , page by page as his tobacco burned out and he stopped puffing .
he reached into his coat pocket and removed a tobacco pouch .
he asked , striking a match and waving it over the bowl of tobacco .
the smell was of stale tobacco and stagnant air .
he opened it and smelled tobacco smoke and heard a chair creak .
the tobacco industry lobbied to have john lowell removed from office .
even better , he had the charming habit of chewing tobacco and spitting the black - yellow juice wherever and whenever he saw fit .
` ` okay , '' ralph replied , a thick ball of tobacco bulging in his cheek .
his breath reeked of liquor and tobacco .
his mother actually chewed tobacco , lily !
bulletproof , a bullet - analyzing module used by the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms , was used to link data from past crimes with more recently discovered firearms .
he knew that ibis stood for integrated ballistic identification system , a new computer program that the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms used to store bullet and shell casings .
clu was on the pitcher 's mound , leaning forward , about to go into a stretch , his cheek bulging with tobacco chaw , his eyes squinting at a sign he would undoubtedly shake off .
like most jelief pitchers , he chewed gum or tobacco with the ferocity of a lion gnawing on a recently downed gazelle .
the scent of roasted meat was strong , lamb if she was n't mistaken , tempered by the musty smell of cheap tobacco .
the grand hall in the palace of facets was full of spectators and press , the still air laced by a blue fog from commissioners who seemed to continually enjoy tobacco in one form or another .
chyna looked over at him expectantly , enjoying the mixture of the tobacco and vodka in her stomach .
she took a drag on the hookah and could feel a slight buzz from both the alcohol and tobacco already .
his breath carries remnants of tobacco and a vision of my mother prancing around the house with a glass of wine , nursing her second pack of cigarettes for the day , pops into my mind .
she was pleased there was no chewing tobacco circle imprinted on the back pocket of his jeans , either .
` ` good point , pa . you got some chewing tobacco to go with that ? ''
jeff smoked a lot , but being the rich prick he was , he liked smoking expensive loose tobacco out of a pipe like he was freaking hugh hefner , so he was always lighting up matches to take a couple puffs .
what 'd you do , switch the beef out with tobacco ? ''
a woman with tobacco stained teeth grinned a holey smile as she appeared .
he reached into the glove compartment , pulled out a small baggie , and started stuffing tobacco into a pipe .
wait - that was n't tobacco .
the masculine scents of tobacco , spice , and a hint of grapefruit hit her nostrils and affected her like she 'd dropped into a godiva factory .
i smiled at her unapologetically , before giving gramps a hug , inhaling the scent of tobacco lingering on his clothes .
gramps practically shouted before wrapping his burly arms around me , the smell of tobacco lingering on his clothes .
even though the girls were on the young side , if one of them had leaned over and spat out a wad of tobacco juice , i would n't have been surprised .
earl shifted his chaw of tobacco and eyed aidan 's hand .
earl spit out a stream of tobacco juice .
in a hushed voice , she murmured , ` ` do n't even think about taking up chewing tobacco to impress granddaddy .
as she smoothed out the rumpled linens on the bed , he smoked , enjoying the lightness the tobacco gave his head .
but he still liked the way they felt in his hands , the ritual of bringing one to his lips , the way the tobacco smelled .
nick brought the cigarette to his mouth again , sucking in the faint taste of tobacco before handing it over to kelly .
her eyes were tobacco brown , wide and light with sun inside them .
this all was intermingled with a discount tobacco store that sold all types of smoker delights for all types of things you could smoke ; two discount liquor stores ; a drug store ; a tailor who seemed to specialize in stitching biker patches into leather ( or at least that was what the sign in the window said ) ; two convenience stores , one opposite the hotel , one at the other end of town opposite the mechanic ; a busy grocery store about a quarter the size of the mega - grocery stores that every other town in the nation seemed to have and it looked like it 'd been there since 1967 ; a bakery ; a hardware store ; a flower shop ; a gas station and a variety of other nowheresville places to fill a nowheresville town .
he smelt like her father with the touch of tobacco and the fabric softener that her mother liked to use .
he 's tall , always wears black , and he smells like the vanilla tobacco he loves to smoke .
it smelled like stale tobacco and damp towels and men .
it read something like tobacco , spirits , and open all nite , in heavy script .
it definitely was nt tobacco .
when he held out his arms to her , she moved forward to embrace him , there was a strong smell of cologne and tobacco clinging to him .
something flared in his eyes , and then i found myself in his arms , the aroma of whiskey and tobacco clinging to him .
there was a row of spittoons on the floor , while the stale smell of whiskey mixed with tobacco .
he smelled clean , of soap , and earth , and tobacco .
struggling to roll her cumbersome body over to face him , lynna rested with her lips less than an inch from his as their breath mingled and she inhaled the heady fragrances of tobacco and wine .
` ` just tobacco , '' emilia said .
` ` in summary , '' emilia said , tamping another wad of tobacco into her pipe and lighting it , ` ` you did n't want to get anywhere near a guy who liked you without knowing you and matt did n't want to hang around a girl who attracted him when he did n't know anything about her .
then he saw a gang of apaches , young toughs wearing striped sailors jerseys and baggy pants with red sashes , hanging out at the corner tobacco store .
they strolled past a tobacco shop , a candy shop , and another coffee shop .
she spat tobacco juice into an empty tuna - fish can with deadly precision .
we stayed there for a long time , waiting for movement , waiting for zombies to pop out of every unseen place at the sound of the engine rumbling , waiting for a holed up , half - insane farmer to come barreling out of the front door spitting tobacco , angry shotgun in hand .
` ` you were quite wonderful , tess , '' aaron said as he tamped tobacco in his meerschaum .
he pulled the brown wrapped tobacco away from his lips and blew a ring of smoke above his head .
john brockman , the gruff old cowboy , shook his head , lifted an empty tin can to his lips and spit out a stream of tobacco juice .
eilish breathed him in , and the mixture of spicy male scent , leather and tobacco filled her senses .
half his teeth were missing and the other half were blackened by chewing tobacco he had tucked under his lower lip .
he spewed a stream of tobacco at max 's feet and then wrenched the rifle out of his hands .
jc coughed , her eyes stinging , and waited as satigi handed over the gifts , a machete , umbrella , and tobacco .
johan pulled out a pipe , filled it with tobacco , and lit it , his eyes never wavering from his guests .
he smelled heavily of sweat and tobacco and kayiba drew closer to her , clutching his bundle .
on the walls , hanging from the railings , and displayed on shelves and tables scattered throughout the room was an eclectic mix of americana from the late nineteenth century and early twentiethantique quilts , a metal esso sign from a crossroads gas station , a bull durham tobacco poster , a display of soda - pop bottles , a wooden pitchfork , a hand - crank coffee mill , a stack of saturday evening post magazines , an old stand - up radio in its ornate wood cabinet , an empty pickle barrel .
best collection of tobacco tins this side of richmond .
mama said they d line up at the old american tobacco warehouse downtown whenever jobs came open .
then the tobacco companies stopped the hand - painting and did it all with machines .
when they stepped out of the car , they were enveloped in the sweet earthy smell of cured tobacco being turned into cigarettes at the two sprawling factories just down the road .
the smell was wonderfully rich and exotic , like a spice from a distant land , about as far removed from the biting odor of tobacco smoke as two odors from the same substance could be .
if he was in his sixties or seventies , with a beer gut and tobacco stained teeth , the anticipation of spending the night with him would be filled with even more dread than it already was .
when he lights it , i can smell the sickly sweet stink of the mary jane he laces his tobacco with .
charlie plucks a flake of tobacco from his tongue .
she felt her lips on his familiar skin , and could smell the beloved combination of french tobacco and aftershave .
he tossed it to her and she was immediately assailed by the odor of tobacco .
a beautiful old mahogany sofa with a serpentine back and , beside it , a small , round - topped table upon which someone had left a pipe and a drawstring bag of tobacco .
the clerk , a gray - haired gentleman with the scent of tobacco heavy around him , took the card and turned away , apparently to take down the numbers .
though , he was considering gradually transitioning to the transportation of tobacco or at least use it to conceal the other contraband .
plenty bad round those tobacco and rice fields .
the captains ship was being repaired in dry dock , and he planned to take off a couple of months to wait on the tobacco harvest .
sir george was completing final business transactions as his crew continued to load the tobacco onto his ship with the goal to leave mid - morning the following day while sarah continued to struggle with her bindings in the enveloping darkness .
do you know that sir georges ship just came from south america and stopped here to pick up tobacco ?
it must be from the tobacco he uses that is making it harder to fight off , sarah surmised .
it is the tobacco that is affecting your breathing .
up north to deliver tobacco , he answered .
it could have something to do with his smoking tobacco .
pipes and tobacco of all kinds were sold .
it had been hard but shed done it , shed quit on the spot , though for weeks after shed stood by her friends as they puffed on their cigarettes and shed inhaled deeply , trying to suck in gulps of tobacco smoke , anything to breathe nicotine into her body .
blanche longed for a simple noisette drunk at un zinc , a little caf in paris , the smell of brown tobacco and wet footprints .
she had been afraid before , but now , with his hips grinding insistently against her and the rank scent of whiskey and tobacco choking her , she knew raw terror .
ah , its a device you can use to smoke tobacco or marijuana with .
sinclair sat , breathing in the fragrant tobacco smoke of a fine cigar and listening to muted chatter .
she smelled the tobacco before she saw him .
she was an heiress to a nearby tobacco plantation .
thick white hair that was shaved to a near crew cut status and just slightly thinning on top , closely cropped mustache , dark eyebrows , tanned skin , trim build and the rich scent of cherry pipe tobacco hanging on his clothes .
cherry tobacco smoke made lazy curls from the pipe he held to his mouth .
he was smoking his favorite pipe , the one mammas grandpa had given him , and delicate swirls of cherry tobacco danced above his head .
he paused to pack some tobacco into the bowl of the wooden pipe and refill our tea glasses .
he did both with precision , not spilling a crumb of tobacco from the pouch or a drop of tea from the pitcher .
he tapped his pipe on the edge of a marble ashtray to dump out some loose tobacco .
watching the cherry tobacco smoke dance lazily around daddy before escaping through the screens , it dawned on me that he looked relaxed .
she never would have shared a couch with sugar in her teens , because sugar would either have been half - unconscious and snoring in a drug - induced sleep or bouncing around erratic and wired and not making any sense , stinking of tobacco smoke and worse .
he was on the edge of his seat gesturing extensively , the skinny fingers of his right hand stained from tobacco .
anyone else getting the strong smell of tobacco ?
once it was mentioned , i picked up the smell of pipe tobacco , and wondered how i d missed it .
with the tobacco and the trickery i think we are dealing with a kapre .
i could smell the tobacco aroma overly strong in the area , which i hoped meant we were in the right place .
if you stopped using that strong tobacco , people would nt be able to smell you from miles away , nate said .
i ve stopped with the tobacco , but evidently after smoking it for so many years , the scent still lingers .
i had nt seen him anywhere and had nt had a chance to take a deep breath and search for the tobacco in the air .
the other chewed on something , and by the black color of his teeth i guessed it was tobacco .
these mannerisms were punctuated by the almost incessant slow action , of cutting the tobacco , filling the pipe , and knocking ash out of the pipe .
mr birch put his hand up to scratch his head cigar and all releasing a tantalising stream of tobacco smoke that made ben want to hit him .
oh , dad , did you have to mention tobacco ?
when brenda had told her that he was a sheriff , she 'd immediately pictured a caricature of southern law enforcement : overweight , pants hanging too low , small mirrored sunglasses , a mouth full of chewing tobacco .
` ` we could either do that or go sit on my porch , chew some tobacco , and play banjos . ''
my father was on one of the house committees that oversaw the ` ` red influence '' supposedly infiltrating every aspect of the country , including national defense , higher education , and even tobacco farming .
historical events like signing the constitution come along only once every few hundred years , and no matter how you sliced it , debating farm subsidies for tobacco farmers or talking about the ` ` red influence '' was never going to cut it .
she loved to open them and find the tobacco smell still there , as if the owner had just finished the last pinch .
( ` ` we will call chase , jeans are too tight , and fulton shall be short one chewing tobacco , '' hassan whispered to colin . )
and then the other colin ( toc ) and jeans are too tight ( jatt ) and short one chewing tobacco ( soct ) and katrina were all abuzz , talking and laughing and asking lindsey questions .
he talked to them like they were nine years old , and colin was wondering if mr . lyford thought they were younger than they actually were when mr . lyford turned back to them with a can of chewing tobacco and offered them each a pinch .
he started to walk off and then stopped and pulled out his can of chewing tobacco .
he pulled out mr . lyford 's can of chewing tobacco .
he pinched a bit of tobacco , and pressed it against his own earlobe .
soon their stings were covered with blobs of wet tobacco dripping brown , wintergreen - flavored juice .
ramshackle farmhouses , barren fields , decaying tobacco barns , stands of trees ... mile after mile .
chapter 19 an overwhelming smell of tobacco crammed the air , casting a foggy haze throughout the room as rebecca followed daniel into riley 's gambling hell later that evening , the hood of her cloak concealing her identity from anyone who happened to be passing by .
on rare occasions reese smoked a cigar and the scent of rich tobacco and leather was more prominent in this room than anywhere else in the house .
this lawsuit was an opportunistic attempt to repeat what had happened with the tobacco companies years earlier .
his black eyes were intense , and his jaw pumped up and down even though he had no tobacco .
the first time i chewed tobacco my dad walked into the room and i swallowed it .
inside the chest of the clockwork creature was a mess of wires and what looked to cecily like a metal box , the kind that might hold tobacco .
they watched as the werewolf lit his cigar with evident relish , and the sweet scent of tobacco fil ed the room .
he did n't answer , instead lighting a cigarette , cupping the match in such a way as to keep the glow from reaching anything but tobacco .
on either side of the quiet road , empty tobacco fields stretched to the horizon , broken only by occasional groves of bare trees .
mama had never been mentioned again in this sprawling white house amid the tobacco and cornfields .
she recalled standing down at the pond trying to land one of the trout they 'd thrown into the water as fry ... or walking the fields at harvest time , when the air smelled of sweet white corn and tobacco smoke ... ...
she sniffed , but she did n't smell a pungent tobacco aroma .
it was made of heavy wool , thick as a peacoat and musty , like tobacco .
time and dust had turned it the color of tobacco .
the dusky taste of smoke and tobacco invaded her mouth .
a warm , gentle breeze blew past her , carrying with it a faint hint of the bergamot and tobacco she remembered from his embrace in the theater .
beyond the horizon one of his ships waited , its bel y ful of spirits and tobacco , rich materials and exotic spices .
he still wore hat and gloves , and the air around him was redolent of horses and tobacco .
she breathed him in , becoming intoxicated by the combination of tobacco and musk .
his new proximity brought the scent of his skin to her nostrils , a stirring mixture of leather and horses , musk and tobacco .
simon 's chuckle turned into a cough , the result of the tobacco smoke in the tavern aggravating lungs irritated by the smoke inhalation of the night before .
he smelled of tobacco and brandy and musk , and the fragrance soothed something restless inside her .
her body screamed for her to give in to his touch , his masculine scent of soap and tobacco , the gleam in his eyes that promised wicked pleasure .
nestled against his chest , she was comforted by his familiar scent , brandy and pipe tobacco with an undertone of hedge clippings .
bookshelves lined one wall and the room was awash in the comfortable mustiness of leather - bound volumes with a faint after - note of fribourg and treyer pipe tobacco .
once i 'd partaken of nearly every vice - alcohol , tobacco , drugs .
the flavor of tobacco reminded me of a time when insanity had ruled me , as it ruled me now .
but he smelled so good - like wind and trees and summertime , with a hint of tobacco that should have been unpleasant but was , instead , tempting .
` ` he left one day for a tin of tobacco and never came back .
the acrid - sweet odor of tobacco floated through the room .
the women he knew slept like lumberjacks , their painted mouths hanging open , their breath thick with the odor of old tequila and tobacco smoke .
the sharp tang of tobacco , the musty odor of a place that had n't been aired out in years , and the pungent stench of human sweat and dirty clothes .
this was tobacco country .
` ` y' all smell like a north carolina tobacco field in a wildfire , '' he said .
two of these were scattered with pipes , tobacco pouches , stray buttons , dirty handkerchiefs , empty beer jugs , and the like .
the lodge was immaculately clean , but still held the pleasantly frowsty air of a bachelor establishment , smelling of dogs , tobacco , and brandywine .
then grey caught the sound of another voice , deeper , gruff with age and tobacco , replying to something cumberland had said .
the duke was still coughing but had now dug a pipe out of the midden and was packing it with tobacco .
it had grown dark outside , and the smell of oncoming rain came in through the half - open window , mingling with the musky sweet scent of the tobacco .
it was n't tobacco ; the duke was drinking hemp smoke .
the dining room was laid with white napery and gleaming heavy silver , the smoking room furnished with well - aged leather chairs , sagging slightly in the seat and redolent of good tobacco .
he wandered slowly around the room , fingering the ornaments : a meissen figurine of a woman , a dove perched on her hand , taking a comfit from her lips ; a longcase clock with three dials , showing the time , the barometric pressure , and the phase of the moon ; a tobacco humidor made of a dark , unfamiliar kind of wood that he thought might be african ; a footed silver bowl full of sugared violets , jumbled and broken among a handful of ginger - nut biscuits ; a vicious - looking club with a peculiar knob at the end ; a curious piece of something ...
twelvetrees had his supporters , too , of course , but there were fewer of them , and they had retreated to a stronghold in the smoking room , from which a stream of uneasy but decidedly hostile murmuring flowed like the tobacco smoke that shielded them .
grey took a grateful lungful of the smoky air , fresh by comparison with the close atmosphere inside the guildhall , which was composed in equal parts of sweat , trampled food , tobacco , and the smell of rage - and fear .
she smelled a hint of tobacco and starched linen , and another delicious scent that could only be the man himself .
after taking a seat in the chair across from garrett 's desk , jeb pulled some tobacco and rolling paper from his pocket and began to roll his cigarette .
for a tin of pipe tobacco next payday , ed had agreed to look the other way no matter what befell this night .
just remember that tin of tobacco i promised ye . ''
her brother lincoln 's hair was a different color every month or so , but at least he did n't have a chaw of tobacco stuck in his cheek like all his boy cousins back home .
she imagined the whole scene , with crickets chirping , mosquitoes whining , rockers squeaking , cigarette smoke catching the breeze , and the splat of chewing tobacco in the dirt .
` ` the main thing is , lincoln 's not walking around with a plug of tobacco tucked under his lip , '' annabelle said .
as if to prove her point , the younger guy spit a stream of tobacco into the water .
chapter 21 the younger guy , his teeth stained with tobacco juice , leered at genevieve .
he rolled past tottering tobacco barns and farmhouses ; he saw clusters of mistletoe in the high barren branches of oak trees just off the highway .
jamie and the major had finished their own meals already , and sat by the fire beneath a companionable fug of tobacco smoke from the major 's clay pipe .
the major 's pipe threatened to go out , and he drew on it mightily , making the tobacco in the bowl glow and crackle sudden red .
aye , of course ; the crown employed men to go out to the tribes , offer them gifts , tobacco , and knives and the like .
jamie had planned on visits only to the two cherokee villages closest to the treaty line , there to announce his new position , distribute modest gifts of whisky and tobacco - this last hastily borrowed from tom christie , who had fortunately purchased a hogshead of the weed on a seed - buying trip to cross creek - and inform the cherokee that further largesse might be expected when he undertook ambassage to the more distant villages in the autumn .
taking a hasty private inventory of his remaining whisky and tobacco , jamie had agreed , and he and ian had been most royally received there , as agents of his majesty .
he grinned at us , the remnants of his teeth sharp - edged and yellowed with tobacco .
kenny lindsay and old arch bug were sharing out tobacco , stuffing their pipes in apparent tranquillity .
the smoke burned in his chest , behind his eyes , and for an instant he tasted the bitter smoke of cannon fire , not sweet tobacco .
bird raised his brows in slow question , drugged with tobacco .
perhaps it was the closeness of the house , the dark intimacy of the fireside , or the intoxication of tobacco .
the major was standing on an upturned tobacco hogshead , hands raised in the air , beaming at the multitudes , face shining red with heat , beer , and enthusiasm .
there was no one there , though the presence of scattered punch cups and the strong scent of pipe tobacco indicated that jocasta had likely been holding court there earlier .
he stayed over me , and i could feel the heat of his breath and the stink of tobacco on my face . ''
once arrived at the place , raymond had checked them all , to see that they carried the few necessities they might need - tinderboxes , tobacco , a little money of the time - and then given each one a wampum necklet , and a small leather pouch , which he said was an amulet of ceremonial herbs .
the thump of its landing was followed at once by the protrusion of an immense white - bristled head , equipped with a large and snuffling pink nose , and followed by shoulders the width of a hogshead of tobacco .
he stared intently into the fire , only half - hearing snake 's recounting of the story about goose and how he had outwitted the evil one to bring tobacco to the people and save old man 's life .
perhaps she had happened , as perhaps goose had brought tobacco to old man - but it did not seem so much as though she had happened to him .
i hastily flipped open the box , wrinkling my nose at the scent of dried blood and stale tobacco .
mr . buchanan , an acquaintance of duncan 's who was staying at the house , was in fact smoking a pipe at this very moment ; the faint aroma of his tobacco reached them through the open window .
it had gone away as abruptly as it had happened ; the tang of mr . buchanan 's tobacco was much stronger , but now it was only the mellow burning of cured leaves , not a mottled green - brown thing that writhed through her sinuses and rattled the membranes of her brain like a tin roof in a hailstorm .
it was clearly jamie and ian , though i could n't understand what was giving rise to so much hilarity , since when last seen they had been bound for the docks , charged with dispatching a shipment of tobacco leaves , obtaining pepper , salt , sugar , cinnamon - if findable - and pins - somewhat rarer than cinnamon - for mrs . bug , and procuring a large fish of some edible sort for our supper .
it 's nothing much ; only that i 'd ordered some ... some '' -he thought frantically , trying to remember the name of one of the village merchants- '' some tobacco , from mr . buchan in the high street .
the tiny cabin reeked of tobacco , brandy fumes , and unwashed sailor , and i began to feel a trifle queasy again .
` ` you get a pipe full of the strongest tobacco ye can find , stick it into the hive and blow smoke up into the combs .
i sniffed his hair , where the scent of tobacco lingered among the ruddy waves .
the objects , all borrowed from the collections of the british museum , were lined up along the edge of the table , close enough for the students in the front row to see the tiny cracks in the yellowed ivory of the french counterbox , and the stains of tobacco smoked long ago that browned the edges of the white clay pipe .
the numbers of these pipes , for example , tell us something about the frequency and types of tobacco use among the classes of society , from high '' -a finger tap on the lid of the enameled snuffbox- '' to low . ''
these expeditions sometimes lasted well into the night , and i became accustomed to going to bed without jamie , waking when he crawled in beside me , his body chilled with walking through the evening fog , and the smell of tobacco smoke and liquor clinging to his hair and skin .
then i woke all the way , struggling feebly against a wave of tobacco and cheap wine , to find myself in the grasp of hugo , louise de la tour 's enormous footman .
he called , triumphantly holding up a small cloth bag of tobacco .
i leaped to my feet , overturning the tea table , and snatched up the nearest object to hand , a carved alabaster tobacco jar .
the shards of the alabaster tobacco jar lay on the floor , and i kicked one inadvertently , so that it pinged off the wall , ricocheting and spinning off under the love seat , reminding me of the recent danton .
i inspected jamie 's skin minutely every morning , picking voracious ticks and wood fleas from his crevices , and anointed all of the men liberally with the juice of crushed pennyroyal and tobacco leaves .
the smell of woodsmoke filled the night air , mixing with the smaller fragrance of tobacco from cigarettes in the crowd .
` ` tobacco , wine , brandy , all very well , but a tax upon newspapers , have you heard the like ?
` ` pirate , '' said captain freeman laconically , coming up beside me and pausing long enough to spit a brown stream of tobacco juice into the river .
beyond the thick trees that lined the river , the ground fell away in broad sweeps of darkness , over the rice plantations and tobacco fields .
turning the pipe upside down , he tapped it over the cup of water , causing a small shower of brown crusts and moist crumbs of half - burnt tobacco , which he stirred into the water with his blackened thumb .
i pressed my lips tightly together ; the smell from the cup was enough to make my stomach turn over , combining as it did the stale reek of tobacco , the sight of the noisome brown surface of the liquid , crusts swimming below the surface , and the memory of captain freeman 's blobs of brown - tinged spittle sliding down the deck .
he held the cup for me to drink , the blood - warm liquid sliding soft across my tongue , then taking fire as it slid down my throat , burning away the traces of sickness and tobacco , leaving in their place rum 's lingering taste of burning sugarcane .
he took half a shipload of wine and liquor in trade for a warehouse of tobacco , meaning to sell it - but then the parliament passed an act making it illegal for any but the crown to sell any liquor stronger than ale in the colonies , and so we ended with two hundred bottles o ' the stuff in the wine cellar ! ''
thus provided not only with the valuable commodities of timber , pitch , and turpentine but with a convenient means of getting them to market , it was little wonder that river run had prospered , even though it produced only modest quantities of tobacco and indigo - though the fragrant fields of green tobacco through which we rode looked more than modest to me .
thus provided not only with the valuable commodities of timber , pitch , and turpentine but with a convenient means of getting them to market , it was little wonder that river run had prospered , even though it produced only modest quantities of tobacco and indigo - though the fragrant fields of green tobacco through which we rode looked more than modest to me .
part five strawberry fields forever 14 flee from wrath to come august 1767 they had hidden the woman in a tobacco shed on the edge of farquard campbell 's furthest fields .
she smelt strongly of fresh tobacco leaves , pungently narcotic , and something else , a little muskier .
one of the younger men had taken out a small beaded pouch that held tobacco .
the tobacco leaf sparked and fumed , spreading its rich aroma over the clearing .
i was beyond worrying about that , or anything else , though ; my head was spinning from the effects of adrenaline , whisky and tobacco , and i crawled off to fetch my blanket .
either it had been remarkably good whisky , or my sense of intoxication had been due more to the effects of adrenaline and tobacco than to alcohol .
jamie 's voice came clearly through the window ; the hide covering was rolled up , to let in air , and i caught the faint tang of tobacco from duncan 's pipe .
the savages having expressed a determination to hunt our particular bear , i made them a gift of some tobacco and a knife , with which they seemed pleasd .
quantities and prices , delivery dates and conditions floated through the babble and beer fumes of the pub like the thick blue clouds of tobacco smoke that floated near the low ceiling - beams .
the rich perfume of tobacco reached him , narcotic , enchanting .
brianna edged through the blue clouds of tobacco smoke , ignoring the whistles and ribald remarks .
` ` with a fine wee place near cross creek - twenty acres in tobacco , and a good creek through it .
she rubbed her hands together over the fire , and a shower of small brown particles rained down , only to rise up again at once as smoke , thick with the scent of tobacco .
the smoke rose straight up from the fire in a thin white pillar , and the strong sweet scent of tobacco mingled with the smell of cold air , triggering incongruous memories of brianna 's high school football games ; cozy scents of wool blankets and thermoses of cocoa , wisps of cigarette smoke drifting from the crowd .
the glitter of moisture in her black eyes might have been from the tobacco smoke .
his breath rose white in the night air , and the scents of whisky and tobacco wafted from his plaid .
mr . goodwin 's other teeth , while essentially whole , were heavily crusted with yellow calculus , and quite brown with the stains of tobacco chewing .
beyond the livestock , tobacco , and goods brought for trade , there were trunks of clothes and bedding and dishes , trestles , tables , hogsheads of ale , and mountains of food intended for the celebration afterward .
` ` do not worry yourself , cheri - even though i do not believe in vengeance , if anyone should hunt your hair , i promise i will make a tobacco pouch of his scrotum .
however , two weeks past i had a guest , one captain liston ( ` ` captain '' being no more than a title of courtesy ; he claims service with the royal navy , but i will stake a hogshead of my best tobacco [ a sample of which you will find accompanying this missive - and if you do not , i would be obliged to hear of it , since i do not altogether trust the slave by whom i send it ] that he has never so much as smelled the ink on a commission , let alone the reek of the bilges ) who gave me a more recent - and highly disagreeable - history of the man bonnet .
wylie stared at me for a split second , then uttered a whoop of laughter so loud that both the tobacco lobby and the giggling girls stopped dead and stared at us .
the day was cold but still and bright , and a number of guests , mostly men who found the civilized atmosphere within too suffocating for their tastes , were clustered in argumentative groups in the corners of the terrace , or strolling round the paths of the newly - sprouting garden , where their tobacco pipes might fume in peace .
above the pungent scent of dr . fentiman 's wig , which had evidently been treated with nettle powder and hyssop against lice , and a strong fog of ancient sweat and tobacco from the doctor 's body , i caught the sharp copper scent of fresh blood , and the older reek of caked , decayed blood from the inside of his case .
lyon laughed , showing teeth that were even enough , but badly stained with tobacco .
most of the loud revelry had died down by now ; only the most die - hard of the card players were still at it , peering red - eyed at their pasteboards through a cloud of tobacco smoke in the small drawing room .
i had n't seen him among the card players , nor yet among the men talking low - voiced of taxes and tobacco .
nicotiana was tobacco ; i supposed a strong solution of that , administered rectally , would probably dispose promptly of a case of pinworms , but i did n't think it would do much for indigestion .
a glob of mucus , streaked brown with tobacco juice , landed with a splat in the mud near roger 's boot .
rinsed hastily with alcohol , it was still stained with tobacco tar , but seemed to be functioning well enough .
he asked , raising his narrowed gaze to aundy and spitting a stream of tobacco on the grass next to the front walk where he stood .
` ` i think it would be a right smart idea for us to get hitched , '' marvin said , spitting another stream of tobacco .
marvin asked , spewing a disgusting stream of tobacco just inches from aundy 's feet .
as eliza pivoted , she disturbed the air , allowing the primitive scent that clung to him - horses and leather , tobacco and bergamot - to tease her senses .
the office stil smell ed of mahogany , wood polish and the slightest hint of tobacco .
she inhaled the scent clinging to him - spice , tobacco , and a fine port .
the smell of leather and fragrant tobacco helped to settle nerves kept on edge since his visit with hester the day before .
he was dressed for a night on the town , and he stank of liquor and tobacco .
she shuddered , remembering the stench of tobacco on him while he 'd pushed his body onto hers .
his ass ai n't leaving , '' jeremy said , shoving his tobacco in his back pocket .
jeremy grinned and then turned his head to spit out that nasty tobacco i wish he 'd stop dipping .
` ` they all chew tobacco and eat grits and call every woman darlin ' .
she passed the ruins of an old tobacco barn .
ricky liked blondes , bill liked brunettes ; ricky chewed tobacco , and bill smoked ; ricky liked rap music , bill favored country - western .
fin told him she was spending the summer in new bern with her family , because her father worked for a tobacco firm , and though he only nodded , the way she was looking at him made his silence seem okay .
at the town dance in the tobacco barn , it was she who taught him how to waltz and do the charleston , and though they stumbled through the first few songs , her patience with him eventually paid off , and they danced together until the music ended .
there was an austere beauty to the coastal lowlands , and i wove past farms and tobacco barns that looked almost abandoned .
he rose slowly and began strolling toward the car , gnawing on what jeremy assumed to be chewing tobacco .
riker 's hill was dotted with pines , and in the fields that spread out from the base , he saw an abandoned tobacco barn .
the home , he learned , had been built in 1874 by horace middleton , a captain who 'd made his fortune shipping timber and tobacco .
in meyer 's tobacco barn downtown .
` ` at the old tobacco barn .
in the distance , the sounds of music drifted from meyer 's tobacco barn as the dance got under way .
four pool tables were clustered together ; every player was wearing a baseball hat , and two had obvious wads of chewing tobacco parked in their cheeks .
on the walls hung framed black - and - whitearchitectural photographs of decaying tobacco barns .
the clerk raised a paper cup and spit a stream of tobacco into it .
the smell of leather and tobacco reminded him that some things were timeless .
a portly fellow , wearing a blue chess coat of indiscriminate age , he eyed them solemnly at first , pushing a huge gob of tobacco about inside his cheek until he understood that he was to many radcliffe to beth who , of course , was still dressed as charles .
on either side of the highway , farmhouses were set back from the road and interspersed with the occasional tobacco barn that had fallen into ruin .
i feel like you should be wearing a nascar hat and chewing tobacco . ''
and besides , i enjoy watching the clouds while i wear my nascar hat and chew tobacco . ''
` ` you do n't really chew tobacco , do you ? ''
` ` i 'd never date anyone who chewed tobacco . ''
` ` my granddaddy was a white tobacco farmer who fell in love with a young black woman who had come to work for him as his cook .
grandpa had grown tobacco for about twenty years , but after my grandmother died from lung cancer from a two - pack - a - day cigarette habit , he harvested his last tobacco crop and decided to raise horses . ''
grandpa had grown tobacco for about twenty years , but after my grandmother died from lung cancer from a two - pack - a - day cigarette habit , he harvested his last tobacco crop and decided to raise horses . ''
with the added allure of her trust fund - her family , old tobacco money , was still one of the wealthiest in the state - to many people , she was the sorority .
probably because he 'd spit out his reply like chewing tobacco .
` ` skateboarding , roller - skating , or bike riding ... playing or wearing radios on school grounds ... smoking or using tobacco products ... these are supposed to be worse than type - b offenses like using drugs or fighting ? ''
chews tobacco . ''
i stand and he reaches for me again , his hand on my back , and he smells like cloves , cinnamon , and tobacco .
and if they have a tobacco license , we 're checking on cigarette sales to minors , too .
his new home was the land of bourbon , tobacco , and thoroughbred horses , the greatest trio to come along since wine , women , and song .
` ` we also need to address the asinine new law the boys in frankfort have enacted against the tobacco companies , '' he said , ` ` because i think we can safely assume that those joyless little bastards will be coming after the distillers next .
she 'd opted for a pair of tobacco - colored trousers and a dark green tailored shirt .
the smell reminds me of grandpa and it 's so much fun to hold the sweet smelling tobacco , '' rachel said as she took another puff before handing it back .
he spit another stream of tobacco .