our family was very wealthy , owning the majority of the tobacco fields in the area , and my grandfather knew an alignment with the right family could create a powerful business merger , '' she sighed , taking a sip of her coffee and continued , ` ` love was n't a factor in marriage for wealthy families back then .
with the baby on the way , and without her five - minute tobacco meditations , the tension ratcheted up and would n't break .
the first year of the dry clouds ( zero year ) , tobacco farms were started on the light side of the planet .
the brain drain , monopolies on information technology , multinational investment strategies in the third world , and the transformation of limited third world farmland into luxury crops like tea , rubber , coffee , cotton , sugar , tobacco , spices , and fast - growing timber forests all depleted the third world of badly needed labour , technology , and resources for their own development .
it is widely published that the first transgenic plant was the cross between the tobacco and the lantern fish ; the report is in fact not true .
` ` traditional corn , beans , and squash remain the primary foods , '' doc noted , ` ` and they also grow traditional artichokes , pumpkins , sunflowers , tobacco , and herbs .
one of the few luxury crops still grown on earth was tobacco , and its end was visibly approaching .
one of the earliest successes was when genes from bacillus thuringiensis were inserted into tobacco plants .
it was nicotine based , made from soaking tobacco leaves in extreme heat , and then crystallising the resulting tar .
in a tobacco field in the middle of nowhere , just outside lincoln , north carolina , silas was lowered into api headquarters .
viruses are so minuscule that their existence was unknown until the late nineteenth century , when dmitri ivanovsky , a russian microbiologist , stumbled across them while investigating an outbreak of disease in tobacco plants .
in 1969 , he completed a three - year , in - house study on the feasibility of growing an experimental tobacco leaf known only as raleigh 4 .
had the jury not been sequestered , rohr would have called at least three more experts : one to discuss the psychology of advertising ; one an expert on addiction ; one ready to describe in detail the application of insecticides and pesticides to tobacco leaves .
on my return to the americas i 'd found a homestead in virginia on which to grow tobacco and wheat , and i 'd ride around the estate , aware of my powers slowly waning as the years passed .
ilario , she explained , would teach them everything there was to know about farming tobacco , if they were interested .
the tobacco stalks were now taller than most men , their leaves longer than joe 's arm .
cotton , tobacco , rice , indigo - it all grew here , which was peculiar on account a those crops do n't usually grow in the same place .
this time of year , those fields were usually a mix of green and brown - corn and tobacco .
we ' ve camped out for the day in an unused shed at the edge of a tobacco farm .
teddy had taken just enough flying lessons to crop - dust his fathers various large corn , soybean , and tobacco fields .
following the permanent settlement of guyana by the dutch in 1615 , west african slaves were imported to work in tobacco , cocoa and other types of plantations .
in all likelihood , the tenants were forced by necessity to construct their rouses therein to be close to their respective tobacco farms .
they had taken over a small family farm and through hard work and ambition , also created two further farms in the area , literally carved from the bush where tobacco was the main cash crop .
he remembered the farmers used the two - story buildings to increase moisture in tobacco .
actually in the antebellum - era every man , woman , teen , and child worked day and night in the crop fields gathering whatever single crop the farm produced by tobacco in virginia , cotton in alabama or sugar in louisiana .
his oldest brother became a river - farmer and also raised chilis in the jungle , and his older brother was a milpa farmer who every year planted a huge field of tobacco and tended our lineages fruit orchard as well .
they call the bodies of their heroes , tobacco of the gods .
we shall plant barley and rye , raise sheep like here and well grow the virginia tobacco and well be rich !
the land was flat enough here that they could see nearly all the fields spread out on either side of them to the north and south , some fields that had been harvested already of corn and tobacco and other smaller fields of wheat and barley .
it was laborious , grueling work , but the wood was not wasted and more cleared fields meant more tobacco , and tobacco was the money crop .
the stubs of the tobacco plants were brown , dried out and withered , the stems having been cut in late august and the plants hung to dry until the middle of october .
both jamie and robert knew firsthand the grueling , demanding labor involved in the cultivating of tobacco ; the sowing of tiny seeds in late february in seedbeds , then the transplanting of the seedlings in early april , then the continual cleaning of worms and other pests , the weeding , the pruning all throughout the hot summer months .
his plantation was one of the largest in the colony with significant tobacco , corn , wheat and barley fields , a small orchard , a middling kitchen garden and surprisingly , a small silk - producing operation .
elizabeth stared for a second , then remembering her manners , continued , but maureen told us that you and jamie hated the rigors of the lessons ; that all you wanted to do was learn about planting tobacco and that all jamie wanted to do was ride horses .
the planters on the council had presided over barbados ' transformation from a tropical rain forest to a patchwork of tobacco and cotton plantations , and now to what they hoped would soon be a factory producing white gold .
just a year before , that little island had been taken over by a group of english plantersmen and women who 'd earlier tried growing tobacco up on st . christopher , only to run afoul of its carib indians and their poisoned arrows .
if slavery proved it could work for sugar in the caribbees , then it probably would also be instituted for cotton and tobacco in virginia .
the indians also taught the cultivation of cotton and tobacco , cash crops .
they had marched west from bridgetown at sunset , and now they were encamped on the whittington plantation grounds , in fields where tobacco once had grown .
mosquito - 6 chromosomes housefly - 12 chromosomes garden pea - 14 chromosomes tobacco - 48 chromosomes toad - 22 chromosomes vampire bat - 28 chromosomes human - 46 chromosomes cow - 60 chromosomes duck - 80 chromosomes [ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ one at a time throughout his talk ( and his later paper ) mendel discusses his results one character at a time ( round peas / wrinkled peas ) .
bolls of white cotton and leaves of green tobacco are maturing in the hot summer sun .
they learned to work in the fields and plant corn , beans and tobacco .
they grew cotton , tobacco , rice and all sorts of things .
when shit hit the fan , we d make a mad dash for his grandfathers farm and camp in the hills behind the tobacco fields .
all they wanted was to be left alone to work on their pickup trucks and to grow their tobacco and their corn and hunt their deer and make their babies and go to their churches .
the rumor mill claimed that he raised tobacco and steers , but dean could never think of the man as anything other than a very angry lumberjack .
patricia butler , daughter of an augusta , georgia , a.m.e . minister father and a schoolteacher mother , who lived with her grandmother in southwest fulton in order to attend beck ; tobacco brown , possessing full thighs and wide pelvis and a tongue as saturated by the burning fluids of blue - collar alleys as by the gentle waters of bourgeois pews ; frank and intimidating from afar , warm and bosomy and protective up closesomeone you wanted on your side when your team ventured into frightening territory ; startled eyes and thick nose ; gapped incisors and generous lips ; a snazzy dresser off court , not pretty , but a lover of men and effective with them and therefore vain ; a young woman who would mature into one of those industrious old ladies who took the lead in church kitchensthe large - breasted , broad - hipped , bossy ladies who were as quick to spew anecdotes about remembered youthful passions as they were to call on the name of the lord .
he says its for cutting tobacco stalk .
this is where googling lands you an urbanized plateau , characterized by rolling hills , smallish sized cities and suburbs , much of its land formerly devoted to tobacco .
it can be very small ; i once calculated , when considering the crop for kiru estate , that a pound of tobacco seeds contained six million seeds .
though it has mostly been those working the tobacco or rice fields who have succumbed to it , sarah revealed .
the whole property was set high on a slope above a valley tucked into the side of the absaroka range , with vistas that went all the way to the crazy mountains and the bridger range to the north , and the tobacco root mountains to the west .
he took ninety percent of the money the sharecroppers made on their tobacco crop , then loaned them money whenever they needed it at ridiculous interest rates .
the highway passed through smithfield , goldsboro , and kinston , small towns separated by thirty miles of cotton and tobacco fields .
instead of playing baseball with friends or fishing for largemouth bass and catfish , he 'd spent his days weeding and peeling worms from tobacco leaves twelve hours a day , beneath a balled - up southern summer sun that permanently stained his back a golden brown .
it was also true that lack of labor was acute in the entire colony , but even more so in the mountains , where the land did n't lend itself to tobacco or rice - the sorts of crops suited to slave labor .
once arrived in the new world , hector had purchased a large tract of land , cleared the forest , built a house and a sawmill , bought slaves to work the place , planted his land in tobacco and indigo , and - no doubt worn out by so much industry - succumbed to the morbid sore throat at the ripe old age of seventy - three .
a group of gentlemen arguing the merits of virginia tobacco versus indigo as a crop were clustered round one side of perseus , while the statue 's rear aspect now sheltered three young girls , who were glancing at it from behind their fans , red - faced and giggling .
by early september the tobacco had been harvested and she had no choice but to return with her family to winston - salem .