she also had a fear that she , pesh , or the both of them were going to be wearing tomato sauce before it was all said and done .
` ` yeah , i ' m fine , '' i reply lightly as i use my napkin to try to clean the tomato sauce off my shirt where i ' ve just spilled it .
that was different , she told herself as she grabbed a tomato and slaughtered it with the knife .
elissa jumped and almost dropped a tomato onto the floor .
she asked , still holding the tomato in each of her hands .
` ` fine , for now , '' she said and put down the tomatoes .
he asked , grabbing a slice of tomato she had just sliced for their salad .
my pale skin tone had me turning the color of a tomato as leah started heaving with laughter in her swing .
i said whatever the f**k came to mind without a care for the consequences while clare turned the color of a tomato and said things like girlie bits because she was too afraid to say pu**y out loud .
she was the color of a cherry red tomato , and she probably would be for the next five minutes .
then , she continued her search for the perfect tomato , squeezing one and then another , as i watched .
she picked up a juicy red tomato and turned it over in her hand before placing it on the scale with the others she 'd picked out .
he jerked back and when he straightened his face was red as tomato .
they lunched on green salad with baby tomatoes followed by grilled cheese and tuna sandwiches , compliments of chef mckoy , and with each passing moment his spirit seemed to lift .
indie dropped the oranges into the cart and moved on to the tomatoes but out of the corner of her eye she could see tessa standing there in the aisle , glowering at her .
by the time he 'd uncovered everything blake was gazing at fried chicken , baked potatoes , catfish , corn bread and a garden salad bright with baby tomatoes .
` ` i whipped up a tomato coulis with garlic , thyme and a couple of other things yesterday . ''
a sudden burst of flavors , from the sweet tomato to the salty pancetta and all of the other subtle flavors in between , filled tracy 's senses .
penne pasta , sun - dried tomatoes , artichokes , avocados , tomatoes , feta cheese , and a handful of arugula came together with fresh basil and olive oil in a bowl to make a little piece of heaven .
penne pasta , sun - dried tomatoes , artichokes , avocados , tomatoes , feta cheese , and a handful of arugula came together with fresh basil and olive oil in a bowl to make a little piece of heaven .
thick french bread layered with turkey , bacon , avocados , cheese , lettuce , tomatoes , and some sort of creamy sauce awaited me .
the tomatoes made me think of him .
` ` oh , there 's some mail for you on the table , '' jackie informed me , putting the tomatoes in the sink to wash . ` ` i can finish up in here if you want . ''
she asked , picking up her fork and stabbing a tomato almost violently .
the smell of the scrambled eggs and some sort of sausage tempted her and she gazed with longing at the fresh tomatoes and mozzarella cheese drizzled in olive oil .
he carried two plates filled with pasta and a rich , creamy tomato sauce over to the table near the fireplace .
` ` this is delicious , '' she gushed as she bit into the tomato and mozzarella sandwich with some sort of spicy , tangy spread .
sierra vaguely thought she might be in trouble when he opened the second bottle of wine and started cooking dinner , a delicious chicken dinner with lots of cheese and sun - dried tomatoes which she devoured after a long afternoon in the sunshine .
how about freshly baked bread , crusty on the outside , soft on tomato sauce with savory spices , two kinds of cheese melting all over and michael 's mouth was already watering , but not from her description of the food .
red as a tomato , i stammered , ` ` sorry , i did n't know someone else was here . ''
hold the pickles , onions and tomatoes and can i have mayo ? ''
` ` you say tomato and i say ... we say it the exact same way .
i ' m making spinach salad with cherry tomatoes , stuffed mushrooms , and lasagna with hot italian sausage instead of beef , garlic bread , and tiramisu to finish the meal .
i made my way into the kitchen and the smell of brewing tomato sauce and basil made my stomach growl .
i ' m making chad and i grilled cheese sandwiches and fresh tomato soup .
the weather outside was freezing and a good tomato soup was in order .
i loved grilled cheese with my tomato soup .
do you not remember the time when you came over with grilled cheese and tomato soup when i was rottenly sick ?
i dipped my grilled cheese in my tomato soup and took a large bite .
she smirked , throwing a cherry tomato at me .
eggplants and a few tomatoes ? ''
the smell of baking crust and tomatoes blasted into my face , making my mouth water instantly .
i finally bit into the pizza and moaned as the acidic taste of the tomatoes exploded over the perfectly baked crust , slightly blackened from the wood fire oven .
there was a pile of what looked like canned beans in a red sauce , fried tomato slices , strips of what looked like ham , and fried eggs .
` ` you say tomato .
i say tomato , '' she said , using the american and english versions of the pronunciations .
the brie cheese and dates , little balls of fresh melon wrapped in prosciutto ham , marinated sun - dried tomatoes and olives were all very tempting and without any electric sexual tension knotting her stomach , ivy suddenly found an appetite .
blaize callagan had a plate of eggs and bacon and sausages and tomato and mushrooms .
and tomato sauce . '
' i like tomato sauce with french fries , ' she explained , not caring if it sounded childish .
he was still there , although now there was a pizza box beside him , and he was eating a big slice dripping with melted cheese and a tomato base .
even the food tasted better - the home - baked cakes , freshly caught seafood , locally grown tomatoes .
sun - dried tomato on mozzarella .
` ` i 'll have the lot this morning , bacon , eggs , fried tomato , mushrooms if we ' ve got them . ''
heaving a despondent sigh , she picked up the punnet of cherry tomatoes and started cutting them in half to add to the green salad .
ethan observed the shut - down on her face and the belligerent set of her chin as she finished with the tomatoes and moved to the tray where she 'd placed the cutlery wrapped in paper serviettes .
he raided the refrigerator for eggs , butter , tomatoes , bread , spanish onions .
he started cutting up the tomatoes and onions , shooting an oddly weighing glance at her .
ethan cooked a tomato salsa with a spicy touch of tabasco sauce , placed a poached egg in the middle of each serving and accompanied it with fingers of french toast .
they had just started their entree - a smoked salmon parcel containing crab and avocado and tomato - when james ellicott led his party into the restaurant , making a somewhat boisterous entrance .
at the top were small sandwiches made with different types of bread - egg , smoked salmon , cream cheese with sun - dried tomatoes , cucumber and cream cheese .
shaking my head , i pop a piece of tomato from the salad into my mouth , and immediately spit it out .
sliced tomatoes , pita bread , olives , oil .
i am spoon - fed tomato soup that laura has sent .
blake 's veal is shock - and - awe huge and served with a fried shaft of bone , ovals of browned buffalo mozzarella , and bright red , fresh tomato sauce .
by the time i put the stretched bread lightly brushed with tomato sauce into the oven , sorab is sound asleep on his father 's body .
yet , she had a small basket tucked over her arm , the single tomato and avocado inside rolling from one side to the other in her agitation .
she 'd already tried that and had found her ex - husband had the shelf life of an overripe tomato .
nicole stepped out of katie 's kitchen , carrying a bowl of potato salad and a plate filled with sliced tomatoes , onions and cheese for the burgers griffin was flipping on the grill .
he piled tomatoes onto his burger , added lettuce , then slapped the bun into place .
she gave connor more meat , then some potato salad and half a slice of tomato .
satisfied that she had everything she needed , she looped the canvas straps of the green bag over the back of her stool and ordered a salad and a glass of tomato juice for lunch .
the waiter brought her glass of tomato juice just as she drew a vertical line down the notebook page to make two columns .
she asked the waiter when he put a second glass of tomato juice next to the one she 'd barely touched .
the family at the table beside them obviously knew what the boys had done , because they were watching kate - so was a couple seated near kate who 'd heard the waiter 's announcement when he gave her the glass of tomato juice .
she glanced up as her waiter put another glass of tomato juice in front of her .
on the patio outside , the boys let out a groan of dismay when the waiter walked out of the restaurant carrying an untouched glass of tomato juice on a tray .
the waiter put the glass of tomato juice on their table and sternly informed them , lady does not want another glass of tomato juice . ''
the waiter put the glass of tomato juice on their table and sternly informed them , lady does not want another glass of tomato juice . ''
mildly annoyed at yet another distraction , mitchell eyed the glass of unappetizing tomato juice and said , 'd add a stalk of celery and a shot of vodka , if it was for me . ''
however , earlier that morning she 'd taken the tomato sauce and meatballs she 'd made the week before out of the freezer so she could make lasagna tonight .
` ` it 's all yours , '' he said starting to cut up a tomato .
jake reached for a cherry tomato stuffed with what looked like fresh mozzarella cheese and basil .
charlie popped the tomato in her mouth and chewed .
he nodded toward the grilled cheese and tomato sandwich and soup .
immediately his jaw froze as the rich combination of sharp cheddar , tangy tomato , and fresh basil exploded on his tongue .
chapter sixteen i was placed on dicing duty : chopping the potatoes , tomatoes , and veggies .
at her moan he said , ` ` this is matazeez - veal cubes cooked in tomato sauce before adding okra , aubergine and zucchini .
the ref would have to end the fight because people would be booing and throwing tomatoes into the ring . ''
i pretended to examine a tomato as i took that in .
i let go of the tomato and turned to face him .
i shifted my attention back to the tomatoes , forcing myself to ignore the bite of disappointment ` ` except ... '' my head shot back up .
the meal was delicious - chicken breast stuffed with sundried tomatoes and artichokes .
next to the frying pan on the stovetop , lexi warmed a can of refried beans and began the messy job of chopping the lettuce , tomatoes , and onions .
alexandra , next time , extra tomato , please .
his favorite food is a bacon cheeseburger , extra tomato .
i could n't help but laugh softly as i cut up the tomatoes .
drink the tomato juice ; it will help with the hangover .
i showed the waiter out and took a sip of the tomato juice with two aspirin .
i found fresh tomatoes , turkey and peppers .
` ` seeing as you 're paying the veterinary bill , '' she added quickly , and hoped her cheeks would n't betray her by going tomato red .
there were no coupons or blue - light special deals , but there was peace of mind , which to luis was worth far more than fifty cents off a can of tomatoes .
isabelle had made garlic mashed potatoes and an old - fashioned iceberg lettuce salad with homemade dressing and fresh tomatoes from their small vegetable garden at cider mill farm .
even though we both spoke italian , i could barely understand her ; the sicilian accent was as thick as tomato paste .
i was hungry , and the hot tomato sauce made my stomach rumble .
charlie speared a crisp slice of tomato and held it out for her across the table .
he held out the tomato slice again .
` ` i want to watch your teeth and lips take in this plump , juicy tomato , '' he urged her and this time she acquiesced .
instead the waiter said , much to her ongoing chagrin , ` ` it 's just the look on your face while you were eating was- '' their young waiter seemed stuck on searching for just the right word to describe the public agony of her sexual release , so she jumped in and said , ` ` the tomato was so incredibly good . ''
the wrinkled jeans and old t - shirt she wore in the kitchen , stained from the farmer 's market pesto and tomato sauces she 'd made early that morning .
she held up a smushed tomato slice to prove it .
` ` oh , lord , '' his mother said , at the counter slicing a tomato for a sandwich she was assembling .
he kissed her cheek and swiped a tomato .
nolan snagged another tomato slice and popped it in his mouth .
you do n't like tomatoes ? ''
` ` tomatoes are perfect .
how could you not like tomatoes ? ''
she was in the kitchen chopping tomatoes for her mother for the salad .
done with the tomatoes , she looked up from the cutting board .
this base was surmounted by a glistening scoop of tomato confit , which she 'd seasoned lightly with roe of cod .
the older man turned the color of his tomatoes in the corner .
i had a cheeseburger and tomato salad .
i have peppers , cheese and tomatoes . ''
` ` or maybe i 'll trip , break my ankle and there will be a cute paramedic that comes to my rescue , '' i said with a smile as i speared a tomato from my salad and popped it into my mouth .
neil stopped chopping tomatoes and looked up at me .
she queried , holding up another pepper - shaped tomato near her mouth and eyeing it hungrily , all too aware of jim watching her every move with stunned amazement .
` ` you bargained for the tomatoes , but you were angling for a good price on the lettuce the whole time , you little minx , '' a deep , delicious voice murmured near her head , causing a tingling sensation to go down her neck .
` ` because i watched you eating one of those tomatoes a moment ago , just like jim goddard did . ''
` ` after that display , the poor man probably would have thrown his farm into the deal in order to make the sale on those tomatoes .
` ` of course ; she 's been working nonstop , and the lunch rush is almost over , '' denise said as she ladled some steaming tomato bisque into a bowl and garnished it with goat cheese and freshly baked croutons .
i have no idea what she does to make it so good , but i think she puts some kind of tomato sauce and pepper in it .
tristan and i sat down at the head of the table as uniformed waiters filled the table with baskets of sliced baguettes and tomato basic garlic crostini .
by the way , we 're out of jiffy pop , but there 's more than enough pie filling and tomato soup . ''
she 'd much prefer chicken noodle soup but since it did n't have enough nutrients , she got tomato often , much to tory 's chagrin .
` ` she makes me eat the tomato soup first though . ''
` ` tomato festival ? ''
i had n't realized jill was so into tomatoes .
` ` now , instead of imagining dozens of white tents , vendors selling baskets of tomatoes , imagine hundreds of shirtless suntanned , young , scrumptious spanish men throwing tomatoes at each other . ''
` ` now , instead of imagining dozens of white tents , vendors selling baskets of tomatoes , imagine hundreds of shirtless suntanned , young , scrumptious spanish men throwing tomatoes at each other . ''
she had cute , bite - sized egg , ham , and fresh mozzarella with tomato and basil sandwiches .
there was a type of mediterranean pasta dish filled with tomatoes that exploded with flavour in my mouth with each bite .
we had moved on from the salad to sharing a flatbread with fresh local tomatoes , artichoke hearts , onions , mushrooms , topped off with herbs and a layer of fresh house - made mozzarella .
i imagine i ' m the color of a ripe tomato right about now .
you mean ... that huge tomato fight in spain ?
it 's basically a huge food fight with thousands of people and literally tons of tomatoes .
naz tells him to bring us some ketchup and the man nods , scurrying off to return a moment later with a little dipping bowl filled with what i guess they assume to be ketchup , but it looks a hell of a lot like stewed tomatoes with how chunky it is .
she grabs some tomatoes and sets them in front of me .
i dice them quickly , getting rid of the excess juice and seeds , and toss the tomatoes into the bowl .
and with max playing quietly in the living room while pace watches him , i ' m able to devote the time to chopping garlic and onions and simmering tomato sauce .
pace stocked his cabinets with authentic olive oil and imported stewed tomatoes from italy , and you can taste the difference in the quality of the ingredients .
her plate is smaller , and piled with baby spinach and a small cherry tomato that 's been quartered and spread around the edge to give it color .
no tomatoes .
clem promised me a few tomato and pepper plants .
he wore a pressed cotton shirt the color of vine - ripened tomatoes , which emphasized his ' black irish ' dark good looks , crisp jeans and a straw hat .
she was pretty sure her face was the same color as a tomato .
` ` whatever is leftover in the fridge and a can of stewed tomatoes . ''
four dumplings , one quart of chicken and wild rice soup , a grilled tomato and cheese sandwich later , india booked it back to her apartment .
in the kitchen , jessie scooped the diced peppers into the hamburger and tomato mixture .
normally she took a second to breathe in the tangy scents of oregano , tomato sauce , spicy meat and cheese , and the earthy aroma of baking crust .
` ` i had chopped iceberg lettuce with a few carrot shavings and one cherry tomato - that is not a salad .
` ` bruschetta with heirloom tomatoes and anise - flavored basil . ''
chopped tomatoes on toast .
the longer the sun kept shining , the better the chances were the last crop of heirloom tomatoes could ripen on the vine .
she glanced up to see chet and remy west hanging over the fence on the far side of the tomato garden .
she dropped her gloves by the tomato plant so she 'd remember where to pick up .
since her hands were full with two baskets of tomatoes , remy opened the gate for her .
chet peered in the basket of tomatoes .
` ` the only thing i ' m interested in is you guys taking some of these tomatoes off my hands .
` ` tell me if you want tomato and arugula on your sandwich . ''
and tomato . ''
sierra sliced tomatoes .
she slathered mayo on the bread and placed it over the tomato .
lunch was deer sausage on wheat rolls with sliced tomato and goat milk cheese , sweet potato chips and cantaloupe .
boone watched as she diced a tomato and grated parmesan .
she divided the pasta in half , and sprinkled cheese and tomatoes on each pile .
` ` tomatoes and hershey bars , '' jack answered .
she sliced a cherry tomato in half .
she felt her entire body turn the color of a ripe tomato as he stared at her there .
lacey wondered as she forked the tasty pasta with its light tomato basil sauce into her mouth .
the flavors popped in his mouth in a rambunctious symphony of tomatoes , chicken , rice , sausage , and spices , not all of which he could name .
` ` uh - huh- '' ` ` drop the subject , dragon , '' ravyn said as he picked the tomatoes off his sandwich .
the blade cut her skin as clean as a scalpel through a firm tomato .
there are still a few pumpkins scattered around , and the tomato plants are brown and brittle , nearly bowed to the ground beneath the bulk of the snow .
i lift a small tomato to my lips , humming against it and saying , ` ` that stinks , '' before popping it in my mouth .
a beautiful woman with tomato - red hair and a short white dress leads me through a space that looks more like a sci - fi movie set than a place to have dinner .
very crunchy with lobster and sundried tomatoes .
the smell of hot dough , tomato sauce , and cheese reminded her how starved she was .
` ` tomato soup ?
jules scrubbed tiredly at his eyes , leaving a smear of tomato sauce on one cheekbone .
daemon did n't look fazed by that statement , but my face turned into a ripe tomato .
when his lashes finally rose i knew i looked like a tomato .
i managed to get my right arm to work and i had my hand on the back of his neck , my fingers slowly threading through his hair as he explained in great detail how he planned on showing me when i got better just how much he loved me , so much detail i was sure my face was as red as a tomato , but boy did i have something to look forward to .
` ` tomato sauce . ''
ginny gave me two folded twenty - dollar bills and a grocery list with three items : two pounds of chicken thighs , five boxes of instant mashed potatoes , and seven 14 - ounce cans of heinz baked beans in tomato sauce .
we step into the kitchen to find her stirring a pot of tomato sauce on the stove .
i steal a glance at storm to see her intently focused on stirring her tomato sauce .
` ` sometimes i want to ... '' he leans farther in , pressing his groin against my thigh , squashing my g*y theory like a ripe tomato .
sam also worked on his double - wide inside and out , trimming his hedge and raking his yard , planting flowers and tomatoes in season , to the amusement of the rest of the staff .
as i turned to trudge inside - through some extraordinarily green grass - i noticed that my three tomato plants , which i 'd put in weeks ago , were heavily laden with ripe red fruit .
i plucked a couple of especially ripe and round tomatoes to take in the house .
i had a lot of nothing , except tomatoes .
i took a very long , hot walk through the woods to put a basket of tomatoes on the prescotts ' back porch .
and tomatoes . ''
while i made a salad with cherry tomatoes and dried cranberries and chopped chicken , i tried to picture how big a grizzly might be .
fried bologna , mashed potatoes , sliced tomatoes .
at least the tomatoes were fresh , since there was a garden at the jail .
i 'd never thought i 'd get tired of fresh tomatoes , but between my own burgeoning plants and the jail produce , i would be glad when they were out of season .
niall had taken my dog of a cousin , claude , back into faery to punish him for his rebellion and his attempt to steal from me , and left me with a lot of tomatoes in return .
and those tomatoes !
though it felt anticlimactic , i began slicing tomatoes for the hamburgers , and then i cut up a watermelon .
` ` however , '' bob said , ` ` we did verify why your flowers and tomatoes are growing so well . ''
` ` i just wanted to thank you for the delicious tomatoes , '' she said .
and my guardian vampire , karin , was back at my house , presumably making sure no coons came out of the woods to steal my tomatoes .
some teens had thrown rotten tomatoes at her , splat - ting them over her chest .
` ` come to throw tomatoes ? ''
` ` i ' ve always been of the mind that tomatoes were the fruit of the devil , '' he said .
my eyes lit upon the stack of carefully labeled tomato boxes that had my stuffed animals .
purse and twin wine bottles in hand , she left her bike beside the crates of tomatoes and mushrooms and took the cement steps to the kitchen two at a time .
the scent of tomato paste , sausage , pasta , and the death - by - chocolate dessert someone had ordered to go drifted up through the cracks .
` ` i 'll have the tomato soup , '' trent said as he slid his menu to her , and the woman made a small sound .
ordering tomatoes was n't unusual , especially out in the wild where there were n't many humans , but for trent it was .
i asked , and trent choked on his tomato soup .
` ` and tomatoes in public , '' i said , remembering the soup .
a fifty - five - gallon drum of tomato juice might .
perhaps , but there was no sense in crying over squished tomatoes .
he was the only human i knew who 'd eat it , and he 'd become quite the tomato junkie .
i 'd pimped ketchup to him in exchange for handcuffs until he got tired of the blackmail and admitted to his dad that he ate tomatoes .
most humans would n't since a bio weapon had accidentally slipped into a genetically modified tomato and killed a quarter of the world 's human population about forty years ago .
it had n't affected us , and they were understandably skittish about tomatoes even now .
the parking lot was laced with cracks that allowed grass as tall as my thigh to grow , and the entire area reminded me of the tomato cannery that ivy and i had once stormed when i 'd been interning at the i.s .
` ` please tell me that 's not the tomato cannery , '' i said .
it had just come out of the oven and was too hot to eat , but the hamburger , tomatoes , and bacon set my mouth watering .
` ` but it 's a good kind of insane , '' the pixy said as he sat on the crust and used his chopsticks to nibble the tomato sauce .
jenks nodded solemnly and i slumped , shoving the tomato back into my sandwich .
pizza , movie , and shocking the token human by eating tomatoes .
beyond the tinted glass of his sports car , my church looked as if it had been hosting an all - night brimstone party with toilet paper in the trees and what i hoped were just tomatoes smeared on the stained - glass windows .
hands dripping , i reached for a paper towel with halloween bats and tomatoes on it .
a juicy burger appeared on the floor a few inches from the bed , all the extras - lettuce , tomato slices , pickles and cheese - decorating the edges of the plate .
or the hamburger beanbag chair , complete with lettuce , tomato and mustard layers , but that was it .
when i came here with my family as a child , we rode in a bus on that road and beyond , to amity 's farms , where we spent the day picking tomatoes and sweating through our shirts .
with her head tilted to the side , eyes incredulous , she asks , ` ` being turned off by budweiser mixed with tomato and clam juice makes me a diva ? ''
` ` your tits look like tomatoes . ''
i resembled a charred tomato .
gracie asked , getting into the refrigerator and taking out a bottle of tomato juice .
gracie sipped on her tomato juice .
slather dough in greasy cheese and tomato sauce and i ' m salivating like a dog , '' i said .
jake made rachel 's tomato and cheese panini and i loaded up a plate with brownies and cookies for daniel .
my hands worked with precision as i sliced tomatoes and onions for a salad , fingers wet from the lettuce as i ripped the leaves from the head piece by piece .
i held the knife steady as i cut into the tomato , slicing through it before turning it to the side so i could dice it , taking the one job melanie had trusted me with very seriously .
i finished up quickly , proudly presenting her with the bowl of tomatoes so she could layer them over the top of the casserole .
i stood at my kitchen counter , my fingers wet from slicing tomatoes in preparation for our barbecue , and glanced over my shoulder at matthew standing in the archway .
so what if he buys the discounted cans of dented tomatoes at the grocery store ?
grilled cheese sandwiches and canned tomato soup ?
i disappear behind a shelf of canned tomatoes and despair .
i blushed a tomato red and my eyes hit the floor before bouncing back up to him .
with it , came a voice and my cheeks flushed so bright that i would put a tomato to shame .
i giggled girlishly , blushing until i resembled a tomato .
when i got up and started on the tomatoes , he continued to hover .
by the time he had placed the dough ( which drooped into an oblong in his hands as he lifted it ) onto the counter , i had finished with the tomatoes and had fetched the vegan cheese to grate .
my eyes went straight to pink and i was sure my skin must be as red as the tomatoes on my plate .
zane used his sleeve to wipe the blood away from his own mouth and nose , and with his face clean of it , he could smell the fake blood on ty , hints of tomato and chocolate and barbecue sauce .
her eyes are red as tomatoes and her face is blotchy , like she 's been crying for hours .
gage and i already plan on hitting taco bell afterwards , so there 's no need to load up on what looks like tad 's old socks swimming in tomato juice .
` ` < br/ > ` ` you know , '' kate rescues a long blonde curl from dipping into her tomato soup , ` ` my aunt fell off a horse when i was eight .
the waiter who left a tomato stain on our date should have been rewarded , hell , i should have tipped him as i left the restaurant , almost did .
the scent of garlic mixing with tomato sauce makes my stomach turn in a big way , and i want nothing more than to run out the door and suck in vats of fresh air .
he winked as i choked on the carrot i was in the middle of swallowing , and my face turned into a tomato as i felt the heat radiate on every corner of my face .
lisa squeaked , before her face began to transform into the colour of a tomato .
amy 's eyes went wide and she instantly began to turn tomato red - a trait i loved to see on her .
uh- hi , '' she finished lamely , going tomato red again .
you 're too nice , '' adrian replied once he noticed my face begin to resemble the colour of a tomato .
i laugh and stab a tomato with my fork .
` ` we have chorizo - stuffed clams , bite sized caprese salad on crostini , '' he smiles down at me , ` ` which means cheese , tomato and basil on toasted bread , crab - cakes and bacon - wrapped steak . ''
` ` a turkey , lettuce and tomato . ''
` ` guy stuff , '' mark replies and leans his hips against the granite countertop , watching me slice a tomato .
` ` this is a grilled copper king salmon with tomatoes , balsamic marinated mushrooms and pancetta salad , paired with dom 's merlot . ''
he 'd never again present her with one of his luscious indiana tomatoes .
from scheduling correctly , to not over- or under - purchasing tomatoes , to making certain wait staff was trained right , to ensuring every pizza pie and breadstick went out with equal quality , making the dinner an experience to remember and leaving the patron always wanting to come back for more .
the air was filled with the mouth - watering smell of garlic mixed with a subtle hint of fresh cut herbs and i saw big cutting boards on the worktable behind benny that had the residue of green on one , the juice and seeds of tomatoes on another .
she had a bowl in front of her already filled with salad leaves , sliced cucumbers , diced tomatoes , strips of yellow bell pepper and she was working on a carrot .
i 'd helped feb for a few hours before people showed , making macaroni salad , whipping up devilled eggs , cutting up tomatoes and onions , forming hamburger patties , dumping chips into bowls and then carting it outside to sit on a table under a sideless tent that colt set up .
the tee miraculously had no tomato sauce stains on it .
katy and keirry standing front and center by the bar , both wearing tomato sauce stained white aprons , both holding forth a big pizza pie that benny had taught them to make .
i was thinking i 'd plant tomatoes in the coming spring .
next year , i 'd plant pumpkins in that garden for ethan and tomatoes in hopes i could get conner to eat them .
i pulled on my yellow t - shirt that had a picture of starsky and hutch 's car , the striped tomato , emblazoned across the chest .
i blinked at him as our family style meal was served ( ren let me pick , chicken montana with asparagus , sun dried tomatoes and gorgonzola sauce , i 'd let the healthy living mojo have the night off ) .
lady cordelia 's face was as red as a tomato .
three hours later , he was feeling much more sober thanks to wilde 's special concoction , which had ambrose never wanting to see another tomato again .
chapter thirty - four priscilla pretty sure my face was still as red as a tomato as i sat on the bed and waited for alyssa to start in on me .
followed it with a jar of chopped tomatoes .
but it was a quiet night at the restaurant , and instead of the bedlam she 'd expected , they were surrounded by the murmurs of conversation at the few tables that were occupied , and delicious smells - black beans , roast chicken , fresh - cut tomatoes .
paul frowned down at the tomato sauce in its pot , as though it had done something to offend him .
somehow i managed to get all the ingredients for the tomato sauce into the pot , but it took me five minutes to remember to turn the burner on .
` ` even you see it , '' i say , ladling on the final layer of tomato sauce .
it looked like tomato juice .
yesterday i discovered i love hamburgers without tomatoes .
that would be downright childish , she told herself as she made her way toward the delicious aroma of frying onions , garlic , peppers , and fresh tomatoes .
efficiently plating a mound of golden scrambled eggs that he covered with his chunky tomato sauce , he crossed to set it in the center of the table .
for a moment viper leaned against the wall and waited in pleasure for the witch to turn the annoying gargoyle into a newt , or a tomato , or anything that could n't speak .
` ` all you need to do is either make burgers or slice tomatoes , '' i tell her .
i 'll slice the tomatoes . ''
karen reaches for another tomato .
i make us grilled cheese paninis with tomatoes and basil , which is one of her favorite lunches , and we sit at the kitchen table , the window open , a cool breeze blowing through .
` ` much , '' he said , and i sniffed the air , smelling succulent tomatoes frying in basil .
i was sure that by the end of the day , i 'd be burnt to a crisp or end up looking like a bright red tomato , but i did n't really care .
his skin was white as a sheet when seen in broad daylight , but even though i warned him that he might end up looking like a bright red tomato by the end of the day , he did n't care .
such deep thoughts being raised because someone ripped up my tomato plants .
i take my time choosing the ripest tomatoes , greenest cucumbers and most vibrant peppers for tonight 's dinner .
ari washes lettuce for the salad , while i quietly chop tomatoes .
taking a piece of tomato off my chopping board , she tosses it into her mouth and talks around it .
mary started on a simple sauce by quickly cutting up the fresh tomatoes claudia had brought over .
she had a little tomato sauce on the corner of her gorgeous mouth , and without thinking , he reached across the table with his napkin to wipe it off .
you 'd pick out worms and be so thrilled with every carrot , every potato and tomato .
` ` my first memories are of digging in the dirt beside him as he planted tomatoes and strawberries . ''
finished cleaning up , the kitchen was sparkling and the smell of burned tomatoes and sour cream had been aired out of the house .
remembering what she 'd done to the tomato sauce , she put on the stove timer while heating it up .
glanced over at chester , who 'd removed his tattered baseball cap and was the color of a beefsteak tomato .
the waitress showed up with ` ` the usual , '' which turned out to be a chicken salad on wheat with what appeared to be extra tomatoes , and fries instead of chips .
i stare at the tomato sauce marking her and i ca n't help it .
* * * helena having just woken , i sit cross - legged on my bed in my spare set of pajamas , seeing as my favorite ones are still covered in tomato sauce .
there 's pancakes , eggs cooked two ways , bacon , sausage , paella , buttered flatbread , spicy baked beans , tortillas , baked tomatoes , pan - fried garlic mushrooms , cubes of potato sauteed in butter , freshly made salsa , and quiche .
kate returns with a plate full of nachos , piled with ground beef , oozing cheese , and chopped tomatoes .
i remembered one friday night when i had taken a particularly bitchy girl to dinner , and she had complained about there only being two tomato slices in her salad .
lucky had smiled widely and asked her how many more tomatoes she wanted , listing the different types available .
i 'd like bacon , eggs , tomatoes , mushrooms and a baguette please . ''
tomatoes , eggplant , zucchini , watermelon , strawberries .
if he could arrest ink and lloyd , send them back to prison where they belonged , it 'd be worth a few smashed tomatoes .
the pungent smell of garlic and tomatoes woke sophia some time later .
that i went red as a tomato and began to stammer if he deigned to talk to me ?
` ` as far as vegetables go , we have iceberg lettuce , pickles and tomatoes .
` ` no fresh tomatoes yet ? ''
regardless of the weather , she used to sit beneath the awning in her front yard on main street at the corner of apple blossom , selling handmade soaps and lotions and , depending on the season , produce from her garden , eggs from her chickens , bottled pickles , peaches and tomatoes , sweet potato pies and brownies .
` ` to count what 's left of the bottled peaches and tomatoes .
heath asked as he arranged baskets of tomatoes , carrots , zucchini and peas on the table .
` ` why do n't you take these to your folks , '' grace said and gave him a jar of peaches , a jar of pickles , tomato sauce and some carrots and fresh herbs from her garden .
and , fortunately , he lived in turlock out in the sparsely populated boondocks among the dairies , orchards and tomato farms south of sacramento .
handmade racks lined the cellar walls , racks that held wine , preserves , canned tomatoes and pickles .
your tomatoes died ?
she could smell turpentine in the shop , the scent of tomato plants drifting in from the garden .
hannah nodded as patti pulled tomatoes from one of the remaining sacks and headed around the kitchen 's small island to the fridge .
as the days of june passed and the baby 's movements became more obvious , she planted tomatoes , corn and zucchini , peas and carrots , and some bulb flowers she 'd found for sale in a magazine - dahlias she 'd ordered from denmark .
what you use to chop tomatoes ? ''
willcox is home to the world 's largest hothouse tomato grower . ''
` ` hey , i have nothing against tomatoes , '' he said with a laugh .
fake espinoza her place smelled like tomato sauce and garlic bread and parmesan cheese .
roth began turning a tomato red , shut his mouth and ground his teeth .
her signature dish is the rudolph 's delight salad - iceberg lettuce , ranch dressing , and one token cherry tomato .
` ` but no tomato soup , chocolate pudding , or raspberry applesauce .
my nose is still running , my chin is stained like a tomato , and tomorrow i 'll be sporting a vicious bruise .
` ` you could cut tomatoes in a tomato - cutting commercial , that 's how good you are . ''
` ` you could cut tomatoes in a tomato - cutting commercial , that 's how good you are . ''
then neal would chop extra loudly and wave the knife over the tomato slices with a flourish .
they ate spaghetti with sugar - sweet tomato sauce , and seth talked nonstop about the sitcom he was working on , the one he 'd just convinced to hire georgie .
` ` i believe we started roughly at the democratic gains in the south , then jumped back to the election of 1948 , dipping briefly into northern constructions of the south , vis - a - vis steel magnolias , birth of a nation , johnny cash , and fried green tomatoes .
she hands me an onion and two tomatoes and a few cloves of garlic .
the beef dish is a simple but tasty one , and after we ' ve squeezed the last bit of lime into the sauce pan to join the butter basted meat , fresh tomatoes , and vegetables , dinner is ready to be plated .
` ` with potatoes and chicken and tomatoes on it . ''
` ` shit , '' i curse under my breath as i duck behind the cart of tomatoes like a coward .
he asks with a tomato in his hand .
` ` hiding , '' i hiss , gripping onto the edge of the tomato cart ` ` i know that . ''
his gaze scans the store while mason messes around with a basket of tomatoes beside my head .
he asks in confusion while examining the tomato he 's holding , acting like this is n't a big deal .
` ` says the man fondling the tomato , '' i retort , refusing to look over at the deli .
he shakes his head as he grabs a plastic bag to put the tomato in .
he sniffs the tomato and then drops it into the bag .
mason mimics jax , leaning in to smell a tomato , and then he chucks it into the bag .
i select a large tomato and sniff it .
i seriously think about chucking the tomato at her and running out of the store .
instead , i put the tomato in the bag and plaster on my best smile .
while nova and quinton introduce themselves , i look down at mason who has knocked about ten tomatoes on the floor as he struggles to grab some from the top of the cart .
mason smiles up at her with a tomato in his hand .
avery ` ` you 're going to chop off your finger if you keep attacking the tomatoes like that , '' jax advises me for the tenth time .
jax steps up beside me , pries my hand from the knife , then sets it down on the cutting board next to a demolished pile of chopped up tomatoes .
` ` give me something else to do , then , '' i beg as i wipe the tomato juice off my hands with a paper towel .
` ` me and these tomatoes . ''
he nods his head at the mush of tomatoes on the cutting board .
then he puts the trash away and returns to the bag of tomatoes and the knife .
he starts slicing the tomato .
` ` it ai n't like they throw tomatoes .
` ` meatloaf with mashed potatoes and stewed tomatoes . ''
i fixed myself a tomato sandwich sprinkled with salt , pepper , and just a dash of dill weed .
still , the chefs at mythos tried , always carving the carrots into elaborate curlicued shapes and fashioning the tomatoes into rosettes .
carson 's blush deepened , his dusky brown skin taking on a fiery , tomato tint .
it was kind of hard to mess up raw vegetables , but the chefs at mythos did their very best , cutting the carrots , lettuce , and tomatoes into froufrou shapes and marinating them in weird sauces .
creamy , thick cheese combined with a hint of garlic , olive oil , sweet basil , and crisp tomato .
before mackenna knows what hit him , melanie and i have sent three tomatoes and a couple of eggs flying through the air .
two more tomatoes .
his eyes burn with equal fury as he takes a tomato from the table and surveys it with glinting gray eyes .
saying my least favorite nickname , he crushes the tomato in one fist , then lifts his hand , dropping little pieces of it over my head , watching me as i gasp and the juice spreads down my face and the side of my neck .
the two guards stay in the room , watching us - watching me , especially - while little pieces of tomato slide down my face .
two the witch forgot the broom but not the fucking tomato bag mackenna ` ` she 's doing it , kenna .
` ` i just let it all out , in the form of tomatoes . ''
i remember him squishing tomato into my scalp , and my stomach feels like a hot little pot , bubbling with toxicity .
` ` so you can pull out a couple more tomatoes ? ''
fuck , considering that at one point yesterday i wanted to lick the tomatoes off him , yes !
this girl not only throws a good tomato , but i popped her cherry when she was seventeen too ... ` ` hey , '' one finally says .
because my kitchen would ' ve had more ammunition than just tomatoes . ''
when i was sure she wanted nothing to do with me , she comes to my concert and sends a bunch of tomatoes flying at me .
if i had a tomato , i 'd send it crashing onto his face .
clare helped herself to some bruschetta , wondering why something as simple as a slice of grilled bread topped with excellent olive oil , a little salt and delicately chopped tomato and basil leaves could taste so good .
jake looked up from slicing a tomato .
she speared a tomato slice and ate it .
she munched the tomato and swallowed .
colby sliced a blood - red tomato into small chunks .
he found her at the counter , her shoulders stiff with tension as she sliced tomatoes .
his arms still around her , he used the knife to finish slicing the tomato .
a tomato and red onion would be quite lovely as well . ''
the tomatoes , she thought .
as she had suspected , the tomatoes were little more than pulp inside the plastic vegetable bag .
mitchell had shown rafe and gabe how to prepare the ground , water the tomatoes , and trim rosebushes .
the pasta would be a straightforward dish using olives and tomatoes and goat cheese .
gabe added some of rafe 's homemade tomato chutney to his curry .
her tomato red hair was wrapped in an impeccable french twist .
she removed the plum tomatoes from the grocery sack and set them on the counter .
i would have made a tomato - and - goat - cheese tart and fixed a lovely spinach salad tonight regardless of whether or not i was expecting a man for dinner . ''
she picked up a knife and started to slice tomatoes .
verity sliced into a ripe , red tomato on her plate , watched the juice run , and thought of vampires preparing to feed .
he picked at his food , rolling the tiny tomatoes with his fork , and cast sad glances at cerise , seated across the table four people down to their left .
and the tomatoes she liked .
it was a piece of a red car hood in the precise tomato shade of emerson 's suv , its edges dark from the blowtorch burn .
the tomato sauce and the crust tasted a little weird to her , but it was a small price to pay for the greasy , hot , spicy meat .
she grabbed all the spaghetti and tomato sauce dinner boxes back out of the trash , ripped them open , scraped them all into a bowl , and popped the bowl in the microwave .
armand had water boiling on the stove , and yvette briefly plunged tomatoes into the pot to split their skins so she could peel them and then chop them up .
connor watched yvette 's every move as she oiled a saute pan and tossed the vegetables and tomatoes into it .
the mixture of peppers , mushrooms , tomatoes , meat , and wine was heavenly , but it felt leaden on carly 's tongue .
she wrinkles her nose as she sets aside the lettuce and tomato , ridding each disassembled piece of the clinging white globs .
as i sliced the tomatoes and onions , i kept stealing glances at her .
` ` hamburger with lettuce , tomato , pickle , and ketchup , extra fries , plus chicken soup , crackers , and chocolate cake . ''
i stabbed a tomato rather than look at him , because i was afraid the expression on my face would give away how little i liked him at that moment .
i put on the most perplexed face i could muster as i chewed my tomato very slowly and swallowed .
he had not told me he grew marijuana , but boys his age did not grow tomatoes .
next came a dozen tomatoes from the timberlanes ' garden .
and bad tomato soup , at that .
she opened a drawer in the bottom and saw apples and lettuce , potatoes , onions , tomatoes , and cucumbers .
there were fruit trees and tomato plants on one side , grass , a covered swing and a pretty gazebo on the other .
not exactly the kind of diet a pregnant woman was supposed to eat , she reminded herself , and with that thought in mind , she added some fruit to the cart - oranges because they smelled good , red apples because she liked the color , watermelon and peaches and pears , lettuce and tomatoes .
he rinsed off a head of lettuce before doing the same with a tomato .
it was pretty much a french chicken , pepper , and tomato stew .
` ` tomato basil ?
i 'd enjoyed my breakfast toast , rather than longing for tomato juice .
i spilled some tomato sauce on it .
bob ignored his kibble in favor of watching quinn fry bacon , and i was slicing tomatoes .
i got to chop onions and tomatoes .
the menu , as decided by amelia , was tossed green salad with tomatoes and slivered carrots , lasagna , hot garlic bread , and steamed fresh mixed vegetables .
he carefully put a bit of tomato into his mouth , held it there , thought about it , chewed it .
perhaps next year , you 'd tell yourself , you might even be able to grow your own carrots and tomatoes .
a dinner on the plate -- noodles and salad and sliced tomato , a glass of soda next to it -- lay half eaten .
` ` thank god pinkie got the bread pudding recipe , and when the green tomatoes are in season , i want to come in every other night to have 'em fried , '' sam said .
mark asks , coming into the kitchen and leaning up against the counter as i finish chopping the tomatoes for the bruschetta .
adding the oil to the tomatoes and onions , i look over at mark and ask , ` ` will you go turn up the music ? ''
` ` whatever - tomato , tomatoes . ''
and he was smashing through skulls like they were ripe tomatoes .
he grabbed a spoon and flicked tomato something or other all over the backsplash .
opening a can of san marzano tomatoes , i drained them into a colander and then put a pot of water on the stove to boil .
she asked , stealing a tomato out of the bowl .
she asked , taking the opportunity while my eyes were closed to grab another tomato .
i saw that , by the way , '' i chided , calling her out on her tomato thievery .
just a simple platter with radishes , heirloom pear tomatoes , red carrots i 'd found at the farmer 's market , and some orange peppers i 'd cut into matchsticks .
i arranged the cukes on the platter , clustering them next to the tomatoes .
where i mixed two more martinis with a twist ... we made dinner together , lucas in charge of grilling the skewers of steak and onion , while i tossed cherry tomatoes in a hot pan with some olive oil , fresh garlic , and lots of parsley and thyme .
carrots , tomatoes , poles of bean runners that i swear grew fast enough you could see them move , and blackberry bushes thick with purply fruit .
` ` i 'll do the egg - white omelet with spinach , tomatoes , and feta , no toast , and the strawberry smoothie , please . ''
` ` here 's your dish towel , and before you ask , here 's your mustard and your lettuce and your tomato , '' i said , setting the plates down a little harder than necessary .
` ` egg - white omelet with tomatoes , mushrooms , spinach , and onions . ''
i felt my face go from pink to a lovely tomato red .
i walk in the door and i ' m hit with the aroma of garlic and tomato .
at sunset i woke to the smell of tomatoes and garlic , and trundled downstairs in my pajamas .
) , smoked turkey , a jar of bread and butter pickle slices , black olives , lettuce , and a tomato .
he cut off two healthy slices of bread , then went to work on the tomato , slicing as he talked .
it could use vodka and tomato juice , but not bad for all that . ''
i smiled , then sipped from my glass of slightly microwaved blood , which i 'd seasoned up with tabasco and tomato juice .
like the difference between tomato juice and a bloody mary , the smell carried an extra tang of something - something animal .
i could identify pickles , apples , and tomato sauce .
notwithstanding the fact that we were vampires , the air smeled of cheese , tomato sauce , and lots of garlic .
the bar was n't exactly easy on the eyes or the ears , but tonight it smelled deliciously of sweet and spicy tomatoes , probably the sauce for the pack 's signature barbecue , the pride of its new catering operation .
when i stepped into the apartment , the aroma of rich tomato sauce wafted through the air .
then i grabbed a plate off the counter and heaped some spaghetti noodles on it , adding a healthy ladle of tomato sauce over top .
extra mayo , extra turkey , cheese ... i held up a tomato and he shook his head , making a face .
i put the tomato down and topped the sandwich with another slice of white and carried it over to him .
chapter nine ` ` pizza - an oven - baked , flat , disc - shaped bread typically topped with a tomato sauce , cheese ( usually mozzarella ) , and various toppings , depending on the culture . ''
to his surprise , yet not , claire joined him and silently washed and tore apart lettuce , chopped tomatoes and cucumbers , and put the salad together .
havily , kneeling beside parisa and stroking her cheek with her forefinger , called out , ` ` i 'll volunteer to throw the rotten cabbages ... or rotten tomatoes , cow pies , sheep intestine , really hard dirt clods would do .
alison could have sworn she 'd been more careful , more circumspect , but maybe that was like a ripe tomato trying not to be red .
not a tepid , tomato juice marriage with a mortal when he could someday have a hot , satisfying pure blood passion for the rest of his undead life .
she thinks the big bang theory is just a tv show and that a tomato is a vegetable .
as long as he did n't see an increase in the water bill , he happily ate the tomatoes , and i got to enjoy my hobby .
he was surrounded by white lace , the material stretched taut , his skin an alarming shade of tomato red .
and a salad , but i mangled the tomatoes trying to cut them , so it does n't look pretty . ''
his cheeks started to turn the color of a tomato .
` ` if you 're going to see gran , i was going to see if you could give her some of the tomatoes from my garden . ''
piper 's cheeks were the color of a ripe tomato .
hash browns , sausages , mushrooms , grilled tomatoes , more bacon .
a tantalising tomato smell reaches my nose , and i pick up my fork .
i watch as he pulls out various ingredients - ground beef , kidney beans , tomatoes , pepper , onion ... ` ` what are you doing ? ''
i give the sauce a quick stir , ignoring the burning tomato at the bottom of the pan , and grab my phone .
` ` an avocado and tomato sandwich on foccacia bread . ''
a tomato - red scarf with bursts of white flowers in the print covered most of her dark hair in a surprise splash of color , but left her pretty little face free to smile at all the men sniffing after her .
from the toes of her red cowboy boots to the dark denim of her jeans , up to the matching tomato red , tight zippered hoodie she wore , the woman before him was vintage molly .
the description had been simple : a bouquet of mixed greens , tomatoes , bean sprouts and flowers .
thanks to her fair skin she probably resembled a tomato by now .
kayla chopped salad ingredients with more force than necessary , sending tomato juice and seeds flying onto the backsplash against the kitchen wall .
` ` when damian was young , we were his neighbors in new jersey , '' rosa explained as she chopped tomatoes .
` ` you were cutting a tomato with a serrated knife , '' lola said , her voice rising .
kind of hard not to watch a guy who looked as good as nick did , with that thick auburn hair and those amber eyes and those cheekbones sharp enough to slice tomatoes .
lying had come naturally to a young juliet , while henry blushed like a tomato when faced with evidence of his guilt .
the difference in meals was astounding - while luke 's plate was piled high with bacon , eggs , toast , and sliced tomatoes , kathleen had only a single poached egg , a scoop of cottage cheese , and an unbuttered piece of bread .
one of the caterers set a bowl of tomato bisque in front of her .
inside the small italian restaurant , the heavy smell of garlic and tomato sauce tickled her nose and made her mouth water .
` ` i ' m still not completely convinced tomatoes are n't poisonous . ''
` ` he trampled my tomatoes is what he did .
i have an appetite for a rich tomato sauce , and the garlic is almost ready . ''
` ` and if you 're a fan of tomatoes , get one of those too , '' he said .
` ` here 's some tomatoes .
` ` of course , '' i say , having no idea if this is sauce or not , but it has tomatoes on the picture and sauce is just tomatoes , right ?
` ` of course , '' i say , having no idea if this is sauce or not , but it has tomatoes on the picture and sauce is just tomatoes , right ?
it must be meat juice but why is n't it mixing into the tomatoes ?
i grab a large spoon and take my time , scooping out tomato chunks , meat , and all the sauce i can find that does n't have the brown goop in it .
` ` you 're seriously out of breath and your face looks like a tomato .
he sliced the tomatoes .
i had joel chop up all the garlic for the bread ( because , really , i did n't want the smell on my hands all night ) and then he even cut up some tomatoes for the salad .
` ` like a tomato , '' river adds .
smiling at the sight of his tiny mate practically attacking a plate of bacon , scrambled eggs , toast , tomatoes and baked beans , trey massaged her nape .
the green elves had just lobbed an old tomato over the fence .
i liked to slice them up with a bit of salt and fresh tomatoes and eat that at times .
` ` avocados and tomatoes , '' i sighed .
come on ; let 's find avocados and tomatoes . ''
` ` it 's a pregnant thing , '' i salted the sliced avocado and tomato on my plate .
` ` you want more fruit drinks or a tomato spice ? ''
` ` tomato spice ? ''
lendill smiled and pulled on his tomato spice drink .
the two kinds of fruit had been peeled and seeded and the brown sugars were there , as were the tomato puree and spices .
we think the hazlan clan have bought an old tomato farm and are producing just enough to keep them away from suspicion . ''
he 'd found ways to keep the insects away from the crops and always volunteered to transport the crates of tomatoes to market , selling to upscale restaurants across tulgalan .
the meat was n't dry and the lettuce and tomato fresh enough .
lunch in the cafeteria was some sort of tomato and pasta mixture that was hard to swallow .
heather went back to cutting tomatoes .
it had the words tomatoes are not a fruit printed across it .
` ` i thought tomatoes were a fruit . ''
` ` i do n't understand why he feels strongly enough about tomatoes to print a poster about it . ''
if i were prone to blushing , i 'd be a tomato .
with fried tomato . ''
they sat in silence , hands linked , until the door opened and arthur - now fully dressed - sidled in with a tray the size of a card table , laden with bacon , sausages , kidneys , kippers , shirred eggs in butter , grilled mushrooms and tomatoes , toast , jam , marmalade , a huge pot of fragrantly steaming tea , bowls of sugar and milk - and a covered dish which he set ceremoniously before hal , this proving to be filled with a sort of nasty thin gruel .
` ` with tomato sauce ? ''
` ` tomato , to - mah - to . ''
jess turned to nicky , a can of tinned tomatoes in her hand .
after this came jars of preserved tomatoes , rice and apples .
i was afraid , that first evening , even to lick my fingers , although the sight of them , dripping with tomato juice or sticky with apple , was sorely tempting .
the scent of the chicken , roasted in a garlic and tomato sauce , had thoroughly infused the air .
the garlic and tomatoes filled my mouth with long - forgotten pleasure , my nostrils with scents i could have inhaled for ever .
' i just do n't fall in love with every person of the opposite sex who happens to sell me a pot of tomato food . '
i could picture my sister , her pannier under her arm , picking up tomatoes and aubergines , feeling their weight and gently putting them back .
i suspected i looked like one of those plastic tomatoes you squeeze ketchup out of .
the aroma of tomatoes and spices hit my nose and caused my alcohol - filled stomach to churn .
` ` what kind of southern girl would i be if i did n't enjoy collard greens and fried green tomatoes ? ''
the fried green tomatoes here are kick - ass .
in between the appetizers of my gumbo and rhys 's fried green tomatoes , i steered the conversation away from me and to him .
rhys speared a piece of tomato a little more forcefully than necessary .
go shower the tomato and beer smell off you . ''
be thankful that rhys seems to appreciate you just as much when you 're in jeans and smelling of tomato sauce after work . ''
frank 's face turned the color of an overripe tomato at her admonishment .
aj questioned with a smile , as he sopped up some of his remaining tomato sauce with a garlic knot .
we worked together in the kitchen , him grilling the sandwiches and me slicing some tomatoes that were about to go bad .
i glanced over at jaxon , who was chopping tomatoes into slimy little chunks , and almost chuckled at the disdain on his face .
chapter twelve mckenna luke and i were elbow deep in noodles and tomato sauce , and i was trying to understand what he meant about me forgiving knox .
i pop a small cherry tomato into my mouth from my salad .
makeup as perfect as her pose , she 's leaning in and digging a small hole to plant a tomato seedling .
my heart was beating me to death and my fingers trembled as i stacked bacon and tomatoes on my grilled cheese .
i quickly put together a sandwich with lettuce , tomato , cheese , and a little mayo .
she asked around a mouthful of dough , tomato sauce , and gooey cheese .
i stuffed a crispy piece of bacon into my mouth as i added some sliced tomato to my sandwich .
the smell was enough to turn my stomach : anchovies with pineapple , and ranch instead of tomato sauce ?
the first thing to catch my attention was the overpowering delicious aroma of tomatoes and garlic .
` ` tonight 's the night , '' he informed me as he set a dozen eggs , a whole tomato , onion , mushrooms and spinach on the counter by the stove where a pan was already sprayed and waiting for him to make a mammoth omelet .
cutting a tomato , i ate three slices before even putting one on my sandwich .
and our tomatoes and potatoes are the talk of milledgeville at the county fairs .
his greatest asset was his ability to read the moment , run with it , and skillfully dodge the catcalls and the rotten tomatoes .
later that night as they lay with each other amid the beer cartons and tomato sauce , jen whispered into mikes ear : say hello to your new agent , and promoter , boy - o .
everyone was feted with all the delicacies of greek cuisine : roast lamb , pullets , heaps of grapes , salads full of unidentifiable wild greens , tomatoes , hunks of goat - cheese , jugs of wine , and of course , the ubiquitous ouzo and raki .
and the tomato ?
[ ` ` tomato savoury . '' ]
liao shrugged her shoulders , absently popping one of the almost - fresh tomatoes into her mouth .
we grew tomatoes . '
that poor thing has been baking in the sun like a tomato , said luciele , grabbing her nose .
when his shift was over , michael rushed through kitchen cleanup , gobbled a dripping hunk of stale bread dipped in tomato sauce , and ran upstairs to his bedroom , still chewing .
they sat alone by the windows and sipped coffee and picked at their tomato - and - salt soup , and the hard stick of bread that came with it .
the shelves , which were supposed to hold cans of preserved fruits , tinned beans and tomatoes , boxes of pasta and rice , and bottles of olive oil and italian spices , were empty except for the occasional dusty item .
his head spun again , and michael found himself gazing at an extra - large can of tomato sauce on the shelf .
i draw a plan of the garden and mark out where the corn , beans , tomatoes , potatoes and last , but certainly not least , lettuces will go .
' this and this , and this and that , ' says zeus , pulling out streaky bacon , eggs , tomatoes , and some delicious smelling freshly baked bread .
table of contents death echoes my eyelids are old strips of overcooked bacon , my eyes rotting tomatoes threatening to burst every time i blink .
since she could n't garner excitement over tomato production and nobody paid attention to her she put together her own schedule , a subset of a master schedule that was so vague it was almost impossible to disturb .
` ` with just a little more work you are bound to have a tomato patch just like sister joseph 's . ''
she revisited the mental picture of the tomatoes , trying to recall what they looked like , but could n't remember anything out of the ordinary .
anyway , it took sister joseph three years to bring her tomatoes to this state , so you should be pleased . ''
it took some getting used to seeing five foot tall green onions and tomato chords looped twelve times around the plot as they kept growing .
sarah was sometimes absorbed in the pruning of a tomato chord and felt a waft of chamomile or lavender fragrance brush past her , as delicate and elusive as the breeze .
they walked quietly among the wild tomato chords and the trailing grape vines , gently pushing clumps of wheat out of the way , scattering the over ripe kernels on the ground .
they also have some type of lettuce , turnips , and tomatoes .
sausage , bacon , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans and toast , replied ali .
haggia was sitting on a chair in the sun , polishing some tomatoes as she watched the world go by .
the trauma , cry if you want , its fine , she clutched me round the waist , shiny tomatoes rolling out of her lap and across the floor .
haggia was retrieving her tomatoes when a man came flying out of the window of the bottle shop and landed on the pavement in a pile of glass and hobo .
looks like it , haggia said , putting her precious tomatoes on the counter by the cash register .
i have fresh tomatoes , the bald dark man said , showing an open bag .
i have fresh bread and tomatoes .
the bartender prepared us a tray of bread and tomatoes and we dug in , eating his food , drinking his booze .
everything he needed and more was present on his plate ; eggs , fried potatoes and onions , mushrooms , tomatoes , toast , and even a small cup of baked beans .
sure , the man could discuss the reproductive system of an alien for hours , yet when it came to earth women his face went red like a tomato .
on another occasion , when liberty was making blts , he dropped a ripe tomato onto the kitchen floor .
the tomato sauce dripped , glistening with the oily runoff of the ground meat .
beans , corn , tomatoes .
i m nearly inside the house when a can of tomatoes slips out of a hole in the side of one of the bag and rolls down the driveway .
stumbling inside , i drop the bags down with a large thud , and go back outside for the mia tomatoes .
i stand in the doorway of our bedroom , my arms wrapped around myself , still clutching the can of tomatoes .
crispy bread doused in rich , golden olive oil , and served alongside fresh tomatoes with bursting skins they were so ripe .
and dante looks like he s ready to explode but he does nt as his face is red as a tomato .
he s red as a tomato .
i can feel my head is red as a tomato as i perspire a bit .
once he got close , he jumped up and swung his sword ; slicing off krons head as easy as slicing off a piece of tomato with a sharp knife .
sheen used a grenade no , sorry , it was a tomato , was n't it ? ''
tomatoes and peas vining right up to the top of the skylight .
the tomatoes looked a bit wilted and water deprived .
i scooped out a bucket full and set about watering the tomato plants .
i will , tomatilla , he said , using her toddler nickname of little tomato .
franklin put the turnips into a wooden basket atop some tomatoes and small purple cabbages .
the tomatoes were mostly rotten and the cucumbers had yellowed , but the mustard and collard greens were dark and healthy - looking .
and roofs that do nt leak and cars and appliances that work and tomatoes that are ripe ?
instead , he spent the better part of an evening performing a complex diagnostic spell on sliced , peppered turkey , while eating corpse , lettuce and tomato sandwiches .
he stopped at the gardens edge and looked at the chest high tomato plants full of bright red cherry sized fruit .
it was surely the finest crop of tomatoes he had ever raised in all his long years .
he sliced some tomatoes and a large cucumber to which he added fresh dill and with the leftover cornbread and fried chicken from the spring house .
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
yes , we ve been growing tomatoes along it .
david gratton ii pulled out a large sandwich filled with all sorts of cheese , cucumbers , tomatoes and lettuce , all of which was drizzled with mayonnaise .
also i have a head of lettuce , a few small tomatoes and even a cucumber or two .
` ` spiced beef , tomato and eggs , '' said gaent .
i know my face looked like a tomato , as i became more and more self - conscious , and i blurted what are you looking at me like that for ?
she started a soup of onions , potatoes , celery , green tomatoes , peppers , leek , and clams .
in the kitchen he had noticed vegetables lying around : squash and beans , melons and tomatoes .
juvenile eggplant and tomato plants , also king - sized , were already taller than johnny .
he imagined cans of corned beef , green beans , and corn as well as cereal in the pantry , and lunch meat , tomatoes , and cucumbers in the fridge along with a gallon of milk .
they set their minds to control the seeding by just standing still and watching as bags of seeds contributed from other ranchers in the area spread wheat and grain for miles , then they did the same with vegetables : tomatoes , squash , and onions .
he estimated the number of oranges , tomatoes and other vegetables and put those in the sacks too .
grace reached for his hand at the graveside and they ate their tomatoes in honor of their fallen third , tossing the dripping remains after him and licking the juice from their fingers so that nothing was wasted .
the little bulge on the side of her throat must have pained her because she grimaced when she swallowed and it looked to wallis as if she had to swallow many times to get the bits of tomato down .
it was just a few tomatoes on bread with a single leaf of lettuce and some vegemite to add a little flavor .
i tried not to remember the tangy tomato sauce on the homemade pasta or the huge pieces of fried chicken that when bitten into , yielded only juicy white meat .
elijah said , and we all turned to see that he was holding up one rations box and a half moldy tomato .
next she came up with an idea for a nice tomato and eggplant terrine .
it is a tomato , eggplant terrine .
at least it has onions and tomatoes , she thought .
she was going to make pasta with tomato sauce , from a can .
the ham and lettucealong with the tomato , mustard , and mayonnaisemixed well with it , creating peculiar sensations .
my impression , however , is possibly as valuable as rotten tomatoes . ''
as he watched , the last remnants of pulverized meat , beans , and tomato sauce disappeared from the plate into the sonicvac nozzle .
there were little plants growing in rows and i do nt think they were tomato plants .
tomatoes or lettuce or even potted plants ? ''
nature grew tomatoes on her own long before we showed up with our tools . ''
coraline found some packets of vegetable seeds in the back of the store , and grabbed several boxes of tomato , carrots , cucumber , pumpkin , zucchini , and onion seeds , as well as a case marked ` ` mixed herbs '' .
once their grains were in , they spent the last part of april and the better part of may tilling and prepping as many vegetable plots as they could reasonably care for , and by the end of may , had tomatoes , onions , cucumbers , pumpkins , zucchini , and herbs starting to grow in the front yards of the townspeople .
` ` we 're still not done stringing the fence for the new cows down on mockingbird , there 's a problem with the tomatoes that needs attention , the clean crew needs new hazmat gear so we 'll have to go on another raid , the fishing group needs more salt ... '' ` ` and they can all take care of it themselves for a few days . ''
maybe that last one , she had to concede , only the neighbors were countries and they probably never fought over whose tomatoes were whose when the beds spread out and overgrew their marked plots .
denise could probably figure out how to tame the damn tomatoes .
the front yards of each of the houses were bursting with ripening tomatoes , cucumbers , green onions , squashes , and herbs .
the tomato plants had spread so far , seemed like so much .
slightly acid tomatoes .
i usually like to make my own , but ever since the dead started walking , tomatoes have been scarce .
` ` three egg omelet with bacon , cheese , and tomatoes .
i have real eggs for your omelet and real bacon and tomatoes .
it tastes okay , but here , smell this , '' iramy requested as she held out a fresh tomato .
jeremy took the tomato from iramy .
` ` tomato ? ''
the smell was different than the synthesized tomatoes he had eaten .
jeremy brought the tomato to his mouth and took a bite .
the feeling of the skin breaking and the warm tomato juice squirting into his mouth took him by surprise .
` ` this tastes nothing like a fake tomato . ''
tomatoes , several types of peppers , sweet and hot , green beans , squash , zucchini , lettuce , potatoes , lots of herbs and few other things .
` ` this really is so much better with real eggs and tomatoes , '' he sighed .
` ` here 's some coffee and some tomato juice .
` ` i ' m not into tomato juice . ''
if a fifty - four year old bald man who dresses like a college professor but has the mind of spoiled tomatoes , and has a hard on for every conspiracy his feeble mind can give in to , if such happens were you find yourself in the care of such as man as described you should not allow him to take you up into a glass skyscraper , with a elevator on the outside of the building also totally made of class from ceiling to floor .
there was spaghetti on my plate , made the way dad always did itvenison mixed in with the ground beef for the meatballs , tomato sauce from the tomatoes he d grown , cheddar cheese melted in squares over the top of the whole mess .
there was spaghetti on my plate , made the way dad always did itvenison mixed in with the ground beef for the meatballs , tomato sauce from the tomatoes he d grown , cheddar cheese melted in squares over the top of the whole mess .
my knees buckled at moms command but i had to clench my fists to keep from picking up the tomatoes and noodles on my plate and throwing them at someone .
then there were the rows of sweet potatoes and turnips , and closer to the little farmhouse , in the summer there were tomatoes , peppers , herbs , and squash that dad had coaxed out of the rocky soil with the help of our compost pile .
` ` you have forever to think about it , you can pace yourself , '' sister joseph commented from the field where she still enjoyed planting tomatoes with her own hands even though the whole process was now completely automated .
` ` they 're the strawberry flavored sprinkles , '' sister joseph clarified from the tomato patch .
maybe they were fond of their cheese , or they grew the tastiest tomatoes .
he could see limbs flailing , and a head explode like a tomato .
tinned herring fillets in tomato sauce , tinned anchovy fillets in olive oil .
so yes , its yer fault that you and the ancient elf ended up covered in tomato sauce .
calgonnel and i are left standing there , covered in tomato sauce .
remembering the tomato sauce during our training , i keep an eye out in front of us while simons watching our backs .
a tomato splashed across the windshield , forcing me to turn on the wipers .
the head grower left us alone as cullen half - dragged me between the rows of tables to still a third greenhouse filled with tomato plants .
he took a step backwards and bumped into a table filled with growing tomatoes .
he returned half an hour later carrying a half - dead tomato plant .
i touched the tomato plant gently .
he waited , managing to stare holes through my body even while he stared at the tomato plant that responded faster than i 'd thought .
i looked at cullen and smiled even more because he was staring at the tomato plant as if waiting for it to bite him .
there 's no other tomato plant to replace the sick one with .
there 's not a single healthy tomato plant on the destiny so i know you could n't trick me . ''
` ` the cherry tree and the tomato plant were n't flukes . ''
` ` she brought a sick tomato plant back to health in front of my eyes .
when i opened my eyes the plant was healthy again and there were several tiny , green tomatoes along the branches .
he put the tomato plant back and led the way to the other greenhouses .
someone carrying a bag of fresh vegetables reached in and withdrew a tomato .
just as a tomato had smashed against our windshield on launch day , one now hit me on the cheek .
your baby '' more tomatoes pelted us , followed by sticks plucked from nearby trees .
i pushed tomato from my arm .
sharif started pulling out the items one by one , firstly a large warm blanket , than some extra jackets and last but most definitely not least two cans of tomato and onion soup .
kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when i arrived home .
magen was having , what seemed to be , pasta twists , in tomato sauce , seasoned with herbs , and some chunks of rather amorphous , and unnamed meat .
its spirulina and liver powder mixed with water and tomato juice .
if she was nt careful she could still burn and blister like a tomato .
he picked up the single tomato slice he was permitted and examined it with keen interest .
it all stood within the heart of the tomato .
he realized he was still holding the tomato slice to the ceiling light , with a jerked arm bent awkwardly at the elbow .
this , this is a tomato .
he had seen that thing on the mans wrist , when the man had looked down at it , like a clamp on a weak tomato plants stem .
ravno did notice the man with the tomato stem - clamp on his wrist walking with the group , and thought to catch up to discover whether the man was an accomplice to , or nescient of , his about - face in the boto .
all my bones would be broken as i was flung into the front of a shop or the brick wall of a tavern like a bag of rotten tomatoes being chucked at the rubbish pile .
i need to feed me for the next year ; ill plant potatoes , onions and carrots , and green beans and peas and pumpkins , red peppers and tomatoes .
the steaks came off the grill , and while ash and holiday sat at the picnic table watching the steaks on their paper plates , frank went back into the condo to get a potato gratin and a tomato salad .
when he straightened he had a tomato in each hand .
she organized a meal of tinned spaghetti in tomato sauce and not much else .
i decide to go all out today and throw some tomatoes in with the lettuce and carrots .
fresh tomatoes from my garden .
my tomatoes are in the hidden garden , but ill be damned if i give my captors a single bite , even if it means i have to starve with them .
from the extra height , she came down rough in a plot of chicken - wire - covered tomatoes .
` ` the lunch special is grilled peppers and for dinner we are doing tomato soup . ''
it is a flat piece of bread ( the crust ) , tomato sauce and melted cheese .
instead , the ogre tossed the axe away , stepped over to the garden , grabbed great handfuls of tomatoes , squashed them to a pulp , and started rubbing that pulp all over its midriff , legs , andmost peculiarly of all , inside its loin cloth .
the ogre had mangled the tomatoes into oblivion .
everything else was fine , but the tomatoes .
it was better than staring at the tomatoes .
he liked tomatoes .
the sliced tomatoes had reminded him of her lips , from the mushrooms she saw images of her curved hips .
she muttered , confused and shocked at his comment which he blurted out with no more passion than when someone was asking for a tomato in the mess hall line .
a cheeseburger , '' she said , ` ` with onions and tomatoes and lettuce and pickles and mayonnaise .
a cheeseburger , '' she said , ` ` with onions and tomatoes and lettuce and pickles and mayonnaise . ''
the hawkinsite said , ` ` your tomatoes are remarkable vegetables .
epilogue izzy 's epoche left nora standing between the zucchinis and the cherry tomatoes behind the house johnny abilene had built her in upstate new york .
he devoured the stuffed tomato on lettuce without being entirely aware of its nature and for a second or so after he had gulped down the last mouthful his fork still slithered aimlessly over the slick cardboard of his plate , searching automatically for something that was no longer there .
instead she closed her eyes and drew in the smell of tomato sauce filtering under her door .
jessica kept eating , trying to enjoy the mingled tastes of long - simmered tomatoes , number 18 spaghetti , and almost - too - many reduced onions .
` ` or maybe it comes with a bonus set of knives tough enough to saw through a nail , yet still cut tomatoes like this . ''
that , coupled with her startling inability to follow the lines , had produced something that resembled a squashed tomato more than it did a bird .
the raptors were snarling at arnold when the animal on the left simply exploded , the upper part of the torso flying into the air , blood spattering like a burst tomato on the walls of the building .
good gosh - amighty , the tomatoes !
bobby brought out plates of ravioli with tomato sauce , and mixed vegetables .
peter wakeman gulped down a glass of tomato juice , shuddered , and pushed the analysis across the breakfast table to cartwright .
` ` got some good tomatoes and peppers , be a shame to waste them .
` ` i ' ve got fusilli pasta with chicken , asparagus , and sun - dried tomatoes , '' she said , ` ` and a mixed green salad to follow .
then his mouth connects , and he feels his teeth cut into the soft lining of his lips , and all at once his mouth is filled ivith a salty taste like hot tomato juice .
` ` promise you wo n't throw no tomatoes if i stink up the joint , '' he said .
roland , always literal , said , ` ` we have no tomatoes , in any case . ''
at first there were only two shapes , one black , one a dark tomato red .
he found a book of matches with a tomato sauce recipe on it .
just another litterbug on the great tomato plant of life .
by god , his rotten old tomatoes ai n't life and death , like this is . ''
someone threw a tomato .
as he and bradley spoke together , the maddening aroma of simmering ground beef , vegetables , and tomato sauce began to fill the room , driving the cabbage back into the corners and making richards realize how hungry he was .
she tottered on the stool and jake rushed forward to steady her before she could join the tomato paste .
16 jake walked slowly along castle avenue , past pizza shops and bars and bodegas where old women with suspicious faces poked the potatoes and squeezed the tomatoes .
when the familiar scent of long - simmering tomatoes slunk into jessica 's room , she stared at her desk calendar for a puzzled moment , then threw down her physics book and ran down the hall .
beyond ladonna 's tomato plants was a high board fence and a gate .
weed the tomatoes and beans , then go play .
the last of the tomatoes were picked , the last of the cucumbers , the last of the corn , the last of the parey and mingo .
there was a stench to the place , a smell like rotten meat and hot putrefied tomatoes .
a soundless whispering ran through them like a gathering wave , and they began to pelt her - first with cornhusks , then with rotting tomatoes , then with potatoes and apples .
four tomatoes .
[ except for giovanni jacopo casanova ( 1725 .. 1798 ) , famed amoutist and litterateur , who revealed in volume 12 of his memoirs that , as a matter of course , he carried around with him at all times a small valise containing ` ` a loaf of bread , a pot of choice seville marmalade , a knife , fork , and small spoon for stirring , 2 fresh eggs packed with care in unspun wool , a tomato or love .. apple , a small frying pan , a small sauce pan , a spirit burner , a chafing dish , a tin box of salted butter of the italian type , 2 bone china plates .
gary looked at the bill on their table , counted out pound coins , and dropped them onto the formica , where they sat beside a plastic tomato ketchup container in the shape of an oversized tomato , old ketchup caked black about its nozzle .
gary looked at the bill on their table , counted out pound coins , and dropped them onto the formica , where they sat beside a plastic tomato ketchup container in the shape of an oversized tomato , old ketchup caked black about its nozzle .
` ` throwing out manson is like , i do n't know , it 's like ordering a pizza and then complaining when it arrives because it 's flat , round , and covered in tomato sauce and cheese . ''
that a ploughman 's turned out to be a rectangular slab of sharp - tasting cheese , a lettuce leaf , an undersized tomato with a thumbprint in it , a mound of something wet and brown that tasted like sour jam , and a small , hard , stale roll , came as a sad disappointment to ben , who had already decided that the british treated food as some kind of punishment .
i vomited a foul - smelling thin yellow liquid ; in it was a dog 's paw - my guess was a doberman 's , but i ' m not really a dog person ; a tomato peel ; some diced carrots and sweet corn ; some lumps of half - chewed meat , raw ; and some fingers .
he went back to his desk and ate his lunch with his colleagues , a sandwich he 'd made himself that morning , avocado and tomato - no recession in his fridge .
you ask me , a proper breakfast is fried eggs , sausages , black pudden , and grilled tomatoes . ''
he took a plastic bucket from under the sink , tossed several tomatoes , a raw yam , a half - eaten lump of cheddar cheese , and a carton of orange juice into it .
ashley asked , sopping up tomato sauce from her plate with a piece of garlic toast .
amos cooked tomato paste and the last of their fresh mushrooms into a red sauce that actually smelled like the real thing .
tilly picked halfheartedly at a farm - grown tomato and real mozzarella salad that anna could have afforded on europa by selling a kidney , and said , ` ` have you heard from namono ? ''
they had five vine - ripened tomatoes left - just enough .
while things sizzled , he chopped tomatoes .
he added the tomatoes and crushed them into the onions and poured more oil and leaned over the stovetop into the sweet - smelling wafts of steam , trying , just for a beat , to embrace the fantasy .
but as soon as he dug into a bag of overripe tomatoes , he was feeling much better . ''
mrs . maheras had finished pruning and was now inspecting her tomato plants , pulling off bugs , pulling weeds .
` ` the tomatoes look nice .
` ` tomatoes do better after the late frosts are past , but i ca n't help wanting to get an early start . ''
she looked at the ground before her , now planted with flowers and tomatoes .
when cinder had suggested they go somewhere that was in reach of new beijing while they figured out the next phase of their plan , wolf had paced back and forth in the galley , cradling a can of tomatoes .
nothing , not even her grandmother 's prized tomatoes , had ever tasted so good .
at the center , a ragged vegetable garden of tomatoes , carrots , squash .
happy as a butterfly on a sunny day , i walked out of the pantry holding dry pasta and tomato sauce .
malik whispered , ` ` you have more tomato sauce on your face . ''
the heat was rising in my face to the point that i probably looked like a tomato by the time we finally got to the gate .
` ` maybe she can grow tomatoes , '' said bodo , getting a far off look .
* * * i found bodo staring at the future home of the promised tomatoes .
` ` i mean , i heard it was genetic engineering in the tomatoes or something . ''
` ` if someone had told me a couple years ago that i 'd be riding my bike down south to live in a prison with a bunch of strangers to raise cattle and tomatoes , i 'd have turned and walked the other direction , thinking they needed to be checked into the nearest mental health facility , '' said ronald .
some tomatoes .
my dad had shown me the basics of growing tomatoes and beans and stuff , but refused to put a garden in at our house .
peter really looked like he needed the calories and i had a terrible craving for tomatoes that was getting harder and harder to ignore .
` ` i want tomatoes .
i have promised you tomatoes and you will haff dem .
without you i would have been sitting in my aunt 's house still , looking at my last batch of tomato sauce and wondering where i was going to find my next meal . ''
i wait expectantly as we share a can of pasta drowning in tomato sauce , but he still does n't utter a word .
dusty old boxes that crumble upon touch , jars of once - red tomato sauce now blackened within , a section of egg cartons that have clearly been ripped apart by a hungry beast .
do you know she covered it with a tomato sauce ?
velondra did nt know what to say as she played with her food , pushing the small cherry tomatoes around .
we also make a variety with jalapeo and sun - dried tomatoes .
the tangy scent of tomato sauce drifts up from my plate .
the testosterone is so thick in the air it might soon have a sharper scent than the tomato - rich pizza .
mom is at the stove stirring store - bought tomato sauce while on another burner a pot of water starts to bubble .
` ` lettuce and tomatoes , '' my mom informs .
aunt letty serves herself a large helping of the meatloaf made with lots of tomato sauce , mushrooms , and bell pepper .
benjamin grins as he dices the tomatoes .
the largest tomato vine .
he jogs to the stove , lifting the skillet of hen eggs mixed with american cheese , red onions , green peppers and his special tomato sauce into both hands while he slowly pads towards mellas plate , first then brags .
i tenderly lay my food spread across my placemat consisting of home - made bake whole wheat bread , fresh - from - the - farm smoked turkey slices , numerous organic lettuce shreds , organic fresh green and red diced tomatoes , crushed and blended mustard seeds , an organic apple , many sunflower seeds and earths spring water .
i climbed up and busied myself washing the tomatoes and cleaning the other veggies .
i laid a tea towel on the bench and spread tomatoes across it .
mutters my mum and spoons a tinned tomato into her mouth .
i pick out my usual items , tinned pineapple slices , some alphabet spaghetti and a tin of tomatoes .
i place the tomatoes back on the table , sinead puts down the pineapples .
we move into the kitchen and begin emptying out the presses , pulling out anything that is edible and still in date , cans of beans , tomatoes , pickles anything we can get our hands on .
i pour some beans onto the plate along with some tomatoes , all emitting steam and pleasant aromas that make my mouth water uncontrollably even more .
before this started , it would nt dream of mixing something like beans and tomatoes , but its surprising how people change when the world is taken over by brainless flesh - hungry monsters .
camaro ducked an over - ripe tomato , followed in rapid succession by a grapefruit and a boomeranging banana that splattered harmlessly against the podium .
she lazily reached her hand over to pick up a cherry tomato from sams plate .
medea did nt stop playing , but then another tomato landed nearby .
eric looked at thomas and dinah , and noticed how the former took another tomato from tims parcel and threw it at medea , who , nevertheless , continued to play .
she had noticed the rotten tomatoes flying at her , but had nt stopped her music .
but when the tomato hit her violin , the fiddlestick fell from her hand .
seeing thomas with a tomato in his hand , colin rushed towards him through the row of seats .
put some ice on it , electra suggested as she decorated the pastries with pickled onions and cherry tomatoes .
you re face turns as red as a tomato .
yeah , raed like to meet this beth and throw rotten bananas at her , along with a few moldy tomatoes .
tonight kira was feeling homey , so she bought fresh tomatoes , spices and flour to make some good old - fashioned spaghetti .
as kira dug her fingers into the tomatoes she had just sliced , she thought about her family .
there are crops nearby , corn mostly , also tomatoes and sunflowers , cucumbers and snap peas and peppers .
i pass one farmhouse where there are no cars in the driveway , and i snatch some tomatoes from the garden in their yard to eat like apples as i walk .
i throw the tomato rinds and corn cobs on the ground , and listen as the dog happily gulps them up in her teeth .
i sit into the corner , curling my knees to my chest , and pull from my pocket the last tomato .
at least the tomato is sort of warm from being in my pocket .
i do nt have to think about anything more extraordinary than scrubbing off crusted eggs and ketchup and tomato sauce overgrown with mold , and dishpan hands .
that faint wisp of hamburger slathered with special sauce and tomatoes is driving me crazy .
beans , pickles , tomatoes .
i could use a hand slicing the tomatoes and onions , she replied .
a few minutes later it becomes apparent when the man reappears with plates of food : eggs , toast , roasted tomatoes , sausages , beans .
i shovel another forkful of tomatoes into my mouth and swallow before asking , ` ` come again ? ''
the sandwiches the three of them sat down to were soggy and bland : overripe tomato slices sliding out of the crust , not enough salt , and mayonnaise that squirted onto the table when you bit into them .
with the other hand , i cut the bright red cherry tomatoes into halves with the butter knife .
i jammed a fork full of lettuce leaves , a tomato piece , and a cucumber slice in my mouth and chewed roughly .
a cucumber , a tomato , and a couple of lettuce pieces .
we d end up in their tomato patch and still be trapped .
when you come right down to it , you re a coward with a capital c. casanova richie , with his healthy head of tomato meat sauce - colored hair , smugly snickered at my last remark .
i guess its better than taking his lady friend to see attack of the killer tomatoes .
hello there , mrs . mazzilli , mike said as we approached her backyard and found her tinkering around in a small but healthy - looking patch of tomato plants .
nice looking tomatoes you have there , mrs . mazzilli , i said .
shell appreciate it , i said as i took possession of the hearty - looking tomato .
mike and i found our parents seated at the kitchen table and enjoying a light lunch consisting of things that physically repulse melike stinky cheeses and gelatinous tomatoes swimming in pungent vinegar .
my refrigerator held soy yogurt , apples , raw almonds , and orange juice , and i had some whole - wheat pasta and tomato sauce in the pantry , but that was about it .
hunt 's tomato sauce .
the modern way to cook with tomato .
i d only worn it twenty minutes , but had taken it off after sloshing tomato juice down it .
i dumped the meat back into the pot , tomato sauce splattering across the table .
a drop of tomato sauce ran down his finger .
a tomato flew toward me and i jerked back in time for it to fly past .
seriously , a tomato ?
who the hell brings tomatoes to a concert ?
an instant later , she pulled a whistle on a chain from underneath her collar , and her cheeks bloated like two tomatoes on a vine , setting londons entire south end on alarm .
one vender even threw a tomato at her , where it smacked her squarely in the cheek before splattering at her feet .
` ` i guess you can crack the eggs , '' mila said , fishing out some tomatoes from the dish they sat in .
she began chopping the tomatoes and onions , pointing him at the bowl .
even gloria grew to anticipate being able to collect fresh tomatoes and peppers .
the first harvest was reaped in a little less than two months - by then , they had a dutch family staying with them - and they had a bit of a party with the succulent tomatoes and crisp peppers .
i worked as a mason , building tomato shops for market women and stands for mai suya .
after then , i was also given the first contract on my street to build the first tomato stand as a mason , ever since , i knew i would go places .
the oregano , the tomato sauce ; he was making my favorite spaghetti .
that s the tomato soup with ham and eggs , right ?
plus , she suddenly decided she liked pop artyou know , those old fashioned strip cartoons and super hero kind of imagesso she painted cartoon murals all along her wall along with superman and wonder woman figures and was collecting campbells tomato soup can labels for a collage .
marcy 's spaghetti prasad , an improvement on batali * ingredients 3 heads of garlic , pressed 10 tablespoons garlic powder 3 cans crushed tomatoes 1 pound sun dried tomatoes , soaked overnight 3 packs dried spaghetti 1 pound mushrooms , chopped and dropped accidentally on the ground , wiped halfheartedly 1 quart olive oil 1 cup sugar , confused for salt directions combine ingredients with two quarts of water in pressure cooker .
the house had a small , well - maintained garden with abundant tomatoes , cucumbers , beans , peas , vegetables of all varieties .
she headed to the garden and snipped some tomatoes and beans , putting them into her basket .
they sat down at a table loaded with fresh watermelon , sliced tomatoes , freshly baked biscuits , chicken and dumplings , cinnamon rolls , and more favorites .
some tomatoes for when you mess up .
would you thank a grocer just cos he sold you a tomato ?
i only ate one sandwich with tomato and cheese in it .
the bright dashes of color from tomatoes or yellow peppers were a treasure to be sought as she walked by .
she ended up with tomatoes and cheese , bundled neatly in thin flat bread .
jasmin momentarily envisaged battering mrs randerson with her tray and , when that broke , attacking her with a shrink - wrapped tomato roll .
when the door to his chamber room sang louder with musical notes spilling from the ceiling he turned prepared for his walk down to the kitchen and his may be final meal of fried tomatoes and eggs .
victoria said in a low and soft voice as she was slicing the tomatoes .
victoria stopped slicing the tomato and ate one .
he notices ; his eyes turn down , his face flushes red like a tomato , and he looks back towards the screen fidgeting in his seat .
the colour scheme reminded charlotte of the time shed put tomato sauce on top of baked beans and then eaten it ; the running mess of dark orange and stark red , the sweet , tangy flavour that made her skin sweat , the overriding feeling that it was nt right .
oliver was watching the two of them , eyes wide , bean sauce smeared over his cheek now , mixing with the tomato sauce by his eyebrow .
eyes darting between the plates , now to the munching mouths , to the mugs in the hands , to the lone cherry tomato in the bowl , to the remnant of gravy and wasted breadit was a torturing sight .
i am not going to linger on this subject , for your face has turned redder than a tomato .
his ears turn as red as a tomato .
henry pulled out some macaroni and cheese and a can of tomato sauce and went to work .
i could see greenhouses full of tomatoes and cucumbers , there were grapes and plums .
she was always driving off in her mini with boxes of tomatoes and lettuces or beetroots and peas for restaurants and shops around the county .
sally had been off delivering vegetables : beef tomatoes i think .
stevie and daniel considered themselves connoisseurs of pizza , and any connoisseur knew a real pizza was pepperoni , sausage , extra cheese , and , of course , marcos secret recipe tomato sauce .
not mayonnaise , tomatoes , or watermelon .
it made her look slightly larger than what she was , like an over ripe tomato , and yet she glowed .
i called my mom to get her tomato sauce and garlic bread recipes .
the noodles were too thick and grainy , the sauce tasted like straight tomato paste , and the garlic bread was wet with too much butter .
mason , i i m sorry , i red as a cherry tomato , i turn for the door .
shop bought sliced bread and that lovely salad cream took all the mundane taste of lettuce , tomatoes and cucumber away .
nights in the country of the viet , on a boat about to reach its destination for too - many days , after the believed - in or wished - for sight of land would offer some real promise of a new life and some warm clothingthen nc chm sauce ( dipping sauce ) like tomato sauce on spaghetti ( for italians ) would not be wasted on a plate of flying fish that flipped on board that night .
i awoke to the tantalizing smell of my favorite meal , grilled cheese sandwiches with tomatoes .
after that i chose the little wieners wrapped in croissants , the macaroni salad , graham crackers , and cherry tomatoes .
my face was the color of over - ripe tomatoes and my eyes were glassed - over .
i marched back into the party before jasper or michael could come back inside , not caring that i still looked like a tomato , not caring about my shirt .
would you like some fresh tomato to go with it ?
the buds quickly grew and took the shape of firm , luscious red tomatoes as beautiful as any she had ever seen .
karen opened her eyes and quickly plucked a ripe tomato off the plant and bit into it .
chapter 7 pizza sauce , the color of processed tomatoes , stained another white tank top as the night manager of hope faith hotel wiped his hands greedily upon finishing another slice .
he turned a humiliating shade of scarlet and mumbled his way through the piece , provoking brock and his sidekicks ( richard and harry ) to refer to him for weeks afterward as the talking tomato .
my choice was a broiled chicken breast with guacamole and sliced tomatoes on a whole wheat bun or a piece of cardboard - like , in both appearance and taste , cheese pizza .
i did nt even care that my face had to be the color of a tomato , nor that it was an outright lie .
i picked up one of the cherry tomatoes he was cleaning and popped it in my mouth .
i was thinking about making portabella mushroom paninis with balsamic vinaigrette , sliced tomatoes , avocados and provolone cheese .
cucumbers , sprouts , tomatoes , and shredded carrots with a hummus spread .
do nt put any pickles or tomatoes on it .
i scoot into my assigned seat quietly then shift the plate of food slowly around the table below my mouth with my bestest table manners that i can mustard as i look at mama then stare at my thick pile of turkey above the two slices of red tomatoes , a entire bed of green lettuce as the white mayo drips like a leaky faucet down the both sides of the fresh white loaf bread since daddy fixed our lunch today using his college engineering skills like he s building a bridge not feeding a picky teen as i smile lifting the heavy sandwich to my face and ask softly .
he took his hand back and could see that he had tomato sauce on his hand and that it had left a pretty big mess on her nice sweater .
what good can come from finding out how many tomatoes fill the shelf at the local grocer or how high you can fly without wings ?
i hear a familiar and high pitched voice call as a rotten red tomato sails out of the crowd to explode on thomas exposed head .
grilled tomatoes flew through the air like grenades , and people were battling with bacon swords .
i filled a pot with water to cook spaghetti and then poured the tomato sauce and the extra virgin olive oil in a pan .
i set the tomato clock on the table to nine minutes , three fewer than the instructions on the spaghetti pack asked for , and then i gave sara an appraising look .
careful not to burn my fingers again , i checked first that the pans handle was nt hot and then poured the tomato sauce on the pasta before it became a solid block of spaghetti .
i liked sorting tomatoes by color in the little pea patch blessed by the sun and the dark , volcanic soil or staining my fingers with the vivid green bleeding from the cut parsley .
at first i was almost offended by his unfinished statement , but then i understood and finally blushed a nice shade of tomato red .
navigating through the cornstalk tunnels , picking cherry tomatoes , chasing the chickensid spend hours out there , lost in imagination land .
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
i recognise beans and sweet potatoes and tomatoes .
` ` i think i know izzy 's birthday , '' yolanda said with some pride as she passed over a plate with cold roast chicken , potato salad , and freshly picked tomatoes .
the tree was all covered , all covered with moss , and on it grew meatballs , and tomato sauce .
vip order of house burger and fries and bring me the tomato sauce bottle .
sir the tomato sauce bottle ?
yes one of the tomato sauce bottles .
i wipe the tears away just as the waitress from before brings me my food , giant tomato sauce bottle and all .
i hated tomato juice and watching him slam it down made me shudder .
she was an ugly sack of skin , her hair the color of unripe tomatoes , her freckles like some deadly skin disease .
max shrugs and sighs as tammie passes him a tomato , a cucumber , and a green pepper from their grocery bag .
tamsins light golden - brown hair was tied into a knot on top of her head , and tomato sauce was splattered all over her simple undyed smock dress and black boots .
my mistake katie tried her hardest to hide that her face was starting to resemble a shiny tomato .
lucinda always made good sandwiches , but she could never remember that katie hated tomatoes .
he s always telling lucinda you do nt like tomatoes on your sandwiches .
then tell me why i know you hate tomatoes , or that you used to have a gerbil , but you dad ran it over ?
it looked like a very large , firm tomato .
shed feed him some fried green tomatoes and buttermilk biscuits the size of a cats head , or sometimes a fresh cucumber sandwich , and listen to him vent until he d calmed down .
suddenly , the girl turned around with her face as red as a tomato and slapped michael on the cheek while calling him a pervert .
dad was making my favorite food , spaghetti and his famous ( well not really famous ) tomato sauce that i loved .
he dished the spaghetti onto two plates and topped it off with the garlic and basil tomato sauce .
she dragged me all around the backyard , each of us sidestepping over metal cages full of green tomatoes and ducking under potted plants hanging from the trees .
you can have roast beef , mashed potatoes , creamed corn , meat loaf , stewed tomatoes , salad , macaroni and cheese , chicken divan , butternut squash .
coffee , tea , milk , v-8 , tomato or apple juice .
her corn was getting tall , the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well .
her corn was getting tall , the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well .
with arans help , she managed to can a lot of tomatoes , harvest corn and pick a bunch of peas .
a tomato , the boy said .
and as if she picked the best tomatoes for though they were sliced , they were crunchily delicious .
i felt my face reach the color of a tomato .
i m sure my face is as red as a tomato .
i realise what i have blurted out in a moment of insane jealousy , i swear my face looks like a tomato now , thankfully he might not tell through the mud .
mark anderson was famous around these parts for his tomatoes .
i m here dropping off some of my tomatoes .
i grabbed one of the ripe tomatoes and rolled it around in my hand .
as he trotted off to find anthony , i tossed the tomato back into the basket and looked over at katie .
perhaps to ease the tension which would come with their return , and in some way make amends for their disappointment in me , i prepared breakfast for them -they would never eat before mass , they always went to communion- fried up platefuls of bacon , eggs , tomatoes , black pudding .
someone in the crowd yelled out a curse and threw a tomato , forcing the windfollower to duck and return to his wagon , yet he did nt seem angered by the act .
basha growled and glared at the crowd walking in front of them , searching for whoever threw the tomato .
as we sat under a shade , she removed a tiny hot pot from her handbag , and inside was nicely fried rice , with a few potatoes , carrots and tomatoes .
i chopped some onions , tomatoes and lettuce , and shredded some cheddar cheese .
there were nine of them grouped at one end of the table , and besides bread , they were feasting on barbecued chicken , beans , veggie kabobs , and a tomato , corn , and avocado salad .
later that evening , following the scent of tomato sauce and garlic bread , i entered the kitchen .
i wolf down the roast beef sandwich with lettuce and tomato .
lexie got a garden salad with tomatoes , cucumbers , red peppers and balsamic dressing .
on their plates was a gourmet selection of burnt toast , extra - sloppy scrambled eggs , cremated bacon , and a whole raw tomato .
the robin finally finished its meal and flapped off the feeder , dropping its waste on the tomato plant below .
a tomato plant protected by a metal wiring had just begun to sprout , and was fertilized daily by the feeding and digesting birds .
well have potatoes , and carrots , and tomatoes from my green house ; we wo nt starve .
there were also carrots , cabbages and in the green house tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers .
i had already pulled all of the green tomatoes to be made into my favorite fried green tomatoes .
i had already pulled all of the green tomatoes to be made into my favorite fried green tomatoes .
along with the need for more potatoes , tomatoes , lettuce and onions they used in the production of their sandwiches .
i saw where a company in california has developed a tomato that can be picked using a mechanical picker .
i tried to stop her but she did it so fast that i could nt , i must have been red as a tomato right then .
i have a garden out back and grow cabbages and tomatoes and such .
their journey took the small group past small islands of mud raised to cultivate rows of tomatoes and corn for daily harvesting and transport to yangon .
then they could go out for a dinner , enjoying some momo , the steamed dumplings with spicy tomato sauce for which the area around darjeeling was famous .
they live in fucking luxury , but they even ca nt find fresh tomato to eat and clean milk !
they plant tomato , plow the soil , eat almond .
i cut the head of nar and put tomatoes instead of her head , in my imagination , i kick the ass of nechayev , swears at my dead , and look into the eyes of metin , my right hand is free .
there s a tomato sitting on the counter , all ripe and good looking .
whipping open a cupboard door , she stares at tomato sauce cans , dried pasta and rice packages , and more jam .
bored , smokey pads back to her chair , which is now receiving the western sun , while she grabs a can of tomato sauce .
shell have to adulterate with salt - free crushed tomatoes , which means half of the combined sauces will eventually go bad before she thinks to finish it , but she ca nt have that much salt in her food .
i took half a pound of mince from the fridge , fried it with onions and added tomatoes , peppers , paprika and chilli powder .
it was to be a traditional english breakfast with bacon , eggs , sausages , mushrooms , tomatoes and baked beans .
a sprawling mission - style hacienda sat imposingly in the distance easily twenty - thousand feet of interior space built on a bluff overlooking a river which burbled softly below it as it carried fresh water from the mountains , so vital for the irrigation of the regions crops , which were mainly tomatoes and marijuana .
does that mean he decided to disappear and bang a fifteen year old for a few days , or does that mean he s mulch in a tomato field ?
how about fried green tomatoes instead of the fries ?
sarah appeared holding two platters with tenderloin sandwiches , steak fries , fried green tomatoes , ranch dressing and salads .
she snagged a couple of fried green tomatoes , and covered them with ranch dressing .
the waitress returned and michael ordered fried green tomatoes and crab cakes for appetizers .
fried green tomatoes , huh ?
that he remembered how much she liked fried green tomatoes touched her heart .
anne lifted a fried green tomato with her fork and placed it on michaels plate .
oh , my god , these fried green tomatoes are heaven .
he mixed it with cow manure and fertilized his tomatoes .
` ` i 'd like to see how the tomatoes turn out . ''
after carla places a bag of broccoli in her cart , she turns around and scopes out the tomatoes in the middle of the produce section .
carla picks up a carton of cherry tomatoes , places it in her cart and moves on , heading toward the canned food aisle .
taking carlas spot at the tomato stash , i fixate on three more cans of the generic spaghetti - os and let them slowly fall into her cart .
we are in the payson greenhouse , where the night smells like soil and tomatoes and flowers in full bloom .
otto reached over the small kitchen table and helped himself to more of janes special scrambled eggs , with potato wedges and tomatoes in .
they were carrying small plates of appetizers for everybody.on those plates , were the most delicious looking appetizers anyone had ever seen.there was a small thin piece of baguette bread on the bottom.then a smooth and creamy looking white cheese sat on top of the bread , and to top it all off a small pile of chopped red tomatoes with seasonings resting on top !
this was moroccan comfort food ; a rich and hearty soup made with lentils , chickpeas , tomatoes , pasta , cilantro and a mlange of spices .
he was taught how to flip meat patties and add cheese , lettuce , tomatoes and pickles to a vile smelling hamburger and operate a milkshake machine .
they had stopped on the way home and bought the shop out of fresh free - range eggs , 20 packs of bacon , a large bag of tomatoes , and a dozen big bottles of normal and spicy bloody mary mix .
above the chest freezer was another shelf stocked with several large commercial cans of baked beans , corn , a few five - pound cans of skinned tomatoes , and smaller cans of other greens .
tiny drops of water sparkled on the plump red and orange tomatoes .
tuna and tomato .
i got some tomato soup and warmed it up in the kitchen while sara took a bath .
` ` well , i do make a scrumptious tomato soup - ` ` ernest and miss foster both looked at her until she conceded .
he had nt honed the blade in decades , but still he knew the edge would be sharp enough to slice a ripe tomato without tearing the skin .
its a budweiser with tomato juice in it , he said .
eyes squinting tighter , face as red as a roma tomato , she chewed .
ernie and i enjoyed an uninterrupted lunch , our only challenge being not to drip any tomato sauce on our tennis whites .
edward brought us a capresi salad , slices of fresh mozzarella alternated with juicy beefsteak tomato slices .
i decided on a pastrami sandwich stacked high with lettuce tomatoes and pickles .
lily handed him her salad bowl and then took it back full of lettuce , tomato slices scallions , peppers , celery and cucumbers .
she grows some amazing tomatoes .
sure enough , there was a massive bowl of ripe , red tomatoes sitting next to a pile of crisp cucumbers .
then he selected some tomatoes and a cucumber and went to work .
he finished slicing the tomatoes , then opened the fridge and fished out a couple of brown bottles of the local beer .
a childs crib stood at one end , drafted into service as a container garden and densely overgrown with baby banana trees , mint , and tomato plants in bloom .
everything tasted very fresh the tomatoes , the peppers , and whatever kind of fancy cheese he used .
squeezing the tomatoes , shaking the melons , sniffing the flowers .
verna had taken care of his cat during his stay at the center , griping the whole time about the black hairs boo left everywhere and the tomato plants he had dug up at her house .
we will not stand such allegations , both delegates began to resemble ripened tomatoes in colour .
mmmhhiii ( no , is it tomato you do n't see him / it ?
the bouquet of tomato and meat sauce was twirling through the air as the pasta was just beginning to boil .
an affable old couple , betty was a big fan of college basketball while earl wore overalls and liked to work in his garden , where he babied his tomato plants and grew them more than ten feet tall .
with her mouth hanging open , she picked up a tomato that was half rotten .
after purchasing an eclectic bunch of items from the street hawkers shoe polish , plantains , yams , spinach leaves , tomatoes , a gallon of oil , a table cloth and mosquito coils to fill the backseat of the suv , she stretched her ample frame , tall and fit for someone her age at the backseat and sipped the juices from the fresh coconut that they d purchased earlier at kokompe junction .
do you have any crusty rolls , and some cheddar and tomatoes ?
fresh rolls every morning , miss , and i ve this delicious crumbly cheddar , not too strong , and locally grown tomatoes .
she set about preparing a huge breakfast of eggs , bacon , sausages and fried tomatoes , with piles of toast and homemade jam .
green as a fucking ripe tomato .
she starts dosing the garden with the pesticide , spraying the leaves of the tomato plants before moving to the asparagus plants and onwards to a few poplar trees that are in the garden for decoration .
after a hearty breakfast of eggs , cheese on toast , tomatoes and coffee greg feels ready to get to work .
actual produce that was even remotely healthy , ranging from as lettuce , tomatoes , salads , carrots , cauliflower , chick - peas , potatoes , and any kind of fruit was at point zero in all the west coast states .
the world famous rooftop garden atop the rockefeller center has begun hosting tomato plants , with plans to add lettuce and apples in the near future .
vegetables such as celery and rhubarbs , a fruit , are much more hardy than say wheat or tomatoes .
marinara in that region is not a seafood dish , instead it is a simple tomato base with garlic and oregano added the inspector with a smile .
after a lovely dinner that started with a plate of radicchio risotto , followed by quails cooked in a delicious red tomato sauce and accompanied by polenta , beppe and simon excused themselves with a short black coffee in hand and relocated to the study .
he prepared poached eggs on toast , pan - fried mushrooms , cooked tomatoes , continental sausages , and freshly squeezed mango juice .
after a while he went to the kitchen and turned up some canned crushed tomatoes in the kitchen .
chopped onion , crushed garlic , mixed with chili and cream in a pan and sizzled up with the tomatoes .
losing her temper over not being able to open a can of crushed tomatoes .
the trucker turned as red as the tinned tomatoes on his plate .
two lincolnshire sausages , bacon , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans , mushrooms , couple of hash browns and hot toast , the butter melting into it .
when they came home they always cooked tomato sauce .
silence and tomato sauce .
the white mountains , dr . strangelove and the tomato sauce pressed on .
there was ground , seasoned beef , refried beans , two kinds of shredded cheese , black olive slices , lettuce , onions , diced tomatoes , salsa and sour cream .
i m sure they ll be glad to see you coming once they ve tasted some of your specialties , like texas chili , homemade soups in tortilla bowls , baby back ribs bathed in barbecue sauce , and fried green tomatoes with bacon .
her stupefied wonder was quickly railroaded by the realization that angry jonny had spread the blood all over the face of this nameless , middle aged man ; nearly invisible streaks leading outwards from an unhinged mouth , lips like rotting tomatoes .
oconnell stares down at the golden piece of chicken , smothered in a rich tomato salsa , garnished with wilted coriander .
he sipped his tomato juice .
in the back , she filled up on pickled artichoke hearts , chilled asparagus , sun dried tomatoes in olive oil and crackers .
she asked , pulling out the cans of tomato sauce and herbs .
then she went into the kitchen and made a large salad with spinach , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms and tuna .
the waiter put some romaine lettuce on a large salad plate , looked at gloria and said , tomato wedges ?
yes , said gloria and the waiter tossed the tomato wedges in with the lettuce .
she sighed , ` ` we have cheese and tomato , cheese and onion , '' she paused for a second to spit out her chewing gum into the bin towards the floor , or at least i hope there was a bin there , as i could n't see .
` ` that 's cheese without tomato or onion . ''
it was not curling , or stale , but you know what it is like when you bite into a warm cheese and tomato sandwich .
harvey wall could make out a banana , a cucumber , an orange and a tomato .
when the breakfast arrived eggs , bacon , sausages , beans , fried bread and even a tomato foxy sat watching the soldier plough through it .
there was milk , cheese , bread , and two tomatoes .
not one conversation was complete before another was thrust upon him , as was more drink and oddly , a plate of sausage rolls and a tomato .
chris , sensing his grandfather 's delicate frame of mind prepared it himself , could manage tinned tuna sandwiches with a sliced tomato on the side .
she replied through a mouthful of cherry tomato .
not exactly sure how much time had passed , i estimated it would normally take a good fifteen minutes to properly eat four cans of spam , a jar of pickled tomatoes ( could be onions ) , three candy bars , a packet of dry gravy washed down with a pull - top can of chicken broth and now most the supply of cherries .
this time , their bullets hit him head on and opened him inside out like a shotgunned can of tomato sauce .
gladys arrived with a whole pot of steaming coffee and bacon rolls for both of them , complete with mustard and tomato sauce .
large groves of oranges , peaches , garlic , and tomatoes spread across vast farms .
i pull a salad from the fridge : greens , carrots , tomatoes , quinoa , and chicken .
the kitchen is spotless , save for two dishes in the sink , which i deduce once held grilled cheese and tomato soup .
maybe she wanted her fried green tomatoes dvd back .
henry sauntered in a few minutes later and grabbed a couple of cherry tomatoes , popping them into his mouth .
grabbing a menu as per local custom raine walked up to the counter , looked it over quickly and ordered the whirlwind , the perfect meal for the individual on the go as the type written menu label suggested ; two biscuits , sliced sandwich style and filled with scrambled eggs , ham , cheese and tomatoes with a large coffee .
also in the bag were some grilled pita bread , a tomato salad and some cheesecake .
the shadow was red , the color of a peeled tomato .
somehow it seemed appropriate to longworry that this man be taken down by someone in a well - tailored suit , and that s what happened : a shot right in the gut , not a pretty place for it and he had been aiming higher - he wondered if the bullet had been following his train of thought regarding those sausages - or maybe that tomato sauce stain on the singlet had formed the shape of a target .
with baby tomatoes picked out of the garden .
a smiling stewardess brought him a tray with fresh coffee , orange juice and what did its best to look like freshly made scrambled eggs with bacon and tomatoes .
ashe remembered when the garden was full of growing vegetables , like tomatoes and onions .
she exchanged her bacon for one of his tomatoes .
the kitchen smelled of fresh vegetables ; dozens of onions and tomatoes lay on the table .
how about if i help you wash all these onions and tomatoes left here on the table , put them in that grocery bag on the counter and take them home with me to get them out of your way .
boy , i hope you ' ve been working hard on tomorrow 's sermon , because if i give you all those onions and tomatoes , i expect you to knock my socks off with your message .
my bag of onions and tomatoes .
he returned with a grocery bag filled with onions and tomatoes .
one ham , cheese and tomato ; one ham , cheese and pineapple ; one silver jug of coffee and a hot calamansi juice .
corinna entered the room and brought a breakfast tray of hard - boiled eggs , baked tomatoes , toast and tea and left it on the large table that was centered in the room , thank you , said veronica as corinna bowed slightly and shut the door behind her .
it was overflowing with spaghetti , tomato sauce , and four giant meatballs .
i would like two eggs , over hard , sourdough toast , with sliced tomatoes .
were you afraid he d hit us with the pasta or the tomatoes ?
fortunately , paul 's fridge was full of fresh lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , and mushrooms .
the air was cool and the smell of melted cheese , rising crust , and tomato sauce overwhelmed my senses .
the smell of cheese and tomatoes and dough lingered in the air .
he returned with a tomato the size of a grapefruit .
van held the thing in both hands and sunk his teeth into the tomato .
now that is a tomato !
that one bite was the equivalent of a dozen store bought tomatoes .
by the way , i do nt use tomatoes in the formula .
while you re gone i want the rest of that tomato .
there s some quartered tomatoes , cottage cheese , lettuce , tuna salad , blackberries , brie , and some crackers .
joshua noticed tracy was smiling while slicing tomatoes .
cured meats of all types , huge grilled prawns , fresh olives , sliced tomatoes drizzled in olive oil and balsamic vinegar .
tomatoes , peppers , cucumbers and the prerequisite melon varieties are among the crops on file , in neatly cultivated row after row after row .
a waiter in a white suit passed with a round silver platter heaped with ice and shrimp and spicy tomato sauce in crystal dishes .
set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears , peaches , blackberries , tomatoes , okra , corn , squash , peas and beans , colors muted by the blue glass of mason jars .
if it grew from the dirt you could jar it , providing it was n't poisonous , and really it had n't been all that long since tomatoes were considered poisonous .
they watched the walls melt away and the fire shine on the dresser mirror and eat up the bed bernice had given to tommy and dynamite the tomatoes and beans and blackberries she had put up in jars that summer .
staked tents of burlap cooped over the tomato hills in the garden , a few still red and green , but the twined vines of the butterbeans were withy , the brown seed pods too swollen and soppy to rattle in the breeze .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
soon to be cozy after all chores were done , after the women had put up tomatoes , peas , peaches and pears for the winter , fodder , hay and corn set aside for the cattle , hogs and chickens , cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one .
the one time he d yelled loud enough to be heard all the way to the street , loops of bowel had squirmed against his hands , feeling like a pile of moms slippery - slick homemade sausage all gray from boiling and coated with her tomato sauce .
there was a medley of grilled vegetables : mushrooms , baby tomatoes , green peppers , red peppers , and onions , surrounding a steaming filet of salmon .
` ` you told them to hold the tomatoes , right ? ''
` ` how could i possibly forget the last time the waiter messed up and left a tomato on your plate ?
that was when alex and monica noticed the seductive aroma of something with garlic , tomatoes and some delectable spices .
other front page stories included articles about a local girl competing for the miss mississippi title , storm damage to an antebellum mansion , a local tomato festival , and an analysis piece about inequities in the proposed county budget .
finding last night 's uneaten hamburger still on the counter , he scraped the wilted lettuce and tomato into the sink , and microwaved the sandwich for breakfast .
the huevos rancheros she served him gave him the sensation of having a scuttle of hot coals poured into his mouth , but the blend of tomatoes , spices , peppers and cheese that she added to the egg concoction was irresistible .
there was no one in a gym working out his nose and this one seemed to be packed with tomato sauce .
her face showed that she was insulted , so i added , you re a good looking tomato .
it was , in fact , the only thing he could remember when he woke up in the middle of a tomato garden behind a two story brick house .
he 'd crushed seven or eight tomatoes under his half - nude body .
spilled tomato sauce here , a pool of mustard swimming with pieces of foam from a destroyed beer cooler .
the eggs , bacon , sausage , beans and fried tomatoes were already lying heavily .
this year , man , watch me and bam u dance a jig on your tomato plants , hawk chuckles with cody .
while kim makes lunch for themcanned tomatoes and rice and fried spamshelton sits at the square table , one side butted up to a wall , and tries to make casual conversation about anything except their missing families , while keeping that edge of sarcasm out of his voice .
the mixed canned tomatoes and rice are tangy and filling .
bring me some tomato juice and two poached eggs .
rebecca sipped the tomato juice and ate one of the poached eggs .
she bit into a cherry tomato and made a face .
ohthere is one more thing , miss cox , he added , red patches the size of cherry tomatoes blossoming on his cheeks .
ill have tomato salad and olive toasts , she said to the waiter .
i weekly went into the kitchen and ate a can of stewed tomatoes .
the tomatoes lightly touched my ragging appetite .
two rounds of everything and a large plate of bacon , eggs , fried bread , tomatoes and mushrooms .
wow , baked beans in tomato sauce .
but tomatoes and beans .
i added lots of tomato sauce , pepper , chili sauce and then the pie was good to go .
taking tomato juice and ice from the refrigerator , she found a glass and mixed in a dollop of vodka .
in order : four aspirin , a large glass of tomato juice , a hot shower , a frustrating search through his dwindling wardrobe , a long walk to the restaurant .
bobby ordered straight tomato juice .
in the far right corner , a garden of tomato and cantaloupe plants was growing .
salty , marinated red tomatoes were quite good .
arcadio had brought them a cooler packed with langostino salad on soft rolls , and sliced and salted cucumbers with grape tomatoes from cameroon , and sliced papaya drizzled with lime .
those bastards are even going after the tomatoes .
table after table bore heaps of groundnuts , stacks of tomatoes .
here look at these tomatoes .
his hand caressed the broad leaves of a tomato vine with a stalk as thick as his wrist .
you wo nt find local tomatoes or even maize in the market in malabo .
the code phrase is : brandywine tomato .
his face turned as bright as a tomato , while he irately yelled ` ` audrey what 's with this bill ? ''
her tomatoes perked up .
indian tomatoes , vidalia onions , red - skin potatoes , green and red bell peppers , ears of corn .
they did not eat butter beans , snap beans , squash , eggplant , or turnips , but preferred tomatoes , onions , potatoes , peppers , and corn .
` ` the tomatoes and corn are especially good this year , '' my mother was saying .
my mother 's garden was producing enough tomatoes and onions to feed all of black oak , so she sliced a platter of them for every meal .
my mother kept to the sink , where she peeled tomatoes and stacked the dirty dishes .
she had a basket , too , and she slowly filled it with tomatoes , cucumbers , squash , peppers , onions , and eggplant .
he flipped it , and when it was brown on one side , he added a thin layer of salsa - finely chopped tomatoes and onions and peppers , all from our garden .
as we watched , she covered it with potatoes and gravy , sliced tomatoes and cucumbers , two biscuits that she carefully buttered , and a thigh and a breast .
even the poorest of the sharecroppers managed to grow tomatoes and cucumbers .
under the strict supervision of my mother , i began picking tomatoes , cucumbers , peas , butter beans , corn - almost everything in the garden .
` ` get that small red tomato there , luke , to your right , '' she said .
she was at the kitchen sink , slicing a tomato .
pappy and i would get leftovers for supper , in addition to the usual platter of cucumbers and tomatoes .
other than wet cotton , there was surprisingly little damage - several scattered tree branches , the usual washed - out gullies , and some ripped - up tomato plants in the garden .
we made a quick pass through the garden , gathering just the essentials - tomatoes , cucumbers , and two red peppers that caught her eye .
my mother decided she would ` ` put up , '' or can , some tomatoes .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
my job was to peel tomatoes .
i stood at the kitchen sink with a sharp paring knife , and when i cut the first tomato i thought of hank on the bridge .
we washed the corn , cucumbers , tomatoes , okra , and greens in the kitchen sink , then she carefully arranged it all in a cardboard box .
she made corn bread and warmed up leftovers while i peeled and sliced tomatoes .
there were a few tomatoes left , but not many .
gran was helping my mother pick the last of the tomatoes .
eggs , sausage , ham , grits , fried potatoes , baked tomatoes , and biscuits .
the square was coming to life as pickups full of fruits and vegetables parked next to the sidewalk around the courthouse lawn , and the old farmers in faded overalls neatly arranged the small baskets of tomatoes and cucumbers and squash on the tailgates and hoods .
she removed the onions and tomatoes from her claudeburger , and offered him the french fries .
blue and white free carl lee placards were tacked on tomato stakes and stuck in the ground like neat fencerows .
sallie fried pork chops and green tomatoes , and served them on the porch .
they ordered salad with light dressing and pasta with tomato sauce , no meat , no wine , no bread .
they picked through the lettuce and played with the tomatoes , but neither had much of an appetite .
small salads with tomatoes arrived , and the conversation returned to football and playing in america .
maddalena served salads of spinach and tomato , then small portions of a baked cod dish that would never be found in a cookbook from emilia - romagna .
he wiped his mouth on a napkin already streaked with tomato sauce , belched sonorously and said : ` ` santos is never wrong about these things .
she shuffled paper and sent consignments around the world pretty much like her contemporaries back home , except her consignments were guns and shells instead of tomatoes or shoes or automobiles .
lamb cutlets with tomatoes , and sausage and potato salad and pickles .
in his hand he held his beret , which was bulging with tomatoes , grapes , and apples .
handing jaime the ingredients he asked for , they watched as he prepared a piperade of fresh roasted green peppers , sliced white onions , tomatoes , eggs , and ham sauteed together .
jaime cut chicken into strips , sprinkled salt and pepper over them , and browned them in hot oil while in a separate pan he started to cook onions , garlic , and tomatoes .
the meal began with gazpacho - the thick cold soup made from tomatoes , cucumbers , and water - soaked bread - followed by a salad of fresh greens , a huge dish of paella - rice , shrimp , chicken , and vegetables in a wonderful sauce - and ended with a delicious flan .
miss evans will have a bacon , lettuce , and tomato sandwich . ''
paul returned , handed him the paper , then said to the children , ` ` did you drown the tomatoes ? ''
ramona was boiling water and dicing a tomato .
he had eggs benedict and tomato juice , and was thoroughly entertained by the rowdy crowd .
in the darkness of the plane , lake sipped tomato juice and decided to write a final letter to ricky .
i thought he 'd spend his golden years growing tomatoes and fishing for bream . ''
her seldom used apron was covered with tomato sauce .
terraced vegetable beds loaded with tomatoes stood hearty .
on one of the tables lay a tray of sand - brown loaves and bowls of tomatoes , onions , and oil .
the harvest season had begunccabbage , beets , bok choy , tomatoes , as well as the usual rice and chili peppers .
caston not only looked bland , he ate bland : his unvarying lunch was a soft - cooked egg and lightly toasted white bread , washed down by a glass of tomato juice , with a swig of maalox on the side .
once , when he had asked adrian to fetch him his lunch , adrian had brought him a v8 instead of plain tomato juice and caston had looked betrayed .
the tomato had a raw and bloody look .
the dci tucked into his salad , looked at the resulting piece of glistening tomato impaled on the tines of his fork .
the three men had ordered the dish after which the restaurant was named : sheets of pasta , filled with scallions , drenched in a savory meat - infused tomato sauce , the whole crowned by rich middle eastern yogurt in which flowered tiny bits of mint .
yes , okay , i 'd like a salad with tomatoes and a half portion of lasagna .
he stuffed a large wedge of tomato in his mouth and chomped on it while peering around the trattoria to see if anyone was eavesdropping on their hushed conversation in english .
jl he honorable j. roy foltrigg , united states attorney for the southern district of louisiana at new orleans , and a republican , sipped properly from a can of tomato juice and stretched his legs in the rear of his customized chevrolet van as it raced smoothly along the expressway .
foltrigg pondered these things and sipped his tomato juice .
foltrigg finished his tomato juice and tossed the can in the garbage .
` ` it 's a surprise , '' she said , opening the oven and releasing a thick aroma of meat and cheese and tomatoes .
he crawled to it , and picked out three rocks with all the fussiness of a chef selecting tomatoes at the market .
fried ripe tomatoes , fried green tomatoes , fried eggplant , fried okra , fried squash , fried anything and everything .
fried ripe tomatoes , fried green tomatoes , fried eggplant , fried okra , fried squash , fried anything and everything .
she fried bacon , sliced tomatoes , cooked linguine and poured another glass of wine .
the cold quiche was all alone on a bed of lettuce with a sickly tomato wedge .
the din was surprisingly loud : there were the noises of meat sizzling in oil , of fluids boiling , of knives rapidly chopping onions and tomatoes , of veal cutlets being pounded , dishes being washed .
the downtown diner , at main and pemberton streets , served eggs and home fries and coffee all day , and if you ordered all three , you got a free tomato or orange juice on the side , though it arrived in something little bigger than a shot glass .
she was taught to batter and fry everything , from tomatoes to pickles , and she had come to realize that this was not altogether healthy .
there was a platter of small red tomatoes covered with pepper and olive oil .
she apologized because the tomatoes were store bought ; hers were still on the vine and would n't be ready until summertime .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she looked for insects , killed a nasty green worm on a tomato vine , searched for weeds , made mental notes about future chores for esau .
` ` good for beans but my tomatoes and melons need some sunshine . ''
` ` my tomatoes will be ready shortly . ''
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
for several minutes the two men ate rapidly - feasting on eggs cooked with slices of chorizo sausage , black beans , and spicy pico de gallo , a salsa made with red and green chilies , tomatoes , onions , cilantro , and small dollops of sour cream .
they also injected tomatoes , squash , plums , and their most - favorite , punctured grapes left soaking for a few days . ''
the moon peeked out , spreading a silver glow across fields of newly planted strawberries , tomatoes , sugar beets , and wheat , as randi leaned forward , resting her forearms on the back of the seat .
inside , the warm air reeked with a scent of boiled tomatoes and a lingering cigar .
his was a pan - fried red mullet in oil and tomatoes , hers a young chicken in wine sauce , sprinkled with cheese .
while eating a tomato sandwich in the kitchen , alone , lance saw something move in the rear yard , near the pool .
he wore sunglasses , and was holding what appeared to be a tomato .
on the other side of it , a table was covered with celery , carrots , onions , tomatoes , and whole chickens .
she fixed tomato soup and tucked me into the sofa .
` ` canned tomato soup made with condensed milk , and canned pineapple for dessert .
he finished the last of his tomato bisque soup .
ninety - five copenhagen saturday , june 6 7:45 p.m. malone sat on the second floor of the cafe norden and enjoyed more of the tomato bisque soup .
it was like half - expecting a rotten tomato to be thrown at me one day and getting a nuclear missile instead .
and had he almost reached across the tomato soup and toasted - cheese sandwiches and clouted his son ?
the damn thing feels about the size of a ripe tomato and just as ready to burst .
i was surprised that the crimes were so exciting to him , until he said after he 'd swallowed a mouthful of tomato , ` ` you know , roe , writing about crime does n't mean you have direct experience .
but it was only an old grocery list : eggs , nutmeg , tomatoes , butter ...
i could not imagine in a million years my mother allowing someone to dig up her carefully groomed backyard to plant tomatoes .
next to me were onions and tomatoes and a chopping board .
i started on the tomatoes .
i had made a homemade pizza using two boboli crusts , a half dozen vegetables , sundried tomatoes , tomato sauce mixed with olive oil and fresh garlic .
then i watched with pleasure as my main course - mostaccioli , sun - dried tomatoes , capers , and seared bay scallops - was placed before me .
the scallops had taken on the flavor of the sweet tomatoes , and as one melted across my tongue , a grain of sand crunched between my molars .
the bed of shredded fried potatoes is covered in melted cheese , onions , chunks of hickory - smoked ham , bert 's chili , diced tomatoes , and slices of jalapeno peppers .
andrew made dinner while she rocked max to sleep , the cabin filling with the incense of tomatoes and garlic and boiling pasta .
a can of diced tomatoes .
jack finished off the bowl of rice and tomatoes .
` ` i like this better than the tomatoes and rice , '' cole said .
a stream of hissing water shot from the celica as i stood unsteadily , a tomato paste combination of rain and blood streaming down my face .
i hear billyclub 's skull looked like a tomato blown apart by dynamite .
yes , thomas coughlin , had once told danny , eddie 's cellar was barely able to hold its fill of coal , and yes , his yard could support a tomato plant , a basil plant , and possibly a small rosebush but certainly none of the tools needed to tend them .
his carrots and parsnips and tomatoes - all still green as grass - lay on the porch , their roots splayed like hair across the dirt and wood .
his right eye drooped from a failed hit on him back in ' 29 and his hands were large and looked like they could squeeze a skull until it popped like a tomato .
they were passing a pizza joint halfway back when the door opened and a waft of cooking pepperoni and tomato sauce struck her nose and started her stomach growling .
he set them on the counter and went back for an onion and tomato as he said , ` ` well , he told us pretty much what armand said , but with a little more detail . ''
` ` yes , but it was n't really enough to figure out if her death was murder or accidental , '' eshe said , watching him pull plates from the cupboard and begin slicing the tomatoes and onions .
she turned to retrieve one of the two bacon , lettuce and tomato sandwiches next , and then offered him that as well , saying , ` ` you must be exhausted . ''
the saran wrap covering the dish had swollen like a balloon and now had tomato sauce splashed inside as if the sauce were boiling and bubbling , though it did n't appear to be .
` ` gratin dauphinois and basque chicken , '' she saidafter a moment , and then explained , ` ` basically cheesy potatoes and chicken cooked with ham , peppers , tomatoes , and garlic . ''
carbolic soap , vinegar , and tomato juice . ''
` ` i have some vinegar , but she 'll need more than i have , and i do n't have any tomato juice at all .
chapter thirteen drina closed the bathroom door behind her with a kick of her heel , set the bags of soap , tomato juice , and vinegar on the bathroom counter , and then turned to the tub , only to pause with a frown .
the tomato juice or- ? ''
` ` pour the tomato juice all over your body and wash yourself with it as well , scrubbing again . ''
after that it 's wash with soap and water again , probably to remove the tomato juice . ''
he again used his hands to direct the tomato juice around , this time paying special attention to her behind .
she soaked it in the tomato juice in the tub and began to scrub herself as her nerve endings slowly began to calm .
` ` the tomato juice and stuff must have worked .
i can actually smell the tomato juice now , and i have n't been able to smell anything for hours , '' drina said .
it 's tomatoes , lettuce , onions , radishes , green peppers , cucumber , cheese , mayo , italian dressing , and ham or whatever .
carolyn was pretty sure her blush was darkening , and she probably resembled a tomato with legs as she hurried forward , but much to her relief , gia stepped aside and the men backed away to make room for her to leave .
the list went eggs , bread , bacon , potatoes , butter , steak , tomatoes , and so on .
anders had meant that to be reassuring , but valerie 's blush went from a becoming rosy color to the red of a tomato and her wide eyes shot to lucian with embarrassment .
jake stilled , one hand on a can of tomatoes , and the other tightening on the phone pressed to his ear .
releasing the tomatoes , he turned toward his cart demanding , ` ` what do you mean there was an incident ?
pulling out his phone , he searched his contacts and pushed a button , then placed the phone to his ear and listened to it ring as he tossed the canned tomatoes he still held into the cart .
jake groaned into her mouth , then slowly disentangled himself and crawled off the bed , saying , ` ` i 'll make you grilled cheese and tomato soup ... and ginger ale and orange juice . ''
and did he like his tomato soup made with water or milk ?
it hit the floor with a loud clang , sending tomato soup flying in every direction .
and he guessed he was n't feeding her tomato soup and grilled cheese .
eggs , bacon , baked beans , sausages , fried tomatoes , mushrooms , black pudding , hash browns , and a fried slice , '' the man rattled off .
alexia ate an apple , two rol s of crunchy bread spread with some kind of tomato sauce , and three hard - boiled eggs dipped in more of the green stuff that had so delighted her the day before .
i was n't quite sure what they needed so many rooms for , maybe it just came with the spread , but there were two libraries , three offices , more bathrooms than i could count , a laundry room with the single largest washer and dryer i 'd ever seen , an indoor greenhouse that smelled wonderfully of ripening tomatoes and made me damp with sweat before we left the room , a formal dining room that put the area by the kitchen to shame , and an informal lounging area with televisions , board games , a plethora of movies , including a slew of modern and classic vampire movies , which i found pretty amusing .
she ended up behind the rubber tree , where a small door let out onto a balcony covered in large pots of rhubarb and tomatoes , alongside foxgloves and rhododendrons .
sophronia brushed through , mindful that tomato leaves would deposit telltale yellow streaks on her dress .
it was cheese and tomato .
claudine was making little clicking noises with her tongue and clearing away the tomato juice .
if he 'd offered me country - fried steak and fried green tomatoes , i would ' ve said i was n't hungry .
i had n't had a bacon sandwich in ages , and terry bellefleur had brought me some early fresh tomatoes .
this time i sliced some fresh tomato and put it on a little plate , and he piled every single bit on the sandwich and still managed to eat it neatly .
` ` go stuff a tomato , francis , '' i said softly .
humans would boycott any store that sold tomatoes - even though the t-4 angel variety was long extinct - so the only place you could get them was a specialty shop where it would n't matter if half the world 's population refused to cross your threshold .
my thoughts went back to table 6.1 , with its too helpful diagrams , and i shuddered , disguising it in my reach for the tomato .
i sent the knife through the tomato to make little red squares .
my eyes went to the tomato on the windowsill and i bit my lower lip , hoping nick had n't seen it yet .
most humans would n't touch a tomato with a gloved hand .
i froze as i saw that the tomato was back on the windowsill .
his eyes went to the tomato on the sill .
his eyes were fixed on the tomato , steam billowing around him as he rinsed the macaroni .
his eyes still on the tomato , nick dumped the sauce over the pasta .
he stirred it in , and i watched nick watch the tomato .
exasperated with humanity 's groundless revulsion of tomatoes , i closed the fridge and hobbled to the window .
it would have been better in a tomato sauce .
` ` they 're tomatoes . ''
he hides the drugs in tomatoes so the custom dogs ca n't smell them . ''
` ` tomatoes ? ''
` ` he ships them out in tomatoes ? ''
perfect red tomatoes with green stems stared back at me from their cardboard packing tray .
looking like he was going to be sick , edden stretched to pick a tomato up , examining the red fruit .
heart pounding , i took the tomato in one hand and squeezed .
it was only a tomato , but one would think i was pulping a decaying heart by the noise the big , strong fib officers were making .
my eyes met edden 's and i wiped my hand free of the last of the tomato on a scratchy napkin .
` ` and the - uh - tomatoes , captain ? ''
and by the time i get a warrant , kalamack 's tomato fields will be plowed under .
midnight jazz goes very well with crickets , i thought as i sprinkled the chopped tomato on the tossed salad .
even humans ate tomatoes then . ''
` ` they did have tomatoes back then , right ? ''
i pulled my backstage passes out and clipped them to the fridge with a tomato magnet .
` ` tomato , tomatto , '' i said , leaning back when maggie set a crock of butter and a pitcher of steaming syrup on the table and walked away .
after a second 's hesitation , myrnin grabbed it , brought it to his mouth , and bit down so hard , blood squirted over his face , the way a really juicy tomato would .
it 's just tomato juice .
` ` these are better made from tomato juice , '' i said , and nick blanched .
i pulled the heavy wooden door open , slipped inside and breathed deeply , relishing the scent of tomato paste and bacon .
steam billowed up , the rising scent of tomato making the wisps of my hair drift .
the odor of tomato sauce and pepperoni billowed out , the scent of security and contentment .
i 'll get you a jar of belly - buster jalapeandntilde ; o that will knock your socks off if rachel wo n't pimp tomatoes to you anymore . ''
though glenn 's stiff neck said he was uncomfortable bartering law - enforcement tools for ketchup , i thought it funny that the stoic , straitlaced human was too embarrassed to walk into a store that sold tomatoes .
it was probably the only chain restaurant serving a tomato - based food that had survived the turn and the tomato boycott that half the world 's surviving population had adopted .
it was probably the only chain restaurant serving a tomato - based food that had survived the turn and the tomato boycott that half the world 's surviving population had adopted .
after a moment trent said slyly , ` ` it would really grill ellasbeth 's tomatoes if she was forced to make you one of her bridesmaids . ''
bothered , i turned off the light and headed into the kitchen , scooping up the two bags of tomato stuff for glenn that i had left in the hall .
i strode into the pantry , coming out with the gallon jar of super - duper belly - buster hot jalapeandntilde ; o salsa and the big red tomato i had gotten him as a surprise .
pulse fast , i headed for the hall , a gallon of salsa on my hip , a tomato in my hand , and a pixy on my shoulder .
it was n't my threat of withholding it but that i 'd make public he liked tomatoes .
i could smell the odor of dough rising for pizza , and the tang of tomatoes .
my eyes went to the fridge and the empty tomato magnet .
to my left was that jar of jalapeandntilde ; o salsa and a tomato for glenn .
checking to see if i 'd marred my nails , i slid the jar into my arms and picked up the tomato .
tense , i took my shades off and set the tomato down beside the sauce .
there was flour everywhere and tons of broken eggs and squashed tomatoes and jelly and milk and crushed cookies and all of brenda 's packets of choco - drop krackles tipped out every where .
they were stuck in the jelly , floating in the squashed tomatoes , and sprinkled all over the runny egg .
so we had to leave it covered with squirts of tomato juice , splats of egg , and s tr awb e r r y jelly .
nobody jumped her while she was picking out lettuce and tomatoes , or while she was in line for checkout .
as i picked the snarls out of my hair while waiting for the water to warm , my eyes fell upon the three tomatoes ripening upon the sill .
and while tomatoes were n't illegal anymore , it was in bad taste to have them on display when one had a human guest .
the scent of tomato paste and blood drifted to me .
` ` it 's got tomatoes on it ! ''
the smell of cheese was strong , but not enough to hide the odor of spice and tomatoes .
there was just enough tomato sauce to carry the cheese .
` ` it has tomatoes on it , '' he said , and my lips pursed .
` ` now , '' he said as glenn lifted the cheese to look at the tomato sauce under it .
piscary eyed glenn , his brow furrowed as if not sure whether to be insulted or pleased as the man ate the pizza , now nothing more than bread and tomato sauce .
do you know how hard it is to get tomato sauce out of silk ?
tomatoes , corn syrup , vinegar , salt ... '' i hesitated , frowning .
` ` but why would genevieve want to kill the- '' alexia was cut off midquestion as formerly lefoux burst apart , like a rotten tomato thrown against a tree .
chapter 30 back at the hut , i used my magic to whip up some tomato soup and hot tea .
i took a sip of the red slush , which tasted like tomato juice .
french bread , garlic and spices , tomato sauce , and cheese wafted from across the room .
glancing down in the direction of the stove , he saw some tomatoes .
her cheeks could have been two freshly - picked cherry tomatoes .
` ` rotten tomatoes gave it a better review . ''
after i changed into something not smeared with tomato sauce , obviously .
her green tee - shirt was splattered with tomato sauce .
it was too dark for me to easily pretend it was tomato soup , especially with a plate filled with an actual tomato sauce next to it .
as before , it was like no grin she had ever seen , a slashed unnatural opening full of perfect square white teeth , splitting across his head as a tomato will split when it is dropped into boiling water .
ivy ordered a burger , and olivia asked for a greek salad with extra tomatoes .
and tomatoes and onions and cheese and - ` ` i believe we 'll be needing another cart , '' edward murmured and turned away to go find one .
that meant chicken soup , or even tomato soup for christmas dinner , he thought with a grimace .
` ` especially at breakfast , when angeline called a tomato a vegetable and you did n't correct her . ''
by the time lunch was ready , however , paul found himself hungry and enjoyed the bacon , lettuce , and tomato wraps she served up .
not kidney beans and tomatoes , '' she pointed out with amusement , and then explained , ` ` aunt marguerite asked me to make my famous ' smokin ' hot chili ' for supper .
she would n't remember ever having met him , would n't have to recall and ache for his kisses , would n't know what she 'd lost ... ` ` you should really try the bacon , lettuce , and tomato sandwiches if you ' ve lost your taste for ham . ''
the turn actually began in the late summer of sixty - six when humanity began dying of a virus carried by a bioengineered tomato that was supposed to feed the growing populations of the third - world countries , but it was on halloween that we celebrated it .
we did throw tomatoes instead of eggs , though , put peeled ones in bowls and called them eyeballs , stacked them up on our porches along with carved pumpkins , and generally tried to gross - out the human population that would n't touch the no - longer - lethal red fruit .
a basket of cherry tomatoes decorated the railing to be given out for trick - or - treat , and two pumpkins waited to be carved .
i had n't even gotten my tomatoes yet .
and wearing sexy leather to give candy and cherry tomatoes to eight - year - olds had absolutely no appeal .
` ` i need to stop on the way home to pick up some tomatoes and another bag or two of candy .
a basket of cherry tomatoes with a gingham liner was sitting on the steps , a clear indication that the homeowner was inderlander .
i still had to go out and get my tomatoes , and i made a mental note to ask david if he would mind stopping at the big cherry on the way home .
someone had smeared a tomato on the street sign and they were giving it a wide berth .
so he knew i liked toast with my tomato soup .
and as glenn eyed the basket of cherry tomatoes with avarice and prattled on about how he liked a good strong cup of coffee while he waited for me to get on with it , i felt the bolts of my life lock the door to my past .
nothing smells as good as a garden tomato that 's never seen the inside of a refrigerator . ` `
i was hoping it would taste like supersweet kool - aid , but it appeared to have the consistency of tomato juice .
then i realized it was neither kool - aid nor tomato juice -- it was blood .
the whole room was starting to smell warm with spices and tomato sauce , a comforting and homey sort of smell .
there really wasn '' t much proper food in the store , but i managed to make you a bacon , lettuce and tomato sandwich . ''
i stared at my tomatoes , eggs , and romaine lettuce .
glenn liked tomatoes .
` ` i brought you this , too , '' he said , reaching into a coat pocket to bring out a winter - pale tomato .
rolling my eyes , i leaned to put the tomato on the table , and my knees knocked into marshal .
marshal nodded his hello to ivy , and after nudging the tomato behind the flowers before glenn spotted it , he moved to the distant couch , built into the wall under the window , so the ailing fib agent could have the closer chair .
i asked , reaching out and tossing the tomato to him .
humans normally abhor tomatoes , seeing as it was a tomato that killed a good slice of their population a mere forty years ago .
humans normally abhor tomatoes , seeing as it was a tomato that killed a good slice of their population a mere forty years ago .
after his first panicked juggling to keep the tomato from hitting the ground , he cradled the fruit like a baby , in the crook of his arm .
the tomato , too , was in hiding somewhere .
she was still going goth , complete with peekaboo lace at the neck and little tomatoes dangling among the skull and crossbones on her necklace .
` ` she bounced right back , '' i said dryly , peeking into the bag with the pixies to find ... tomatoes ?
he bought tomatoes with the fib 's gift fund ?
where did glenn get tomatoes ?
three of jenks 's kids rose up with a cherry tomato , arguing over who got the seeds .
` ` did you know there is more than one kind of tomato ?
a huge tomato the size of my two fists hit the counter .
` ` no kidding , '' i said , hiding a grin as his dark fingers pulled out a bag of plum tomatoes .
and the little ones here are cherry tomatoes .
i had never eaten a tomato ` ` like candy , '' but i ate one now , the acidic fruit not mixing at all well with the coffee .
` ` mmmm , good , '' i said , and jenks laughed , hovering at the lintel with the tomato his kids had swiped .
jenks came in , easily handling the weight of the cherry tomato .
glenn took his fingers out of the bag of tomatoes , his hands going behind him in sort of a parade rest , his back to the door .
` ` thanks for the tomatoes , glenn , '' she whispered in his ear , and the man jumped .
` ` ca n't a guy bring over a get - well tomato without getting the third degree ? ''
` ` six freaking pounds of get - well tomatoes , '' jenks muttered , and ivy set her cup down , turning to the sink to fill a small pan to wash the red fruit .
ivy turned her back on us , but i think she was still smiling as she continued washing the tomatoes , setting them to dry one by one .
he picked up one of the clean tomatoes and tucked it in his pocket .
winking , he said , ` ` do n't tell my dad about the tomatoes , okay ? ''
the pixies were loud , playing with the cherry tomatoes as i shuffled into my bathroom to get the water going .
i ' m busy chopping tomatoes while she pretends to watch the sweet potato and black bean mixture .
` ` now that 's a tasty tomato , '' he said , nodding .
` ` iced tomato juice and tabasco , sliced grapefruits , and a plate of scrambled eggs , that 's what we need .
it worked well enough , but moved with such deliberate , noisy concentration i wondered what would have happened if i 'd asked for bacon , fried tomatoes , and toast to go with it .
she said tomato ; he said suck it .
i grimaced as i saw that nearly everything was running low : salad dressings , croutons , tomatoes , etc .
ignoring him , i hurried back to the kitchen to chop some tomatoes .
i grabbed the first tomato , picked up the knife , and quickly started chopping - too quickly .
the scents of tomato sauce and garlic and cheese tickled my nose .
her face turned the shade of a tomato .
i watched and dipped my garlic bread in the tomato bisque soup .
both were as red as tomatoes from their sun block having long since worn off , and never had i been more happy to see a sunburn on my son .
she crunched her food in a way that made me long for cucumbers , tomatoes , and lettuce dressed in a nice balsamic vinaigrette .
the next thing fletcher set on the counter was a half pound hamburger dripping with mayonnaise and piled high with smoked swiss cheese , sweet butter - leaf lettuce , a juicy tomato slice , and a thick slab of red onion .
at least , that 's what my culinary professor had claimed last semester , when he 'd showed us how to turn tomatoes into roses with our paring knives .
i chopped tomatoes , onions , green peppers , and ham to put into my southwestern omelets .
every once in a while , she 'd quit making vroom - vroom sounds long enough to nibble on the tomato sandwich clutched in her tiny fist .
two scarlet tomatoes decorated the top of the black cotton .
the cherokee still inhabited the mountains around ashland , and more hispanic folks came to the city every summer to pick strawberries , tomatoes , and other crops .
now she cut through a pile of tomatoes with a long , curved , serrated knife , making precise , neat little rounds for the rest of the day 's sandwiches .
sophia put her tomatoes aside and started working on the order .
the dwarf had gone back to slicing tomatoes , and the muscles in her arms bulged with her swift , precise movements .
her magic just felt wrong to me , as foreign and alien as eating fried green tomatoes would to a yankee .
` ` i know it 's horrible now , but at the time , i remember thinking that his blood squirted out of him just like juice from a tomato .
a half - pound hamburger dripping with mayonnaise and piled high with smoked swiss cheese , sweet butter - leaf lettuce , a juicy tomato slice , and a thick slab of red onion .
the dwarf , who was slicing tomatoes , grunted and looked over her shoulder .
i looked up from the tomato i was slicing and stared across the counter at finnegan lane , my foster brother and partner in so many murderous schemes over the years .
my hand tightened around the long , serrated tomato knife .
i looked down and realized that i 'd picked up the tomato knife again and was rubbing my thumb over the smooth , polished hilt .
i ignored the curious , fearful , suspicious looks , went back over to the counter , grabbed my knife , and started slicing tomatoes again for the last of the day 's sandwiches .
it took me the better part of a minute and two tomatoes to work up to my next words .
buttermilk fried chicken , hot , crusty cornbread , a baby spinach salad with diced tomatoes , shredded cheddar cheese , red onion , and crispy bacon crumbles , a roasted veggie medley of red potatoes , carrots , and zucchini .
whispered rumors still followed me from one side of the restaurant to the other , and everyone froze every single time i picked up a knife of any sort to peel potatoes or slice tomatoes .
then , to my surprise , he walked over , unbuttoned his suit jacket , and took a seat at the counter right in front of where i was slicing ripe tomatoes , sweet red onions , and crispy lettuce for the day 's sandwiches .
` ` you look like a pig gorging on a trough full of tomatoes . ''
mcallister 's face pinched even tighter than before , the flush in his cheeks taking on a fiery tomato tint , and i could tell that he was struggling to control himself .
her throat and face were as bright and shiny as a ripe tomato , her cheeks puffed up from the burns so that they seemed like they would pop if you so much as looked at them too hard .
i figured that we could all use some comfort food , so i whipped up a succulent supper of country - fried ham , sharp cheddar mac and cheese , a crunchy summer salad of cucumbers and tomatoes , and mashed potatoes made with buttermilk , piled high with sour cream , and sprinkled generously with dill .
thin slices of smoked turkey and honey ham ; thick slabs of sharp cheddar cheese ; sweet , crispy romaine lettuce ; a couple of rings of red onion ; sliced fresh tomatoes sprinkled with salt and pepper ; all of it topped off with a hearty layer of mayonnaise , a dollop of mustard , and another piece of bread .
the tomatoes were like a bright burst of summer in my mouth , brought out by the creamy mayonnaise .
finn and i both glared at her , but the goth dwarf was immune to our dirty looks , and she kept right on slicing tomatoes for the rest of the day 's sandwiches .
the tomato juice stained his fangs a pale pink .
sophia did n't like staying behind , but she grunted and said that she 'd call jo - jo and let her sister know what was going on , before she went back to slicing tomatoes .
sophia fixed silvio 's food , and catalina set the plates in front of him , which included a grilled cheese sandwich and side orders of onion rings , potato salad , and fried green tomatoes .
she was carrying a tomato vine with four ripe , red tomatoes on it .
she was carrying a tomato vine with four ripe , red tomatoes on it .
she showed me the tomatoes .
apparently she grows tomatoes in her backyard . ''
i would like to grow tomatoes . ''
` ` i ' m going to grow green tomatoes , and then we 'll fry them in butter . ''
` ` your grace , you ' ve never tried fried green tomatoes . ''
you are not invited for these theoretical fried tomatoes . ''
` ` they 're my theoretical tomatoes .
both she and emery had ordered barbecue - beef sandwiches with sides of baked beans , fried green tomatoes , and potato salad .
dobson 's cheeks burned tomato red with rage , but he whirled around and left the restaurant , yanking the front door open and stepping out onto the sidewalk .
some plain , some stuffed with sweet , juicy slices of apples and pears , some filled with honey ham and bread - and - butter pickles , and some bulging with thick slices of tomato sprinkled with salt , pepper , and a touch of dill weed .
` ` you ' ve got tomato sauce on the corner of your mouth . ''
she had the imagination of a tomato yet she attracted the strangest people ; people like mel staffanson , who kept a hearse , complete with a full - sized coffin , in his garage .
he wrinkled his nose as the nauseating smell of garlic and oregano and tomatoes filled the air .
he wrinkled his nostrils against the stink of meat and cheese and tomato sauce as he shouldered his way past the young man delivering the pizza .
he could smell tomatoes , basil and oregano .
when it was done , she opened the refrigerator to get the butter , and saw a bottle of tomato juice .
he shrugged , then wrinkled his nose against the strong smell of garlic , pepperoni , and tomato sauce .
the lid flew open , raining cheese - filled crust , pepperoni , and tomato sauce over the carpet in a gooey mess .
the carpet was splattered with tomato sauce , melted cheese , pepperoni , and lettuce , as well as a dark stain that turned out to be coke .
her only experience with gardening was growing tomatoes and carrots in a small garden in her uncle 's backyard , but she found work gloves and a pair of shears in a wooden shed and went to work with a vengeance .
she would miss real food - apples and oranges , artichokes and tomatoes , a good steak .
the smell of pepperoni and zesty tomato sauce filled the air .
just pretend it 's tomato juice , '' miranda whispered to their friend helen standing on the other side of her .
back to her task , she saw that plenty of beer lined the entire middle shelf , so she pulled out two bottles of guinness , closed the door , then proceeded to fold food from her home fridge onto the counter ; sour dough , sharp cheddar , ham , a ripe tomato , bell pepper and a stick of butter .
melissa bowed her head , placing her tomato sandwich down as she leaned back in her chair .
melissa chewed on her cucumber before grabbing a tomato .
amid clucking and tsk ing , the maid helped her mistress to remove her rumpled gown and insisted that she eat the meal of cold chicken , bread , tomatoes , and cheese .
they were sharing a homemade pizza made with pesto sauce , sun - dried tomatoes , and goat cheese , with a few curls of prosciutto thrown in for flair , as well as an eleven - dollar bottle of year - old merlot .
two summer tomatoes were sitting in the kitchen window behind the curtain .
they grow tomatoes , avocados , potatoes and other things to sell locally .
hand me the tomato and i 'll slice it . ''
ashe slid a plate , knife and the requested tomato toward his mother while he spread mayonnaise on two slices of bread .
` ` the tomatoes were coming along , '' ashe nodded .
ashe loved fresh tomatoes .
i think we have some sort of bug eating the tomato plants in the community garden . ''
ashe pushed sali toward the greenhouse afterward to water tomato and pepper plants .
flats of tomatoes and peppers were lined up neatly across slatted wooden tables .
fifteen tomato plants and six pepper plants went into a box later as ashe rushed around helping customers .
listened sagely as an old woman spoke about the different kinds of tomatoes and then sold her two dozen plants , as well as squash , zucchini and watermelon seeds .
ashe dumped mozzarella over the tomato sauce before spreading pepperoni slices and black olives on his side .
i ' m bringing the tomato , onion and pepper plants home tomorrow .
` ` i want to plant the tomatoes , '' ashe said .
ashe did get to plant tomatoes in the early saturday morning sunlight .
heaving a sigh , ashe placed another tomato plant and pushed dirt around the slender stem .
he and his mother would come later and place wire cages around the plants to keep them from drooping and breaking when the tomatoes came and weighed down the plants .
sali carried the hose past the end of the tomato rows .
` ` just talking to myself , '' ashe replied and placed another tomato plant .
that 's how ashe ended up peeling potatoes while sali cut up tomatoes and cori and marco washed and tore lettuce and sliced onions for the burgers .
` ` it 's better than wearing tomato juice , '' ashe pointed at the red stains and tomato seeds that decorated sali 's old t - shirt .
` ` it 's better than wearing tomato juice , '' ashe pointed at the red stains and tomato seeds that decorated sali 's old t - shirt .
` ` i ca n't wait until the tomatoes come out of the garden , '' ashe said .
roff 's sandwich actually smelled good ; it was roast beef , thin - sliced with tomato , cheese and lettuce .
he wanted to hit galleries and pawnshops and diners where a grilled cheese still cost two dollars and the tomato came free .
and part of him remembers what he had for dinner - veal , asparagus , tomato bread soup - and wants to keep it in .
i saw two whole undigested tomato pieces swirl down the toilet bowl .
` ` y' all had a field trip to pick rotting tomatoes ?
my entire face was the color of a red tomato and my hands were shaking from something like total humiliation mixed with ridiculously misplaced lust .
` ` because of the tomatoes . ''
i can almost smell the oregano and tomato sauce of the food court pizza place , mixing with the aroma of constantly frying baskets of french fries at the hot - dog - on - a - stick next door .
i almost choked on a tomato hearing my father say hooking up , which he air - quoted .
we ' ve had caviar and oysters on the half shell and tomato bisque soup , with the main course and dessert still to go .
` ` i guess you 're safe from tomato sauce and red wine stains then . ''
well , it 's not dishonor to which she must yield ... no , it is to a well - thrown and overly ripe tomato that hits her squarely in the face .
with tomato juice and rotten eggs sliding down her face , she races up the aisle and launches herself at mother shinn .
i will strangle that old bitch , i will- but i will do nothing , for standing before me is constance howell , a large red tomato in her hand , ready to fling it in my face , and all the fight goes out of me .
connie looks at me , then shakes her head and drops her tomato to the floor , where it lands with a quiet plop .
and while i was somewhat gratified at the sight of the tomato sliding down her cheek , i did feel her distress .
the sunflower yellow settles in patches , while the tomato red flirts over the lines of purple .
i sought her out in the kitchen where she sat at the table , slicing a tomato while listening to the radio .
i looked at sara and her mother from my kneeling position on the kitchen floor , scooping up the congealed tomato and placing it on the cutting board on the table .
` ` betty burton 's buttermilk pan fried tomatoes , '' my mom 's favorite .
were you looking to fry up some tomatoes ? ''
` ` do you think i would touch a tomato , let alone cook one ? ''
even though i had never and probably would never fry a tomato in my entire life .
about how my mom died , and we stopped cooking fried tomatoes , and we lost the little pieces of the christmas town , and she was n't there to stand up to mrs . lincoln , and nothing was ever the same again .
my mom was still my mom , even if she only lived in books and door locks and the smell of fried tomatoes and old paper .
fried tomatoes ... '' his voice trailed off , as if he was lost in his own mind again and the rare moment of clarity was gone .
or maybe plant a lemon tree , fry some tomatoes , build a monument with your bare hands .
i picked up the salad bowl , concentrating on an oily - looking wedge of tomato .
i smelled everything - the tomatoes frying , the creosote she used to cover her books with in the archive .
amma 's mason jars held everything from pickled watermelon rinds and the skinniest green beans to the roundest onions and the most perfectly green tomatoes .
chapter 2 fried green tomatoes there she was , standing in the kitchen in her bare feet , her hair the same as i remembered - half up , half down .
she was holding our old , black iron frying pan filled with green tomatoes in one hand and a book in the other .
the tomatoes sizzled in the pan , and i breathed in the scent of my mother - yellowing paper and burnt oil , new tomatoes and old cardboard , all laced through with cayenne pepper .
the tomatoes sizzled in the pan , and i breathed in the scent of my mother - yellowing paper and burnt oil , new tomatoes and old cardboard , all laced through with cayenne pepper .
she dropped hot tomatoes onto a paper towel , sprinkling pepper across the plate .
the tomato was so hot it burned my tongue .
it was one thing when my mom was cutting me up a fried tomato .
the smell of fried tomatoes came wafting out the door as it shut .
not just a garden like the ones folks in gatlin grew their tomatoes in , out behind their swamp coolers .
maybe they 're sitting together , talking over fried tomatoes and sweet tea . ''
i was pretty sure this crowd would n't start laughing , jeering or throwing rotten tomatoes at me , but the scrutiny was making my cheeks heat .
she was probably too busy sassing all my aunt prue 's husbands , or yelling at my mom about her fried green tomatoes , or hanging out on the porch with uncle abner .
we dish up enormous plates of brown rice , topped with meat braised and softened with crushed tomatoes and dried herbs .
i ' m too tired to light up the old woodstove , so i set out crackers , and open up two cans of beans , and one each of mushrooms and tomatoes ; whatever does n't need to be cooked .
we grow potatoes and peppers and tomatoes big as pumpkins .
then she moved over to the pantry , grabbed a can of tomato sauce , and fought to get the lid off .
but then it seemed to forget to stop , and there was a layer of lettuce and some bacon strips and tomato and then more bread and some cold chicken and pickle and ... i watched as jasmine emptied a bag of chips to form the top layer and crunched a final slice of bread on top .
` ` this popular pasta dish consists of wide , flat noodles layered with meat , cheese , and tomato sauce . ''
down the street was a tomato orange car with whitewall tires and dark windows .
landscape flying past a window ... then a sports car , shiny tomato orange .
standing among the cans of tomato sauce and bags of flour , he pulled out his phone and dialed a number .
he picks up a knife and begins chopping a tomato .
even his tomato chopping skills are effortless .
he slides the tomatoes off the cutting board and into the pan , then places it on the stove .
` ` do you like chunky or smooth spaghetti sauce , '' i ask , placing the tomato in front of me .
it 's just tomatoes , cucumbers , and onions ) .
i ' m not getting tomatoes this time .
but i love tomatoes , so maybe i 'll ask them to put some on the side for me ?
i agree with you about the tomatoes .
then mom and i go out to this healthy buffet she likes , where we build giant salads full of tomatoes and squash and avocado to take home to eat in front of the tv .
` ` they make salsa with tomatoes , '' i pointed out .
` ` tomatoes , lettuce , cheese . ''
apparently having made himself at home , he went to the pantry first , then browsed the fridge , bringing out items here and there -salsa , cheese , lettuce , a tomato .
` ` first , '' he said , coming behind me and placing his hands on the counter , just outside of mine , ` ` choose your tomato . ''
i pressed the knife down through the tomato ; it split in two , each half rocking gently on the cutting board .
i pull off the sad wilted tomatoes and smear off some of the excess butter / margarine with my napkin .
there 's a can of tomatoes in the pantry .
what is it about him that turns me into a boiled tomato ?
well , if people actually boiled tomatoes , that is .
his face already looks like a tomato from the morning sun beating down on him and there are a crapload of mosquito bites on him .
he hands one off to a customer ; the hot dog is covered in pickle and tomato slices and chopped - up onions , barely contained in a bun .
it 's not like we 're not allowed to ... '' her cheeks suddenly matched the color of a tomato .
she offered him the tomato on her fork .
another corner of the compound held gardens - from where he was standing thomas recognized corn , tomato plants , fruit trees .
there was other stuff , too : tomatoes , lettuce , peas , a lot more that thomas did n't recognize .
he looked to thomas more out of place than a carrot on a tomato plant .
he barely noticed he 'd been hungry until he started eating frypan 's hastily prepared meal of biscuits and tomato soup .
never before i had seen so much gathered in one place - smoked salmon and raw oysters , chicken gumbo and sweet pea puree , soft - shelled crab and broiled bluefish , stuffed shoulder of lamb and braised beef with noodles , broiled quail and blue - winged teal duck served in a sauce espagnole , mushrooms on toast and pigeon with peas , stuffed eggplant , stewed tomatoes , parsnip cakes sauteed in butter , hash brown potatoes baked in cream ... ...
she went for a cheeseburger from the grill , and i got a tomato wrap filled with hummus and veggies .
we ordered hors d'oeuvres of french bread and a goat cheese dip and mozzarella , basil and tomato skewers in a balsamic sauce .
when she is home for dinner , clay 's there too , and halfway into the meal he shoves aside his plate , pulling out a pad to scribble notes on , absently reaching for his fork from time to time , fishing a piece of meat or a bite of tomato off whatever plate he lands on - his own , mine , mom 's .
in the end , the garretts ' dinner that night consists of english muffin toaster pizzas , boxed macaroni and cheese , and my mom 's lemonade and broccoli / sun - dried tomato and pecan pasta salad ( less than a success ) , which i send duff over to my house to get , explaining about the special ice cubes .
worn out , patsy falls asleep in her high chair , her rosy cheek drooping into a smear of tomato sauce .
her gaze drifts over everyone at the table , patsy with her hair smeared with butter , syrup , and tomato sauce ; george without his shirt , little rivulets of syrup edging down his chest ; harry lunging for more pizza ; duff at his most truculent , the teary andy .
she makes dinner for the garretts , and hands it to me to bring over until duff gets as sick of sun - dried tomatoes , goat cheese , and puff pastry as he 'd ever been of pizza .
there was no getting to byron , at least not until he was released , so a few people took out their anger on cory - and he ended up in the hospital too , his face beaten to the pulpy purple of a bruised and rotten tomato .
with burgers it was lettuce and tomato on the bottom , then ketchup , then burger , then bun .
i was cuttin ' a tomato , and would n't ya know the thing flung up and sliced my shoulder open .
she walks down the aisle , watching as i pick up tomatoes , onions , cilantro , lime , poblano , and jalapenos .
hanna pushed the styrofoam container of sweet potato fries to the side and took a bite of an undressed grape tomato .
hanna bit into another tomato .
comforting smells of tomato sauce and garlic swirled through the air .
` ` brie , arugula , and sun - dried tomato for you . ''
emily fields hid among the tall tomato plants , tugging nervously on the strings of her rosewood long course swimming sweatshirt .
there was skinny , baby - faced emily behind the tomato vines , her eyes darting nervously back and forth .
mrs . dilaurentis stabbed a tomato from the salad .
out of the corner of her eye , she noticed a woman by the heirloom tomatoes .
and what was she supposed to say - that she 'd seen his father squeezing tomatoes in a dress at fresh fields ?
there were also scalloped potatoes , a tomato salad , and a loaf of the hearty , gourmet seven - grain bread from fresh fields that ella always scoffed at , saying anyone who paid $ 10.99 for some flour and water ought to have his head examined .
melissa bit into a cherry tomato from the salads that had just been deposited onto the table .
the kitchen smelled like tomato sauce and garlic bread , and hanna 's father ; his fiancee , isabel ; and isabel 's daughter , kate , were already seated in the dining room .
the house smelled comfortingly like tomato sauce and garlic .
my mother stabs at the cherry tomato rolling around in her salad bowl .
yellow mustard , onions , chunked tomatoes , sweet pickle relish , peppers - whole , of course , and pickled - a dill pickle slice , and a pinch of celery salt .
spaghetti mixed with fried peppers , mushrooms , water chestnuts , and a tangy tomato soy sauce .
` ` poor thing - she 's still as red as a tomato . ''
` ` and i think she 'll be a tomato to the end of her school days .
aunt glenda forked up a small piece of tomato from her plate .
and she was looking at me with a funny sort of smile , the same as at breakfast , when i 'd felt like throwing a tomato at her .
i blushed easily myself , but with mr . marley , the blood did n't go just to his cheeks - his ears and his throat also turned the color of ripe tomatoes .
lesley asked , looking suspiciously at the open door to the kitchen , where the sink was piled high with dishes and plates encrusted with what had presumably once been tomato sauce .
velveeta , black beans , tomatoes , leftover chicken , pepperonis , red peppers , onions , hot sauce .
hot dogs , hamburger , pepperoni , hot sauce , jalapenos , olives , onions , tomatoes , fresh cilantro , chicken , ranch seasoning , black beans , mushrooms and two different kinds of cheese .
the only fresh vegetable was iceberg lettuce salad with some scary old tomatoes .
i find tomatoes and mushrooms and a red pepper in the vegetable drawer , so i chop that hooey up like a pro , using one of donna 's super expensive knives and a thick - ass chopping board .
we had thin crust pizza with fresh mozzarella and ripe tomatoes and shared a bottle of expensive wine .
instead of blushing tomato red and shying away from the spotlight , she rushed into a detailed description about buttons and lace and all - girl - stuff in general .
` ` four tomato juices with lime wedges , '' madeline chirped to the waitress who 'd appeared .
the waitress returned with four glasses of tomato juice , and as soon as her back was turned , madeline unscrewed the cap of the stainless - steel flask and dumped clear liquid into each cup .
madeline slid a glass of spiked tomato juice toward emma .
to calm her nerves , emma took a long sip of spiked tomato juice and summoned her inner sutton , a girl she 'd learned was snarky and sassy and did n't take shit from anyone .
` ` we could hire people to sit in the audience to boo him or throw tomatoes at him . ''
mr . mercer held a plate of pasta slathered in tomato sauce .
i had tomato gardens bigger than this back in montana , and this is where five children had spent their formidable years exploring and challenging nature .
she holds out her hand , and it takes me a second to realize that i ' m supposed to give her a tomato i ' ve been holding .
i pass her the tomato .
i do , and sure enough , i get a definite whiff of mozzarella and tomato sauce .
i look around at the huge frescoes of different vegetables painted on the orange wall behind jeffrey 's head : a giant avocado , four big tomatoes , an enormous green pepper .
i piled meat , lettuce , and tomato between the bread slices .
i moved my fork around , pushing the cherry tomatoes to the side and rearranging the mushrooms into an ordered pattern , one slice lying next to the other in a circle around the bowl .
i was the one who could n't think about it without looking like a tomato .
` ` i mean , look at mary beth , she 's practically a tomato . ''
there , i heard ollie mumble , ` ` no tomatoes .
higgins has long since contrived a potion consisting of pepper , lime juice , horseradish , garlic , curry , and other spices he has picked up in these exotic lands , along with tomato juice , and lastly a good , stiff dollop of rum , and that concoction manages to get a grumpy captain laughton back on his feet again and in reasonably good humor .
sally was easily the friendliest person on the planet and had in no way meant to put tomatoes on eden 's egg salad sandwich when she had pointedly asked for no tomatoes .
sally was easily the friendliest person on the planet and had in no way meant to put tomatoes on eden 's egg salad sandwich when she had pointedly asked for no tomatoes .
his face began to swell with fury and his cheeks blew out until they looked like two huge ripe tomatoes .
she 'd cut the onions with care , savored in the soft , firm perfection of the red tomatoes , shaken in a combination of thyme , red pepper , salt , and curry , and marveled at the greenness of the greens .
my father moved into the mini - forest about three years ago , with his pup tent and a few cans of tomatoes .
she scrubbed tomato sauce off a plate .
coraline 's mother looked in the fridge and found a sad little tomato and a piece of cheese with green stuff growing on it .
garlic , butter and tomato paste scented the air .
others hurled what looked like ripe tomatoes at the rest of the pack .
or at least she was humming as she brushed a marinade onto the tuna steak that she was preparing with tomatoes and capers .
when i 'd come visit on court street , erickson would always whip up his southern specialties , like fried zebra tomatoes with deviled eggs and sweet hibiscus tea .
as girls , she and thea had spent weekends helping their father mulch and prune , tending his tomato plants , his sage and mint and rosemary , his prized eskimo sunset maple with its pinky - green leaves that flipped over to a speckled jelly - bean lavender .
palmer 's tomato cheeks and dumpling curves looked like a mean joke set against alex the scarecrow .
i open up the bun of my chicken sandwich to pick the tomato off .
` ` and let me give you some of this tomato here ...
he was completely bald , with a nose like a squashed tomato and wattles hanging from his neck that wobbled when he moved , like those of a turkey vulture .
fiddleheads of steam unfurled in a stomach - churning stench of hot plastic and stewed tomato .
` ` we take all the risks and we 're supposed to be grateful for a cup of watered - down tomato soup ? ''
she started slicing tomatoes , saying , ` ` i ' m glad you did it , riley . ''
my grandmother 's mason jars were still there , though she had n't been alive to can tomatoes from the garden in ten years .
she 'd carved flower - shaped tomatoes , roasted a turkey , shaved a cow 's butt .
leon accepted the tomato from my blt .
but she would ' ve held the tomato if you 'd asked . ''
my unlucky victim 's backyard was a typical one for the houses near boundary wood , littered with the usual suspects : tomato cages , a hand - dug barbecue pit , television antennae with wires leading to nowhere .
that is ` ` the tomato '' for those of you who , like me , do not speak cornball .
rachel lacked the concentration to bread the chicken pieces , so i had her stirring the tomato sauce while i dredged an endless number of chicken parts through egg and then through breadcrumbs .
in the backyard was an ambitious vegetable garden where seven impeccable rows flourished- textbook tomatoes , peas , beans , and carrots .
currently , he propped his cell between ear and shoulder as he eyed a pair of plastic plates printed with smiling tomatoes .
sullivan worried the tomatoes out of his sandwich and laid them in a careful pile that did n't touch the lettuce .
chestnut pudding , corn bread , ripe red tomatoes , custard in fig syrup , soft blue beetlemilk cheeses wrapped in leaves , steaming stew , crispy fried squash blossoms ...
he had promptly spilled tomato sauce on it , and she 'd refused to speak to him for an entire day .
along side of the garage grandma had planted a patch of tomatoes and beans and cucumbers .
i immediately recognized tomatoes , melons , lettuce , green beans and a myriad of other produce .
i went to the funeral services and threw rotten tomatoes and other fruits at the casket because i figured it would be the way he wanted to be remembered .
we had cases of tomatoes and peaches in cans , a sack of sugar , plenty of flour , beans , dried fruit , rice , some big cans of arbuckle , and cans of pork and beef .
when i locked the door , i went into the apartment , where jaquan was coming and using a candle hooded by a tomato can .
t , give me a whopper with cheese and extra tomato , he ordered .
i would like two taco supremes , a nacho supreme extra sour cream and tomato on both and an orange gatorade , t , kaylie commanded .
it was while elkano was preparing dinner for them both cocumbers and tomatos and onion salad mixed with olives oil with pepper spice .
despite the palette of colors on his platethe sea - grass green of asparagus , an arterial red tomato sprinkled with chalk - white chevre , two seared lamb chops with golden edgeswhen those colors get inside his mouth , they turn to gray .
asked bobby upon returning from his bathroom break carrying a can of tomato juice and a dripping chilidog .
all grains , cheeses , oils , vegetables , and especially the tomatoes , as all of our sauces are homemade , are organic .
they cooked the tomatoes , he said .
tomato vines were dried up and bare of fruit , and tall scraggly - looking weeds covered the ground .
i was more red then the tomato itself from the garden .
there were little round purple things that tasted like tomatoes .
some were orange in color with flecks of green herbs and pieces of tomato .
lastly they picked the tomatoes and crated them .
the wagon was now completely empty except for the tomato baskets and his uncle saved him some bread from the meal he had earlier in a tavern .
at this time of year kallel had planted carrots , cabbage , squash and tomatoes .
the only ones that could be harvested right now were the carrots and the tomatoes .
walking up to the tall row of wires that the tomato vines had crawled onto , he began the familiar task .
the tomatoes were red , plump and juicy .
the vines are hard to cut without ripping the fruit from the green stem so it requires a sharp blade to harvest it and keep the tomatoes beauty , without bruising the meat .
he sat down the bucket and gripped scythe more securely to begin collecting the top row of tomatoes .
it took a few tries to get the technique down again , but tomato picking became easier .
when picking the tomatoes he d hold four at a time in one hand before depositing them in a basket carefully , before doing it all over again .
he left the scythe by the ladder while he lifted the bucket of tomatoes .
a rotten tomato hit her chest and exploded , as did the head of an old cabbage .
do n't forget to grab the cabbage and the basket of rotten tomatoes . ''
penelope , i ca nt believe you , cornbread and tomatoes with chicken and dumpling , and served just like i was in a fancy restaurant .
the smell of fresh pasta , bread and tomato sauce rushed through my body and down into my empty stomach .
the walls are covered with lattice , which hold up tomato plants , beans , and melons on the lower regions .
mr . rose and suzi have grown everything on this table in their two hangars , from the lima beans to the tomatoes and from the meat to the dessert fruits .
beans , squash , peas , corn , potatoes , tomatoes and two rows of sunflowers . ''
she walk with the cart all around , observing an old lady how was analyzing a tomato until the small details , like the woman could see with her eyes the molecules .
* * * hampshire the remains of their lunch lay before them ; a pleasing debris of cheese rind and tomato pips , the amber liquid in their refilled glasses catching the light from the fire .
there were dried tomatoes , pickles , slices of dried apple and peach , and even a small clay container of pepper oil for spice .
the dripping grease sizzled and spat on the fiery coals , filling the air with the tang of beef , venison , and pork , as well as the aromas of onions , tomatoes , hot peppers , and so many mingled herbs sylah stopped identifying and resigned herself to some abandoned overeating .
he could either go for it and maybe get eaten or sit tight and definitely turn into a sun - dried tomato .
somebody threw a tomato which struck the burgermeister on the cheek .
a short plump lady wearing a chefs cap bustled into the room with a large tray heaped with eggs , bacon , mushrooms , tomatoes and toast .
mini paella with salad and bread , mini honazo , which is like a pie , mini cocido madrileo , which is a stew with chick peas , potato and meat , and patatas bravas , which is a fried potato dish served with a spicy tomato sauce .
can you think of any species with the appetite and nutritional absorption ability to get our bartenders to stock twelve bottles of money losing tomato juice into a limited capacity refrigerator ?
if you believe it was too difficult please visit deeley plaza , i have , and i believe i could ve thrown three tomatoes and hit pay - dirt on at least two of them from the location of the assassins assault .
i love pizza because of its simplicity ; just slap some dough down , spread a little tomato sauce around , add cheese and whatever else you ve got laying around and bang !
there were fresh deli meats , cheeses , lettuce , tomatoes , and different types of bread as well as potato salad and fresh coleslaw .
just to eat the food and drink my medi there were three sandwiches with grated carrot , sliced cucumber , salad leaves and tomatoes in them .
the table was set with a sumptuous feast of baked fish , roasted tubers , fresh tomatoes , and lettuce , along with a variety of apples and loaves of fresh bread .
connor had filled the wheelbarrow with apples while lena had collected four baskets of tomatoes .
lena also ate an apple and then a tomato .
he took the shovel off her shoulder and cleared the spilled tomatoes away from her .
chapter 7 : connor went back to the tomatoes lena had spilled when she fell and started to try and salvage what he could .
` ` how about some tea and tomato salad . ''
if you can get me some cheese , tomatoes , seasonings and wheat bread that has nt already been cooked ill make your family something delicious from where i come from .
well need some tomatoes and cheese , but the rest i already have .
they went to a nearby dairy farm and bought a wheel of cheese before going back around and buying perfectly ripe tomatoes .
while it warmed , cage grabbed a mixing bowl and turned the tomatoes into a pulpy mash , added salt and different seasonings from the rack , just enough to get an adequate taste he remembered .
he then took the tomato paste and set it on the stove to heat and blend the flavors together .
he heard the tomato juices simmering and one quick mixing with a spoon was all he needed and he poured half upon the panned breading .
cage decided as he checked the meal was finished and slid the contents onto a large serving platter and quickly began making a second one , using the scraps of bread to make long , soft sticks to dip into the left over tomato sauce .
he bought onions , tomatoes , carrots , turnips and a fresh head of his favorite iceberg lettuce .
meeka nodded as she nibbled on a tomato he offered .
taking a little time to decide , he finally settled on the gnocchi with a local - style tomato and basil sauce .
below deck katherine concentrated on slicing plum tomatoes and kicked herself for checking calvin out so blatantly .
the vallis have always been farmers , growing olives and tomatoes near roma in italy .
though the olives struggled , the tomatoes thrived and every season the vallis acquired more land .
my grandfather and his sons were fascinated with all things mechanical and anything to make the farming of tomatoes easier .
we still produce tomatoes and olives but we buy struggling businesses and give them what they need .
are you a tomato ? ''
would you be so kind as to make me a sizzling cheeseburger smothered in grilled onions , with tomatoes and pickles ?
on cue , tomika took a tomato to the face and a jeer to the heart .
steffennies face went redder than a ripe tomato .
it was the size of a small tomato and seemed to glow alongside the others .
the big toe was swollen like a ripe tomato .
madadh picked up a giant can of roma tomatoes and scrutinised it .
gid had the spinach , tomato and feta .
i went with the nado tomato , swiss cheese and avocado .
it was hot and crisp , and i realized how much i really liked white stone pizza without the tomato sauce .
a bit of tomato sauce was on my right thumb from the result of my fumbling a few seconds before , so i licked it off .
giddeon gave a long look to his partially finished tomato juice and vodka , and said , the glass is half empty , and , i m pretty sure what s left in there has gone bad .
she smiled a dazzling smile , turned her attention to a table of tomatoes a few feet away , and moved in her slow motion , seductive way towards a new goal .
next , there came plates of thick bacon , eggs , tomatoes , and mushrooms , all from the farm .
willie prepared a wonderful feast for us of fry bread , pork , beans , rice , lettuce , and fresh tomatoes .
made from tomatoes , you say ?
and the tomato sauce , i wonder if i can make it back home ?
it is divine , made from tomatoes , ahh , i feel sad just thinking of it .
needs tomato sauce , he said through a mouthful and kaitlin laughed .
the terments ran that cannery all through world war two and the korean war , canning tomatoes for the army .
when the california farmers started growing cheaper tomatoes , the eastern shore canneries like the terment one in river sunday just went broke .
i think one of them was a terment truck that had carried the tomatoes from the puerto rican and mexican migrant worker farms .
i remember waking up and brushing my teeth with twigs of neem , and then running into the fields to pluck ripe tomatoes and carrots for breakfast , and chasing barefoot through the wet mud , white rabbits to their homes under the earth .
however , she managed to eat a sandwich with cream cheese and tomatoes and she drunk a cup of tea .
there were tomatoes , salami , and some onions .
she was cutting tomatoes and he went into the living room to prepare everything .
while laying down the tomatoes and cucumbers , she started to talk quietly .
everything was perfect : tomatoes , mushrooms ... crispy and juicy .
he leaned forward and got two inches from my face , the firelight making him look like some kind of red cherry tomato .
no , momma only made it once ; i distinctly remember those strangely curled slabs swimming in a fluorescent tomato sauce .
rondavel : round hut with thatched roof sheba : slow - cooked tomato relish with onions and garlic spruit : small stream or river taliwagon : small truck with a heavy machine gun mounted on the back .
cabbage , onions , and tomatoes , pat called back to grace from the ovens .
he licked the tomato pasted clean before biting down on the meat , keeping his eyes on julie the entire time .
jack loved a full cooked breakfast and had piled his plate high with fried eggs , tomatoes , frankfurters and fries , as well as toast and coffee .
` ` thanks , '' he smiled and took a tomato and cucumber sandwich .
` ` it 's tomato juice . ''
the grasses have seeds growing and the tomato plants have started to bear fruit , dawn said with pride in her voice .
beat red , like a little tomato .
i once heard of a boy who on a dare threw a tomato at his carriage as it passed through town .
a wide variety of other food was set out on the table too , tomatoes and cucumber , lettuce and radishes , spring onions and beetroot , and biscuits , home - made he was sure .
he ate a cheese and tomato sandwich , the taste bland in his mouth .
but it was the same tomato red color with the white stripe .
dinner was pasta , with a tomato sauce with mushrooms , but liz talked throughout , with dan pretending to listen , but his thoughts had drifted to the green eyed , brown haired girl , he d met in the library .
then at the top of the fridge the final shelf was covered in carrots and tomatoes and vegetables i did nt have time to identify because they were just green .
we both look down and there s all this tomato ketchup shit all over the mirror .
wills face turned as red as a tomato .
mom , my youngest sister teresa , and i would plant tomatoes , corn , and my favorite ... okra .
his skin , where the blades got past the armor , is split open like a ripe tomato .
rotten tomatoes would have been less insulting .
the tomatoes had clusters of fruits , some already ripening .
she confirmed this by wounding some tomatoes herself and thereby forcing premature ripening .
sunday screamed but the vendor did nt seem to notice for she called out to people to buy her tomatoes and string beans .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
wish i had some onions , bell peppers and stewed tomatoes .
and some green beans and tomatoes .
beautiful ripe tomatoes she would eat off the vine .
neo moletsane had invited us proudly to try the local specialty of pap and fatty boiled meat with tomato relish .
` ` where did you buy that fantastic lettuce and those cherry tomatoes , motso ? ''
we fetched flour or a tin of tomatoes or washed vegetables , allowing mom to have a quiet chat with her father .
paul heaved himself slowly up to a sitting position , the thought of a fried breakfast , 3 slices of bacon , an egg sunny - side up , fried bread and maybe a tomato , set his stomach growling in anticipation .
her mother placed a plate of eggs , beans and tomatoes in front of her eat up , then you have to get your things ready for school .
she grabbed one of the tiny cherry tomatoes and rolled it around her plate .
her eyes wide , molly stared at the yellow tomato seeds all over her fathers face .
then my finger just flicked that baby tomato all by itself .
why did she have to go and flick a cherry tomato at her father ?
i ' m grounded because i flicked a cherry tomato at my father and it splattered on his face .
they loved deli , with cold vegetarian beans and all sorts of cold meats like tongue , roast beef , corn beef , turkey and all sorts of sandwiches smeared with mustard , onions , tomatoes , mayo , dill pickles that made your mouth water , even swiss cheese slices too all topped off with slightly hard rye bread !
from the chuck wagon muddy continued dicing tomatoes without looking up .
he finally looked up while scraping the tomatoes into a pot .
dinner consisted of mutton stewed all day with raisins , dates , pecans and tomatoes , served over a bed of rice .
if he lost even one wand , he d bloody the ground like a giant tomato .
he counted 27 heads among the tomatoes , including the imperial guard commander .
chapter 39 weaponry for some odd reason , paul was dreaming he 'd just been sworn in as president of the united states , but everyone in the huge crowd booed and threw rotten tomatoes at him .
lo laughed and stuck a cherry tomato into his mouth , then shook his head back and forth while he chewed .
where 's my tomato ?
eggs , bacon , and toast along with tomato juice and coffee .
i want some peppers and tomatoes for dinner . ''
sullenly , luz picked up a tomato and a knife .
she shook her head , sliced the tomato with more force than necessary .
she tossed the mangled tomato into the salad .
he also found leftovers in the fridgea chicken and tomato sauce dish that looked very similar to the chicken cacciatore his father used to make , and tossed green salad .
they also made tomato and basil bruschetta .
my tomatoes are bigger than anyone elses and i have twice as many .
her grandmother was planning a large garden with tomatoes , cucumbers , artichokes , squash , carrots , beats , turnips , onions , radishes , and bell peppers .
alex walked out of the garden and to the hearth where she 'd burned her blood - soaked clothing , scooped the black ashes into a bucket , then returned , and while sprinkling them along a row of tomatoes , she again addressed her questions to her grandmother .
father zosimos found her wandering through the garden with the hose , trying to water the tomatoes .
she sat amongst the tomatoes , the ball - sized green fruit knocking against her skull , not caring that the moist earth soiled her bottom , and looked out at the mountains in the direction of the vampire cavern.she felt a pull toward it , and worried that she could easily fall under the influence of alu kard .
she sat in the garden 's failing light , evening 's darkness creeping in from the forest and invading the tomato and pepper plants .
the cherry tomatoes on top are well ripened .
the kick struck the bridge of his nose and it split like a ripe tomato flecking blood over the cobbles .
his nose exploded as her mailed fist shattered it like a ripe tomato .
this huge wagon was already loaded with provisions - sacks of flour , bags of sugar , bottles of olive oil , dried fish , smoked fish , dried beef , dried apples , dried figs , dried apricots , many cans of : tomatoes , pears , peas , soup ; bags of rice and potatoes ; salt , bourbon , chocolate , canned mangos , no end of cans of condensed milk etc . , etc .
they had 100 pounds of canned tomatoes , 100 pounds of canned mangos , 100 pounds of canned pears , 300 pounds of flour and same for pasta , 100 pounds of olive oil and corn oil , 500 pounds of rice and potatoes , 1,000 cans of condensed milk , 1,000 cans tuna , 100 pounds of smoked fish , 500 pounds of salt beef , 100 bottles of whisky , 400 pounds of chocolate , 1,000 pounds of sugar , 100 pounds of tea , 100 pounds of coffee , 100 pounds of soap , plus plenty of razors and iodine , bandages and splints for broken arms and legs ; they had no end of miscellaneous items which 29 people would need to survive in the wilderness for several months , such as 500 gallons of kerosene and 5 chogalisa stoves ; fodder for the horses in the form of a ton of oats and 400 pounds of dried apples had to be taken .
experiments are now underway to encourage the growth of frost - immune yellow tomatoes , the avf-92 - se hybrid developed by the international siberian cooperative # 241 .
giuseppina and jim ( he insisted on anglicizing his non - native - sounding name , giacomo ) had once lived on the second floor of her parents house : a modest red - brick , federal style , with a shallow front yard and deeper back , lined on either side by a rusting wire fence against which either tomatoes , zinnias , peppers , or curly endive grew .
the air around it on summer weekends was spiced by the hearty scents of tomato sauce , anise , and cigars .
a variety of other dishes had been whipped up by supportive townsfolk : scalloped potatoes in butter , peas and carrots roasted with herbs , a salty beef stew , a soup of roots , fresh greens with little plump tomatoes , and more besides .
so i need two tomatoes , one cucumber , one cauliflower and two pounds of ox meat . ''
by the time an got up to the plateau he was red like a tomato .
there was tomato sauce splattered on the floor .
i have a little garden where i grow tomatoes and such .
do nt forget your stint as a tomato .
` ` after they threw the tomatoes at you they went and picked them up again .
brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice turned one of his tomatoes in contempt , but said nothing .
brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice looked outraged and his tomatoes spat out little yellow seeds .
poor old agnar got hit with a rotten tomato , right on his nose .
sharon started making the full works for breakfast : sausages , bacon , toast , fried mushrooms , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , beans and spaghetti hoops in different bowls , so we could dish out what we wanted .
the guys chuckled as flynn splattered a tomato against the totem .
hey , waitwhere did you get that tomato ?
in the kitchen , he found some leftover roast chicken and made a sandwich , topping it with his homemade tomato salad .
she took the sandwich he offered , unpackaging it with care , happily surprised to find sliced pork with sauted mushrooms , caramelized onions , and heirloom tomato slices .
greg dropped the pizza he was about to put in the oven , cheese and tomato sauce coating him from waist to foot .
you might have a wilted little tomato plant .
up the sides of the cottage climbed tomatoes , grapes and peas to almost cover half of the outer walls .
kota scanned the faces and found joe farmer in the midst of the tomatoes , a basket at his side as he picked those ready to come off the vine with an experienced hand .
` ` the same guy that stopped in the middle of a raging battle to fix sausages , tomatoes , and toasted bread , is going to walk by a bakery full of fresh bread ?
put it there and the tomato juice .
hammers head burst upon the first strike , splitting wide and causing blood and brains to jettison forth across the dirt like the juice of a squashed tomato .
my guess turned out to be right , his face was about as red as a tomato .
see my husband charlie never was , although the rules against love were much stricter in our times , and on top of that , count that we came from different religions , him being a christian , and i a young hindu girl , but he was never ashamed , yes , he did blush a lot on occasions , that is true , like when he confessed his love to me , oh , he was a regular scarlet charlie then , stuttering and stammering , but it was a blush of amor , not at all a blush of being ashamed , and then again , when he met my parents and told them of his love for me and asked for my hand , i remember him turning red like a tomato , but it was because of his sheer reverence towards them , and then i remember when he held our child for the first time , oh how he blushed in his fatherly sentiment and broke in to tears , and afterwards when he turned old and would tell young boys like you the story of our love , oh how he would blush in the warmth of all those memories , just as i am blushing now , her voice was getting more and more enlivened as she painted the brief portrait of her late husband to the two young boys , her cheeks likewise getting filled with a sanguine glow .
they buy two golden - crusted baguettes , cold cuts , black olives , green olives , tomatoes , a bag of black cherries and a bottle of good wine to celebrate their recovery .
no need to do an impression of a tomato .
` ` i happen to like all of the ones you said plus cucumbers , tomatoes , water chestnuts , mushrooms and cauliflower .
carthinal and basalt ate their meal , fish from the lake , baked with a kind of sweet potato and tomatoes and onions .
our food arrived quickly , grilled filet of beef served with creamy garlic potatoes and fresh vegetables , red wine and shallots reduction for him , and house made raviolis in roasted tomato and pepper sauce for me , and we settled into comfortable chatter as we ate .
later in the afternoon while he was eating ham , lettuce and tomato sandwiches with his brothers , in the kitchen , professor chapman called him back .
lettuce , tomatoes and pickles were also on the sandwich .
earth mothershe was grass and the trees and small birds flying ... she came to him in hippie dress : tie - dyed burst of smock ; hair held back , braided by simple twine , spreading rocks thick and thin , from yard and park , thick bends of twigs , a decaying branch which held a staggering of incense sticks : bowls of water with simple flowers swimming , several bowls here and there : sweet soaps , handmade , lavender , patchouli , sandalwoodalways a slight air about her ... nothing like the event of bertha : no lightning , no tornado , no run to the root cellar , rather , heaviness upon the obvious : seduction of satiety after a heavy lunch of thick seven - grain loafs and home - gardened tomatoes and cucumbers and radishes , lettuce in the spring : canned for the winter , pickled , prepared ... dalores was preparationpreparing in the small ways , the unnoticed ways , but a preparation which resulted , as such meticulous and instinctual preparations do , in marvelously baked breads !
so kor ate fruit ( in the broad sense which includes tomatoes and cucumbers ) , but would not eat stalks , grains , or tubers , and certainly not meat .
it is a lie that a little disk of metal , which no one is allowed to work into anything useful or ornamental , is more valuable to humanity than a fresh tomato .
just some tomato and onion , but i have plenty of meatballs .
her nose had exploded like a ripe tomato .
his nose looked like a squashed tomato , and there was so much blood it was hard to tell what other damage i 'd done to his face .
jack turned and trotted toward the door , passing billy ray , who , napkin in hand , was trying to get tomato sauce and cheese off his white suit .
laurence hoped he might not have a very dismal meal ahead of him , having some vague impression of restrictions upon the jewish diet , but the late dinner was more than respectable : a very good leg of lamb , roasted to a turn in the turkish manner and carved off the spit into thin slices , with new potatoes dressed in their skins and a fragrant glaze of olive oil and strong herbs ; and besides a whole fish roasted with peppers and tomatoes , pungent and strongly flavored with the common yellow spice , and a tenderly stewed fowl which no one could have objected to .
inside , the harsh smell of undercooked tomato sauce is an assault on the sinuses .
steam was rising from the pot , and ingredients were strewn everywhere - tomatoes , chopped garlic and onions , strings of dark - looking herbs , grated piles of cheese , some shelled peanuts , a handful of olives , and a whole fish , its eye staring glassily upward .
` ` lettuce and tomato , no onion . ''
in my shopping basket , i ' ve got bread , cereal , milk , turkey , lettuce , noodles , tuna , tomatoes , and good cheese .
lucia neatly speared the last cherry tomato , forked it into her mouth , and nodded .
the wide chest , the neck like a treetrunk , the surprisingly small head under its wild thatch of black hair looking like a tomato on a coffin ... he could put a name to the creeping figure , and that name was hrun the barbarian .
yore finking about the tomatoes , ' said fruntkin .
' i 'll swap you a lettuce and tomato . '
' yes , indeed , ' said nanny ogg stoutly , and then , just to make sure , she added , ' you should see the size of my tomatoes . '
but you ca n't get a .decent pint for love nor money and they put olive oil on everything and tomatoes give me a rash and there is n't what i 'd call a good hard cheese in the whole country . '
in tomato sauce !
enrico basilica ate like a man freed at last from the tyranny of tomatoes with everything .
' it was tomato sauce , all right ? '
' i do n't see why anyone should make a fuss about a bit of tomato sauce .
' just tomato sauce , ' said the dean .
' i do n't see why people are making such a fuss about a bit of tomato sauce that hardly even shows up , ' muttered the dean .
' you 're tipping a meat pie into a dish of pea soup and now you want me to eat it with ... with tomato sauce on it ? '
' er ... some tomato sauce , maybe ? '
' can someone go and get me one of his floating meat pies with extra tomato sauce ?
' how about a nice meat pie upside down in a big bowl of mushy green peas covered with tomato sauce ? '
meat pie in pea soup and tomato sauce ? '
something flew out of the hole and hit him on the ear , but this was only a minor problem compared to the meat pie , which came out trailing mushy peas and tomato sauce and hit him in the mouth .
` ` considering that two of the tubes he was using contain tomato puree and cream cheese . ''
` ` willie , why have you got a tomato on your head and a carrot in your ear ? ''
because i ' m absolutely certain that when the gods find they 're under attack by a man with a tomato on his head and another one disguised as the muse of swearing they 're really , really going to want the whole world to know what happened next . ''
' oh , now you 're just being silly , ' said the doubting rat , who was called tomato .
' not to use tunnels that have n't been marked clear , sir , ' said tomato .
said tomato .
do not give her tomato soup - it will make her very powerful .
when they were outside a small oak door he let go of his arm and fumbled in his pocket again , removing a small hard piece of cheese and an unpleasantly squashy tomato .
it was a gentle breeze , but it did n't stop and eventually it had the same effect on visitors that a cheesegrater achieves on a tomato .
when it opened its mouth , revealing a ridiculous purple bird tongue , there was a suggestion that this seagull could do a lot more than menace a seaside tomato sandwich .
he had the same short - on - the - sides , spiky - on - top hair as his brother , but his jacket was a reddish - brown tweed over the brown slacks , and his shirt was a tomato red .
in the matter of a mere sixteen or so hours , i 'd officially become a surfer ( according to william , although i had my doubts ) , i 'd gleaned more tidbits about the man of mystery ( he circumnavigated the globe by boat with one of his brothers a few years back , is a die hard pink floyd fan , could eat grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches everyday , and loathes reality tv ) , and added even more fuel to the fire that william is not your everyday twenty - two year old male when he managed to leap from his board to mine every time i 'd been about to topple into the water .
there was neither a school nor a church building , yet , only a mortally plain little house , graced by a few depressed and straggling trees , and a bare plot of land around it meant for a vegetable - garden , where mrs . erasmus was presently laboring in the company of her daughters and several of the young native women , who were being shown how to stake tomato plants .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
she passed over the bag of tomatoes .
where he 'd been all but tomato sauce .
` ` i hate tomatoes , '' laurel griped , looking into the bowl .
i ' m sure you realize that there were young girls hiding behind tomato plants and that the woods were full of hellhounds that ate abandoned children .
in the garden , behind the tomato plants that were snaking up a knotted wood plank , was a girl .
but the blonde one just lifted her finger to lips , a skinny pale thing i glimpsed through the tomatoes .
i looked back at the girl behind the tomato plant and she was still there with her finger to her mouth , her eyes pleading with me not to say anything .
i had seen her , hiding behind that tomato plant .
his murderer had systematically pulped him from the inside , like a kid squashing tomatoes in a bowl .
and ketchup is made from tomatoes .
if it was , he was probably going to fill up mike 's galoshes with a partially processed grilled - cheese sandwich and some slightly used tomato soup .
he closed his eyes and began to take deep breaths , trying to picture a different item of food with each one : a tomato , a potato , an icecream sandwich , a brussels sprout .
weston 's usually pale face , under the bracing influence of the cold water , had assumed the colour of a ripe tomato , and his hair , which had naturally not been cut since he reached malacandra , was plastered in straight , lank masses across his forehead .
here was a vegetable garden , and two whores in shorts sliding long sticks - tomato - stakes , he supposed - into the ground .
not blood but tomatoes .
a twenty - foot row of fallen , rotting tomatoes .
rosie walked down an aisle formed by two ranks of brown and leaning cornstalks ( there was no way she was going to walk through those rotting tomatoes in her bare feet , feeling them burst beneath her soles ) , listening to the stony roar of a nearby stream .
she turned and grabbed two plates piled high with lettuce and fresh tomato .
` ` and tomatoes ? ''
does n't he mean squashed tomato ? ''
` ` i do n't think that they had tomatoes when he comes from , '' said bod .
bod picked out a piece of vinegary tomato , chewed it , and choked it down .
there were turkeys and geese and peacocks , there were boars ' heads and sides of venison , there were pies shaped like ships under full sail or like dragons and elephants , there were ice puddings and bright lobsters and gleaming salmon , there were nuts and grapes , pineapples and peaches , pomegranates and melons and tomatoes .
` ` i ' ve a couple of tomatoes in there mick 's wife gave me from her little greenhouse .
but this was only a small and vanishing shadow on his general complacency of spirit : his throat did not hurt quite so much , and gong su was now making another pot of soup , which temeraire expected to enjoy a great deal in the morning - flavored this time with the small yellow fruits of one of the bushes which temeraire had torn up ; tharkay had pointed it out as having been harvested a little by the aborigines , he thought , and an experimental taste had not caused any discomfort : a little sweetness , and a strong flavor rather like tomatoes , although they looked more nearly like raisins .
but there was his dad going on about planting extra tomatoes so they would have plenty to fry up green , and going fishing , and how gregor could join the school band again .
` ` oh , yeah , let 's move on down to virginia and plant those tomatoes , '' gregor thought .
cherise gave me a theatrically harassed look and made a production of ordering a salad , interrogating the pedigree of every tomato and carrot while she was at it .
as i was laying out tomatoes and onions , the better to make some homemade mexican food , the doorbell rang .
i paused on the way to the door to watch her take my knife and start a rapid - fire slice - and - dice of the tomato , as competent as any sushi chef .
i held up one finger to lewis and backtracked a couple of steps to look around the corner at sarah , who was finishing up chopping the tomato and sliding the mathematically perfect cubes into a bowl .
` ` and the tomatoes and onions are chopped already .
i stabbed a tomato wedge .
then she added the wine vinegar and reuben tossed more and then she served up this salad with sliced avocados and thin sliced tomatoes , and soft warm french bread from the oven , and they ate it together .
every kind of rice dish imaginable was offered , and heaps of raw carrots , broccoli , and tomatoes , which the health conscious were eagerly piling on their plates .
lisa stocked the refrigerator for him with yogurt , fresh fruit , avocados , tomatoes , and all the raw stuff he ate all day .
but when she got angry , her pale face turned tomato red , and that meant you might want to consider fleeing .
baba asked , stirring a large pot of something that smelled pleasantly of browned meat , tomatoes , and cheese .
evening is the smell of cooked tomatoes and mildew .
no chicken soup , i want tomato .
amy eats a tray of baked ziti and winds up covered with tomato sauce , a ring of red around her lips like a second mouth .
caroline had spent nearly an hour scrolling through recipes , reading about techniques for peeling tomatoes and how to make a perfect omelet , searching all the time for a code layered beneath the surface of the words , a message to her , to richard .
he swiped up the last of his meatloafs tomato sauce with a piece of bread and popped it into his mouth .
he should have his head examined for standing up a tomato like you .
the waiter appeared with a matching pair of cups and saucers and took their orders ; lobster salad with roquefort dressing for him , cream cheese and tomato sandwiches with a side of coleslaw for her .
the scent of swiss cheese and tomato sauce lingered on her skin .
she had a small plate of potato fries and tomato ketchup on the side along with a medium - sized sesame hamburger .
their walls were painted tomato red .
definitely not , george declared , this time stabbing a large piece of tomato .
he crammed the tomato into his mouth , and ignoring louisas looks of disapproval , kept talking with his mouth full .
miss frances norwood was the last of his visitors that day , and while she brought neither flowers nor tomato relish , she brought him things which were infinitely more welcome : her company , her smiling face , her conversation and a plate of raspberry muffins from riverview .
yes mrs collins , was all she said , and she waited patiently while mrs collins ladled some tomato soup into a bowl .
the richness of the oil - based marinade pairs very nicely with fresh greens , so i had a head of butter lettuce and some spring onions and tomatoes in the icebox .
fortunately , as he ladled the tomato sauce , friar otto heard that they were then miraculously re - headed .
sitting up , she smiled grinned watching him setting out chicken infused with thyme and sage , king prawns in a light marie rose sauce , fresh lettuce with chopped tomatoes , cucumber and the scent of coriander .
their faces were as red as tomatoes , and it would nt have surprised me if several of them were the next to hit the pavement .
he was thinking about the soups made out of his potatoes , barley , tomatoes , leek , carrots , cabbage , beans , onions and other vegetables .
his face was filled with compassion and joy shining like a red tomato in spring .
spring tomatoes were used to make sauces for the dishes .
his face was red like a tomato in full summer .
his right eye is split like a tomato .
he loved fresh tomatoes .
he could take a good ripe tomato and eat it by itself .
and still , after all these years , yer cheeks will turn the color of a tomato .
a tomato and olive oil - based linguine dish with kalamata olives , prawns and scallops .
yes its american fries ... with cheese and tomato sauce ... no ?
not tomato sauce - gravy !
i dive back behind the shelf , nearly knocking over a tower of tomato cans .
stewed tomatoes , peas , whipped potatoes and slices of spam .
i walked up to leonardo who was on his knees planting tomatoes outside our home .
having arrived home during the first week of december , he had missed the harvest , a backbreaking three to five - week process , depending on the extent of the crops of corn and tomatoes .
and there were pickled beets , pickled corn , and spiced tomatoes .
he walked through his newly whitewashed picket gate , and found phoebe in the garden on her knees , weeding her tomatoes .
; bacla with garlic and potatoes ; carciofi ripieni ; and peeled sweet peppers stuffed with breadcrumbs , anchovies , parsley , basil and peperoncino , sauted and cooked with chopped tomatoes .
two tins of tomatoes were sitting on the middle of the table , which was unusual but not really scary so much .
the air coming up through the vent smelled acidic but foul , like too - ripe tomatoes .
i bumped and scraped and left patches of skin and a few shirt buttons as i twisted downward toward the rotting tomato smell .
she could nt bite into a ripe tomato with those teeth , much less a person .
chunks of skull and brain blasted outwards , like stomping a tomato .
emil , helped by sari , sliced the bloody , spongy brains and put them on a platter with crackers , sliced goat cheese and sundried tomatoes .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
james turned to the nun as he grabbed salt from the shelf next to her head , and tomato sauce from above her .
my mom made macaroni and cheese with bits of bacon and onion , just the way i like it , with sliced tomato on top .
by then the soup and salad had arrived , but mary found it difficult to eat the cherry tomatoes .
soon , the food arrived : alexi 's works burger without lettuce , tomatoes , onions , mushrooms or cheese ; and angela 's bratwurst sausage on a bun with mustard .
the food was on the other end of the couch : a sandwich made of bologna , cheese , and tomato .
in some flowerpots in the corner , someone had made a half - hearted attempt to grow organic tomatoes .
by the time he dried off and dressed , the aroma of tomato sauce and hot steam from the kitchen made the place so steamy ; it felt like he was back up on the roof again .
maybe those boxes labeled with the contents of cans of tomato sauce and freshly frozen cuts of meat were full of sex toys or drugs and charlie was operating the grill as a front for a druggy bondage house and laughing at deputy marsters who moved his boxes of inequity to and fro for a cup of coffee , a powdered donut and a friendly smile .
next shelf down beside the tomato juice lay a dented pack of cigarettes , like some forgotten alien vegetable .
the air was heavy with the aromas of baking bread and homemade tomato sauce , and she had nt eaten anything since lunch .
it made a splash like he 'd jumped into a paddling pool filled with chunky tomato soup , spraying everyone with sloppy innards .
jams and jellies , squash , green beans , pickled okra , tomatoes , salsa , apple sauce , you name it ; it was there .
pickled green tomatoes .
i put a can of tomatoes in .
using my bruise wheel a small tub containing a four - colour wheel of concealer ( red , grey , purple and brown ) as well as some tomato sauce from the diner as blood , they looked undead enough to be able to blend in to the growing parade of zombies outside .
scrambled eggs with tomato sauce ?
he ignored them and poked his finger into a slice of tomato she 'd used as a garnish next to his raw sausages , which he had almost finished gorging himself on .
when he was finished , the tomato he 'd popped into his mouth as an experiment popped out from between his lips in a long , slimy line .
it was that unmistakable angelic mixture of beer , hickory and tomatoes .
in most mcdonalds stores even the lettuce is pre - shredded and the tomatoes pre - sliced .
but since she was nt going to college ... or anywhere else ... shed decided not to give the lettuce and tomatoes at mcdonalds much thought .
now they looked like two peeled tomatoes .
i lifted my foot and stomped the head as hard as i could ; smashing it like a rotten tomato .
why do nt vampires get our sustenance from tomatoes , if we were nt meant to kill ?
still there , trampling through the tomato vines she said , sounding mightily offended that our night - time visitor was causing damage to the cherry plumbs .
we moved slowly to the vegetable patch , i felt squashed tomatoes as my fingers grazed the ground .
` ` because your rosacea is horribleyour face looks like a tan tomato . ''
` ` i do n't said you to show your ugly faces to me now '' he shouted and we again turned to the picture , i can bet if my hippos ' would not have turned red like tomatoes '' i said in a very short voice so that it do not reach the old man .
beans , tomatoes and potatoes grew in regular rows along the floor .
she bought bread , tomatoes , olives , cold cuts , sliced cheese and two bottles of white wine .
there was a fairly substantial patty browned to perfection atop a beautiful bun with brilliant green leaves of lettuce and a thick slice of bright red tomato to top it off .
i took a bite of my tomato and cheese sandwich and enjoyed the yummy goodness of soft mozzarella and the sweet , juicy tomato .
i took a bite of my tomato and cheese sandwich and enjoyed the yummy goodness of soft mozzarella and the sweet , juicy tomato .
she was very sweet and loved to eat tomatoes from the garden and also enjoyed smoking marijuana with him , from time to time .
they d feasted on and eradicated his tomato plants and then moved on to his corn , which he used to make whiskey with a homemade still .
saturday , they ate all his tomatoes and some of his corn .
the corn stalks and tomato bushes were trampled or eaten , but far more infuriating to charlie , every single one of his nearly nine foot tall marijuana plants were gone .
i swear it looked like a fresh vine ripe tomato .
she says it makes me look dangerous ; sort of like an action hero , he said , striking a heroic pose while holding a slice of onion and tomato in each hand .
those women were probably drinking tomato juice spiked with some drug that jack put in their drinks .
but it had been worth the effort , or it would be in a few more weeks when the vegetables , peas , green beans , carrots , a few watermelon , and tomatoes , started to ripen .
before summer was out , sar also shared potatoes and tomatoes grown in the clearing with the group .
potatoes , carrots and tomato vines in another section where the sun could peek through the trees and provide enough light .
a moment later he became fully aware of the cellar 's fetid aroma '' a smell like rotting tomatoes .
i think a large can of tomatoes fell off the top shelf and hit her . ''
you knew when that can of tomatoes hit your wife on the head , because she transmitted the thought of pain to you - and you converted it back into physical sensation .
` ` i tell myself there 's something disgusting about a combination of cheese , tomato sauce , and dead fish ... but sometimes that shameful urge comes over me and i ca n't stand against it . ''
she had spied a few late tomatoes and crawled toward them with her hair hanging in her face .
the woman in the shredded blouse looked around for a moment , casually , then plucked another tomato and bit into it .
the woman stopped in the act of plucking another tomato , got up , and walked toward the east side of tom 's house .
so they dug the grave in the head 's garden behind the lodge and buried him among the beans and tomatoes .
he thought the barn , but he could n't be absolutely certain - it all ran together and if he thought too hard about it , it began to seem that the man with the flashlights on the sides of his head had also been the young man jabbing the car aerials , that mr . ricardi had killed himself by gobbling broken glass instead of hanging himself , and it had been alice in tom 's garden , eating cucumbers and tomatoes .
i went to the fridge and rummaged out some bologna and a tomato that did n't look as if it was working .
and he could smell it , oh god he could smell it and the smell was like rotting tomatoes , the smell was death .
the cop squeezed the baggie with one oversized thumb as if it were a tomato .
' there 's tomato , chicken , and i think maybe a can of chunky sirloin .
not to mention all those science - fiction movies where the aliens arrive , everything from the day the earth stood still to the attack of the killer tomatoes .
he died of a heart attack two months later , in tamazunchale 's open - air market , while dickering for fresh tomatoes .
made me think of how tomatoes get when they ' ve gone rotten under the skin .
here was their mother when she was young and impossibly gorgeous ; here their father , no more than eighteen , one of a trio of smiling rifle - toting young men standing over the open - eyed corpse of a deer ; uncle hoyt standing on some rocks and holding up a pickerel ; aunt fortuna , at the derry agricultural fair , kneeling proudly beside a basket of tomatoes she had raised ; an old buick automobile ; a church ; a house ; a road that went from somewhere to somewhere .
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
none of them , not even belch , went out to the bowers farm under ordinary circumstances - primarily because of henry 's crazy father but also because they always ended up helping henry do his chores : the weeding , the endless rock - picking , the lugging of wood , the toting of water , the pitching of hay , the picking of whatever happened to be ripe at the time of the season - peas , cukes , tomatoes , potatoes .
these boys were not exactly allergic to work , but they had plenty to do at their own places without sweating for henry 's kooky father , who did n't much care who he hit ( he had once taken a length of stovewood to victor criss when the boy dropped a basket of tomatoes he was lugging out to the roadside stand ) .
ole belch smelled , in fact , like a bushel - basket of tomatoes that had gone bad and watery .
henry was again reminded of tomatoes going quietly putrescent in some shadowy shed comer .
his face was as red as a beefsteak tomato .
the shop ' n ' save was very large , lighted with fluorescent bars set into the ceiling , and filled with ladies pushing carts and admonishing children and frowning at tomatoes wrapped in see - through plastic that would not allow a good squeeze .
he was remembering the cold - pantry his mother had kept in the other house , and how one year three bushel baskets of tomatoes had gone bad down there in the dark .
this smell was like that , like the smell of tomatoes decaying into putrescence .
except i was n't a nice plant like a rose bush , nor a useful plant like a tomato vine .
a hundred boxes of dried milk ( hallorann advised her gravely to buy fresh milk for the boy in sidewinder as long as it was feasible ) , five twelve - pound bags of sugar , a gallon jug of blackstrap molasses , cereals , glass jugs of rice , macaroni , spaghetti ; ranked cans of fruit and fruit salad ; a bushel of fresh apples that scented the whole room with autumn ; dried raisins , prunes , and apricots ( ` ` you got to be regular if you want to be happy , '' hallorann said , and pealed laughter at the coldpantry ceiling , where one old - fashioned light globe hung down on an iron chain ) ; a deep bin filled with potatoes ; and smaller caches of tomatoes , onions , turnips , squashes , and cabbages .
the fist looped down again and nick 's nose became a squashed and dripping tomato .
` ` you could n't skin a tomato , '' she said amiably , then turned back to the shelves .
frannie put the spade down on the edge of the hole - she was digging in the garden , between the tomatoes and the lettuces - and turned around , a little afraid .
trash - chey , trashcan - sometimes he knew those voices were n't real , but sometimes he would cry out loud for them to stop , only to realize that the only voice was his voice , hitting back at him from the houses and storefronts , bouncing off the cinderblock wall of the scrubba - dubba car wash where he used to work and where he now sat on the morning of june 30 , eating a big sloppy sandwich of peanut butter and jelly and tomatoes and gulden 's diablo mustard .
you can smell the same thing in any of the fair - sized towns we ' ve traveled thru , it 's a smell like decayed tomatoes , and oh god i ' m crying again , but is it right for people not just to die but then to stink like wait ( later ) there , i ' ve had my second good cry of the day , whatever can be happening to l'il fran goldsmith , our gal sal , who used to be able to chew up nails and spit out carpet tacks , ha - ha , as the old saying goes .
why it was so horrible none of them could have said , but when it turned your way you felt as if your blood had turned to hot tomato soup in your veins .
mercifully , the waitress arrived with toast in a rack and a stubby glass of tomato juice .
jack hurried outside , still trying to swallow his mouthful of ground chuck , limp bread , pickles , lettuce , tomatoes , and sauce .
liz chimed in again , speaking with the composed and pleasant voice of a woman addressing a gardening club - perhaps on the subject of when to plant corn , or how to tell when your tomatoes will be ready for harvesting .
sarah dried her hands , snapped off the radio , and pried speedy tomato out of denny 's hands .
his head throbbed like a tomato full of hot , expanding blood .
` ` bigger tomatoes with a longer growing season , '' dick said sagely , and then went back to showing me how i could help my family most efficiently by dying young .
` ` she wants some tomatoes and cucumbers . ''
i got tomatoes , cukes , and a jar of mayonnaise .
even alden sang , who in the normal course of events would sing only ` ` onward , christian soldiers '' and the doxology in church and would mouth the words of all the rest with his head hunched and his big old jug ears just as red as tomatoes .
bobbi 's patch of garden was going great guns c the corn was taller than any gardener had seen on his way north from arcadia beach , and her tomatoes were going to be blue ribbon winners .
' for my first trick , the disappearing tomato ! '
he pulled a tomato out of his box of ' magic supplies ' and held it up .
' i would like a volunteer from the audience to verify this is a real tomato and not just a fake or something .
he pointed at his father , who just waved wearily and said , ' it 's a tomato , hilly , i can see that . '
hilly stooped , put the tomato in the center of the white sheet covering the crate , and then covered it with one of his mother 's silk scarves .
i ca n't believe i ' m sitting out here in the sun , watching this spoiled brat put tomatoes through trapdoors just so i can sell a bottle of perfume to his mother .
the return of the disappearing tomato ! '
' and for those of you who 're thinking anything stupid like trapdoors , well , i guess even stupid people must know that a person could make a tomato go down through a trapdoor , but he 'd have a pretty hard time trying to make it come back up , would n't he ? '
hilly whipped it triumphantly off to reveal the tomato again .
hilly had planned to work his way up from the tomato trick to his grand finale , and it was a good plan , as far as it went .
from the disappearing tomato and the return of the disappearing tomato , hilly pushed grimly on to the disappearing radio ( his father 's , considerably lighter with its eight d - cell batteries now in the guts of the gadget under the platform ) and the return of same .
from the disappearing tomato and the return of the disappearing tomato , hilly pushed grimly on to the disappearing radio ( his father 's , considerably lighter with its eight d - cell batteries now in the guts of the gadget under the platform ) and the return of same .
the tomato came back , and the radio , and the lawn chair .
even the tomato was picked , and daddy said once you pick something it 's not really alive anymore .
a busload of national guardsmen from bangor ran off the road , struck a tree , and exploded when the driver 's brain simply burst like a tomato loaded with a cherry - bomb .
` ` the tomato juice ! ''
` ` bring in the tomato juice ! ''
in the sixties , vic thought , she would have been in a commune , diligently picking bugs off tomato plants .
but his groans evolve into something like growls , and he picks himself back up , his face tomato red , his eyes wet , and his teeth clenched .
the blood , when it flows , flows dense and diluvial over the earth - first red like tomatoes then brown like mud then black like char .
it was ham , the sandwich , with mustard and tomatoes from her own garden .
he takes a slice of tomato from the table and tries to feed it to her , but when she does n't open her mouth he slides it across her lips as though he were applying a stick of lip rouge .
there is a full community here , and as the two men enter , they are greeted with serene nods by the residents : plainly dressed men and women who are carrying baskets of tomatoes or digging in the earth with hoes or stitching up child - sized overalls .
igod , they used to sell tomatoes by the count to the bushel .
igod , the real secret to big tomato growing was using the right kind of manure .
but , igod , they sure did give old man fox the right kind of tomato growing manure .
igod , ill tell you , a tomato patch like that had tomato worms as big as igod garter snakes .
igod , ill tell you , a tomato patch like that had tomato worms as big as igod garter snakes .
igod , she made tomato sauce from just them two ; the way i remember it , igod she got some twenty - eight quarts from em .
now mind you i was not there at the time but igod i was told that the whole dang town smelt like burnt tomatoes and sour mash whiskey for nearly three months afterwards .
page thirty two has tomato seeds stuck on it .
the cheddar was evolving nicely into blue cheese and something revolting had happened to the tomatoes in the vegetable compartment .
neither are smashed tomatoes and corn flakes reduced to dust , molly replied as she surveyed the damage .
the romantic dinner was a light , bistro - style dinner of oatmeal - crusted chicken , with tomatoes , mushrooms , and lemon sage cream sauce , which michelle would have made for edouard as part of their late - night tete - a - tay , as jock called it several times .
the royal chef does tend to be rather over - enthusiastic with her use of tomatoes .
tonight , supper will be penne with tomato and basil and a salad .
rockaburgers had nt changed : same outside tables , same big windows painted black at the bottoms and the same corny signa humanized hamburger , wearing a wwi german helmet , dancing with a ketchup bottle with lettuce trees and tomato trees in the background .
why for a moment there , i thought he might just out right explode he swole up and turned as red as a ripe tomato .
chapter eight i m warning you junior junior , the next time that horse you call a dog comes over to my house and digs a hole in my front lawn while on his way to my tomato garden to take a dump , i m going to call chief barley and file a complaint .
the fourth had actually brought in a bacon cheeseburger with tomato slices and barbeque sauce , which he was holding under the textbook and biting into whenever jonathan turned to the board .
` ` i chop up a fresh tomato when i can afford it . ''
this is a not unlike tomatoes , not in taste , texture or fragrance even , but in that i do nt know whether its a fruit or a vegetable .
either way though , its cooked with saltfish , onions and tomatoes and is consumed for breakfast ; i absolutely love it despite it being a bloody nightmare to peel .
it d be a place for all , even italian restaurateurs who claim that stale toast with a little tomato and a spot of olive oil is bruschetta and charge twelve dollars a plate for same .
the windowsills are grimy , the tabletop dusty and stained with tomato sauce .
a tv ad showing inca indians high in the mountains of mexico , show them toiling under the crushing sun , sweating , struggling with rudimentary tools made of fallen trees or ox bone or something , all to produce the perfect tomato , the perfect pepper that will go into the making of sombrero salsa .
two toasted buns , a chicken patty with our special sauce , tomato and lettuce , and a delicious drink such as our singapore candy cane shake and a mouthwatering side like our mexican jumped beans or chinese great wall of fries all this for only $ 3.99 .
zeke moved over to the right toward his kitchen and grabbed a couple of tomatoes and a cucumber .
after awhile , she started to see pears , tomatoes , plums , and already sliced fresh orange and avocado pieces floating ahead of her .
he picked up a tomato that had been wrinkled with black spots on it .
currently the muse of michael tomatoes he scratched her in pastel , smudged her outline , reading her skin through the pigment as he whorled his fingers , flat tones softened into contours .
in death as in life , thought michael tomatoes , looking left and right , checking his mirrors , creeping out of a junction .
victim to his own imagination , michael tomatoes was a world of obtuse angles and acute bends , twists and vistas in his sensory tree - scape he peopled with chimeras and animated using anything from somnolent old ladies in the park ( the fungal excretions of sodden wooden benches , decades of old lady sweat having warped their pithy dna ) to blurred sepulchral visages glimpsed through the windows of passing ghost trains ; these last common enough , as locomotives and their carriages often whistled past his toes in the most unlikely places .
he enlisted michael tomatoes .
his heart broken , michael tomatoes had immersed himself in paint and wood .
tinned tomatoes then .
what actually happened was that the heavens opened and the ribbon gained an adhesive quality that left michael tomatoes glued to an information kiosk , just two metres into his jaunt , the bright fibre of anarchy sticking out behind him like a cartoon tongue .
a strange mode of procreation ; just a phone call away delicious thin - based cheese n tomato pepperoni with green peppers and mozzarella .
seven or eight , junior school balsa - wood submarines and plastic soldiers his concerns , battles pitched and submerged , on paper and in colour , hand painted and flatly drawn , the perspective of depth not yet matured in the young tomatoes imagination .
the pseudonym was his : michael tomatoes .
pain , spake michael tomatoes , in the full throes of a hangover .
tomatoes , said harriet ; you can fry tomatoes .
tomatoes , said harriet ; you can fry tomatoes .
we ' ve got tomatoes , edgar said .
tas had been busy and by the time he got there had two plates ready with the tomatoes , feta cheese , olives , bread and sliced meat they had bought along with the vino .
the two streets of houses had quite long gardens on the southern and western sides so the place got plenty of light for plant growing which was mainly cash crops such as tomatoes and cucumbers .
but i m just talking nonsense now , you could nt keep a secret if it taped your mouth shut and drowned you in my tomato sauce .
but i m just talking nonsense now , you could nt keep a secret from a handsome man if it taped your mouth shut and drowned you in my tomato sauce .
his only love was his garden back in west virginia , and how his tomato plants were getting along .
maybe , but how will my tomatoes look in a few weeks ?
every morning he d go out to that garden , and if he saw even so much as a shadow of a lady bug or an aphid or any other kind of bug on one of his tomato plants , he d whip his little rubber band pistol out of his pocket and shoot that bug so fast it would make your head swim !
i ca nt leave , replied mitch calmly , as he filled a pitcher of water to take out to his tomato plants .
his skin turned redder than an overripe tomato .
but i just got some fresh lettuce , tomatoes and baby carrots as a gift from the widow holbrook down the streetand they look delicious !
after slicing several more heads of lettuce this way , mitch tossed a tomato in the air , and quick as a wink had sliced it into dozens of tiny , tasty looking pieces which fell in a perfect circle around the outer edge of the bowl .
` ` hmmm ... '' murmured mitch as he stooped over to brush an ant from the leaf of one of his tomato plants .
he thought carefully for a moment , while stroking the vine of one of his tomato plants in the window .
when mitch got back to his office , he found joe slug lounging in his chair with his feet propped up on the desk , dangerously close to mitchs potted tomato plants .
he left the four farmers in his office ( each one had taken over his own jail cell in order to be more comfortable ) with strict instructions to water his zuchini and tomato plants , but without a word about where he was going .
some said he was writing a long last letter to his mother , while others said he was counting his cherry tomato plants for the last time .
` ` sorry , cousin , '' said mitch as he watered the tomato plants in his windowsill .
many of his ripe tomatoes went unpicked and his watermelons actually started to shrivel .
it was so quiet you could almost hear a ladybug walking across the leaf of one of mitchs wilting tomato plants in the window .
mitch picked up his watering can and went over to the cherry tomato plants on his windowsill .
mitch just shook his head with a smile and went back to watering his cherry tomato plants .
i honestly really do nt like the new owners of the bakeries ; they put sun - dried tomatoes in everything .
we looked at one another , dismayed at any use of sun - dried tomatoes .
i was as red as a tomato .
moo pierced a cherry tomato with her fork , drawing my eyes back to her .
jeremy turned into a tomato .
you like to garden , i murmured as i stared at his tomato plants and rose bushes , which were in full blossom .
he had become quite fond of his little patch of land with its rows of carrots , beets and the occasional tomato plant .
her face was as red as a tomato , a love apple whose cheeks he dare not touch , whose flesh he was as close to now as he had ever been , the wind in the branches the draught from the caf doors , the moment that before his own precipitous fall ... henry captured it using a borrowed polaroid .
conrad ordered the clam chowder and a glass of tomato juice .
i could feel my cheeks turning tomato red .
` ` only because i sang a jolly song about crushed tomatoes very loud until you gave up ! ''
` ` i ' ve only lost that bit of tomato i 'd been saving .
first out are several large , thick , pork sausages followed by some rather small , crinkly pickled onions and some smooth , rubbery , hard - boiled eggs and some ripe , firm tomatoes and some even firmer , thicker , creamier bananas .
yo - yo helps himself to some tomatoes and , digging in his pocket , some ham and some pork pies he procured from what used to be scott 's of petergate .
unsurprisingly , he is n't allowed tomatoes in gillworthy .
it is armed with torches and pitchforks , tar and feathers , large , blunted garden shears , stocks , a ducking stool and several sacks of rotten tomatoes , stinky old eggs and sloppy , wet dog - turds .
two sausages , two bacon rashers , a fried egg , hash browns , baked beans , tomatoes , mushrooms , toast and tea , all for 4 .
he is pursued by a roaring , fist - shaking , pitchfork - waving mob and several pounds of tomatoes and eggs .
she has spread out a red - and - white checked tablecloth and placed upon it sausage rolls in flaky pastry , vol - au - vents with creamy mushroom fillings , pork pies , sliced hard - boiled eggs , diced cucumber chunks , halved tomatoes , salmon and cottage - cheese sandwiches , ginger beer , lemonade , apples , oranges and chocolate mini - rolls .
hussein handed ali the plastic bag bulging with aubergines , tomatoes and cucumbers .
by the time the last chest was carted away by a parasitic buyer , timmy was eating nothing but tomato paste .
poor nicholas has acid reflux and he ca n't eat onions or tomatoes or garlic or citrus and i feel like i have to learn how to cook all over again .
stinky 's stately cranium was now laden in an outbreak of small beady sweat , making him appear similar to a bulging garden tomato that had been hosed off and left out in the afternoon sunshine .
this served as the harbinger for the abundant aerial crop hailed upon us : tomatoes , cucumbers , bananas , eggs and pumpkins were included in the variety of items striking me from the waist up .
they were kind enough to overlook the drying tomato seeds on my transaction slip and even allowed me to dip into the complimentary hard - candy dish upon concluding our commerce .
not tomato sauce .
all right not tomato sauce then .
use sieved tomatoes .
the basil and the oregano are chiefly for the tomatoes they are companions as close as the marx brothers .
bit of toasted bread , with chopped tomato , onion , garlic , mozzarella , olives and ham on top .
butter coating a generous amount of flour , whipped egg , breadcrumbs garnishing : 2 leaves of cabbage , 1 whole tomato , cooking oil to taste ( 1 ) remove the skin of the pumpkin , and cut into bite - sized pieces .
( 4 ) to create the garnishing , slice the cabbage , cut the tomato into eight sections , and serve on a plate with the croquettes .
he removed the warm wilted rocket , the splayed slice of gherkin and the limp excuse for a tomato , then after rolling the sorry salad into the damp film that had long lost its ability to cling , he pushed the moist bundle to the side .
the girls had a light dinner , a few pieces of chicken and a small dish of pasta with oregano and organic tomato sauce .
me and my tomato soup .
and please no tomato unless you have pasta sauce that you can put on top like when my dad makes it .
it was thin and crispy flat bread with spinach pesto , melted mozzarella and a blend of fresh basil , diced tomatoes , garlic and olive oil .
arnold even managed to amaze the reverend colin when they devoured a couple of cheese and tomato sandwiches to maintain their energy levels .
shall i tell you something about tomatoes , colin ?
now , that i can understand , said the reverend , i ve not had a decent tomato for years .
mind you , wild tomatoes are sexual but your farm - version is self - fertile .
the roll of honour before him included enough sustenance for the village cricket team , and possibly one or two members of the second eleven , but arnolds juices were undoubtedly coming to life as he ran his disbelieving eyes over a small mountain of bacon , a battalion of sausages , fried tomatoes , a sliced truncheon of black pudding , chestnut mushrooms , devilled kidneys , fried bread and a steaming bowl of baked beans which had mercifully survived wheatsheafs singing .
she was nibbling at her lunch sliced hard - boiled egg on a bed of lettuce and tomato .
joe chuckled to himself as he went into the storeroom and reappeared with an industrial - sized bottle of tomato sauce .
he picked up a squeeze bottle of tomato sauce from the workbench , unscrewed the top and began to fill it from the larger bottle .
slipping on a pair of fluorescent pink rubber gloves , he picked up the large bottle of tomato sauce and upended it over joes head .
toothless stanleys black bean and salsa soup 1 onion , minced 1 - 1/2 cups salsa 2 teaspoons garlic salt 4 cubes beef bouillon 2 15 - ounce cans of black beans , not drained 2 14.5 - ounce cans of diced tomatoes 3 stalks celery 2 tablespoons minced garlic 8 ounces of sliced swiss cheese , divided 1 .
we set about the task of avoiding the subject which was the reason for our gathering by filling our plates with a pasta caprese made with leannies home - grown tomatoes .
fine , ill go and get the tomato juice .
at last kirk returned with a case of huge cans of tomato juice .
kirk sat down on the deck to let the tomato juice soak in for a few minutes .
her too blonde hair now looked like a scene in a b - rate zombie move and tomato juice was mixing with her mascara , running down her face , and making her wince .
she flung the window open wide then and began throwing empty tomato juice cans out the second story bathroom window at poor alex .
oh , my god , he just shook all over me and i m going to have to put tomato juice all over myself again !
he would nt be in your house if you had nt thrown the damned tomato juice cans at him in the first place !
we could nt see what was going on inside but from our vantage point we did watch as the windows in several different rooms were suddenly covered with red slime as alex was obviously trying to shake free of the tomato juice bath .
i could nt see if he was wagging his tail as the vettes windows were smeared with tomato juice , but i m confident he was as happy as we were .
the only way i know , i answered , is tomato juice .
mom , josh said , turning to me , can you go pick up the tomato juice for me ?
upon closer inspection i realized that he had picked up several cans of tomato paste , not tomato juice .
you re going to have to go back to the store to get tomato juice , not tomato paste .
you re going to have to go back to the store to get tomato juice , not tomato paste .
layer four 4 roma tomatoes , diced 1 bunch green onions , finely chopped 2 cups shredded mexican - style cheese blend 1 ( 2.25 ounce ) can black olives - drained and finely chopped in a 9 '' x 13 '' baking dish spread the refried beans .
top with tomatoes , green onions , mexican - style cheese blend and black olives .
lucys spicy taco soup 1 - 1/2 pounds hamburger 1 large onion 2 tablespoons minced garlic 1 package taco seasoning 1 12 - ounce bag of frozen corn 1 16 - ounce can kidney beans 1 14 - ounce can diced tomatoes 1 14 - ounce can tomato sauce 1/3 cup chopped canned jalapeno peppers water to cover the above ingredients 1 cup sharp cheddar cheese in a soup pot , brown hamburger , onion , and garlic .
add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and jalapeno peppers .
add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and jalapeno peppers .
the last word trails away , replaced by a grunt and the sound of someone squeezing the last bit of ketchup out of the plastic tomato condiment at the local wimpy bar .
by 9.00am , we have packed the ford ready for our journey home , though not before mum and stephen have shared a breakfast of bacon , egg , sausage , beans , black pudding , tomatoes , and fried bread with our hospitable neighbours .
the restaurant cooks their chicken in tomato sauce recipe for ten hours , and it is delicious , especially when paired with a 100 % grenache based chateauneuf du pape with a few years of age on it .
all he was doing down there was growing tomatoes .
played with the plants , sat down and drank a glass of malbec , played with the plants some more , drank some more wine , asked his neighbors how many tomatoes they wanted tomorrow , and went to bed .
it always sounded like a really boring life , just growing tomatoes all day .
his grandfather always got shot multiple times , his blood , before it flowed into the dirt , matching the deep red color of the tomatoes on the vines , just a few feet away .
sometimes his father said the assassins picked a few tomatoes and took them with them , the way the guys in the godfather took the cannolis after killing the snitch in the car , and sometimes his father said they ate the tomatoes right there , like apples , looking at the dead ex - nazi commander upon whom they had exacted vengeance .
sometimes his father said the assassins picked a few tomatoes and took them with them , the way the guys in the godfather took the cannolis after killing the snitch in the car , and sometimes his father said they ate the tomatoes right there , like apples , looking at the dead ex - nazi commander upon whom they had exacted vengeance .
one time he told the story he said one of the assassins went into the house , came out with a salt shaker , and sprinkled salt on the tomatoes he ate like apples while watching the nazi die .
stirgs team found the tomato grower , and they assassinated him .
the assassins did shoot him , but they did nt stand and eat tomatoes off the vine while they watched the guys blood flow into the dirt .
what they did do after shooting him was to prop him in a sitting position on the ground of the garden , take a wooden stake that was one inch wide by one inch thick by four feet long from one of the tomato plants , with a point on the end that went into the soil , tilt the nazis head back , put the pointed end in his mouth , and drive the stake down his throat , through his stomach and intestinal track , out his asshole , and into the grass on which he sat .
it did nt take much , with him knowing his heritage vis a vis his grandfather , the former real live nazi living in argentina , who someone evil had murdered , and left sitting upright in the garden next to his beloved tomato vines .
upright but not moving , and with a tomato stake sticking out of his mouth and his asshole .
the nns also had intelligence networks , and it was through one of these that stirg had been identified as the mastermind of the assassination of that particular expatriate nazi , the best tomato grower in all of argentina .
all he was doing was growing tomatoes out in the garden , and this guy killed him .
all my granddad was doing was growing tomatoes .
i did nt personally kill anyone who was growing tomatoes out in his garden , but i was a commander , and i had agents that i sent out on missions .
here you go , i said , handing him the tomato drink .
the shelves behind the glass and down below are crammed full with soup and tomato cans , glass jelly and pickle jars , wax paper bags , mason jars , cigar boxes and tobacco tins .
gwen took a bite of her fried green tomato with pimento cheese spread sandwich .
i asked mum , picking a piece of squashed tomato off the sole of my trainer .
a 1/2 pound patty medium well topped with sharp cheddar , two thick crispy pieces of hickory smoked bacon , lettuce , tomato and onion on a potato roll .
then a slice of tomato , a leaf of lettuce and a ... a patty of ground beef so exquisite , swirling in your mouth , breaking apart , and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savor so delightful .
there is n't an app for this in my life i ' ve learned there are many things that , if i had to , i could live without ; warm showers , major league baseball , sun - dried tomatoes and reruns of saved by the bell to name a few .
then he smelled the wine in the decanter , set a saut pan on the range , and got shallots , garlic , and tomatoes out of the pantry .
roger , whose back was to gwen as he stirred the shallots , garlic , and tomatoes in the olive oil , now turned around to face her .
and your great achievement in your well - earned retirement from the creative life is learning that you do nt boil the pasta for forty minutes before serving it with your hamburger and canned tomato sauce ?
the others watched her as she talked with him , motioning out towards the theater , telling him that is your canvas , you re better that rembrandt , you have all the tools to make something unique and great , you can do it in five weeks , then three weeks of performances , and then you can go back to manhattan and play with your pasta dough and tomatoes .
condiments , onions , pickles , lettuce and tomatoes were placed on the breakfast bar .
i remember i was holding a tomato when i saw her , a short round woman kissing a younger man by the deli cheese section .
thanks , i said , and just for i moment i thought she 's going to steal my tomato , and that 's when i should have walked out .
my hand jolted so that a cherry tomato fell off my fork .
slev and gale decided to poach the fish and shrimp together in a provencal tomato sauce , loaded with shallots and garlic .
soon the fish fillets went into one large pot of tomato sauce on the propane stove , while sliced potatoes and carrots simmered in the same tomato sauce in another .
soon the fish fillets went into one large pot of tomato sauce on the propane stove , while sliced potatoes and carrots simmered in the same tomato sauce in another .
roger hardly could wait to show everyone how well champagne went with this tomato based seafood dish .
the sounds of talking and laughing , people touching , the table loaded with august tomatoes , sliced with cucumbers , drowning in olive oil , vinegar , and lemon juice .
it served them in tomato sauce , in beef sauce , in cream sauce , in garlic sauce , and in a hot hungarian goulash type sauce .
he told them the best dish was the one in which they sauted the julienne cut potatoes in corn oil with tomatoes , red pepper sauce , and garlic .
when the dishes were uncovered , roger and gwen saw a main dish composed of onions , garlic , potatoes ( of course ) , beef , and tomato paste .
there were two kinds of fried potatoes , pan - fried sheepshead fillets , eggs scrambled with onions and tomatoes , orange juice , melonballs , and a gallon of coffee .
after a moment , she began to smile and her cheeks turned as red as a cherry tomato .
i switch to the tomato side and take a bite .
in a split second the tomato sauce and crust affix themselves to the roof of my mouth in a vacuum suction move that could not be replicated if i tried .
it is my turn and i resist the temptation to ask for an eggbeater omelet with goats milk cheese and a slice of tomato .
i glanced between him and my car ; freedom from this insanity was so close , but i expected him to turn the shade of a tomato at any moment .
28 - the troubles ( goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatoes , menacing stranger ) ` ` george ? ''
well , i have nt got much buthow about some fried green tomatoes ? ''
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
dollar pizza joints work well , and you can count tomato sauce as a vegetable , cheese as calcium , and bread as your carbohydrates .
you will feel moistness and smell something that resembles rotten tomato sauce .
it looks like a python eating a plus - sized beefsteak tomato .
one afternoon found woody helping otto planting tomato plants out back .
the prices go up in the winter , the supplies verge on rationed , but lettuce and tomatoes are consistently available .
gen inspects the spinach lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , bell peppers , red onions , black olives , in addition to our select meats , cheeses and dressings .
no tomato .
help yourself to a dubonnet and tomato juice .
alice was n't sure which was odder - a three - foot plumber , the sight of him talking to the groin of a seven - foot headless barman , or anyone who drank dubonnet and tomato juice .
its something like t -y - k - e for tomatoes , yams , keesh and eggplant , right ?
lime juice is greenish , lemon juice s yellowish , tomato juice is tomato - reddish .
ok , ok , ill have jinny take him out and show him where the tomato patch is so he does nt go there .
richard conferred with the dog as to his preferences , which , surprise surprise , amounted to meatloaf with no tomato sauce on it , while gale sat at the table and dialed her phone .
the foodstuff looked like a circular piece of crusty bread , covered in a tomato sauce and cheese and fried in oil .
first thing saturday morning i drove again into town and bought a pound of hamburger , some onions , some tomatoes , sliced cheese , buns and a head of lettuce .
i gave her my salad and i ate four burgers with onions , tomato , cheese and ketchup .
we have a garden full of lemon and orange trees , tomatoes , artichokes , zucchini and eggplants .
then she came to the table with an herbed pork roast , cauliflower in a cheese sauce and a salad with spinach , tomatoes , cucumbers and a marvelous dressing that she invented .
at the cottage she was just just helen , the gal next door , talking about tv episodes and reciting the private names she gave some of the birds on the lake , like georgie and barbie and sam the great blue heron , and how carrots improve the taste of spaghetti sauce and why her green lasagna was better than the tomato variety .
we 'll have that , along with blood pudding , blood sausage , and the special tomato sauce . ''
` ` goat cheese , tomatoes , lettuce , olives and cucumbers .
` ` especially with a bit of tomato ketchup , '' said digger , pushing past demo 's leitmotiv and thrusting his face into the tall grass .
a single rose amongst the hail of rotten tomatoes and eggs .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
the most obvious one was to fight their way out , but first let 's see what they 're up against : a thin , towering tomato plant with two bulbous tomato fists punching together and rocking on two tomato feet -- a car - sized tumbleweed with its brambles acting as its legs , looking like a bony spider -- a man - shaped cacti plant made up of connecting biscuit - shaped segments with long needles protruding from its body , including three on either hand that made it look like wolverine claws -- snake - sized celery stalks with white feelers protruding from their heads -- a corn stalk with a cob for a head -- and a dark green mass of moss -- oooh , the odds did not look good for our heroes .
i look to logan , who is covered in tape and smacking a wooden spoon on the tomato sauce can .
neville looked like a platypus in a striped academic gown with spots of mustard and tomato ketchup .
the heat hit her in the face , and the smell of ripe tomatoes , peas and carrots filled her nostrils .
sean approached the barbeque where madge and gladys were frying and burning ham , tomato and bread for toasted sandwiches .
like fried green tomatoes or banana slippers !
how do you tell rich from poor people , that it is okay or not okay to throw tomatoes at them ?
in the gunmans breath dean smelled rotten meat and tomatoes .
and how about potting those cherry tomatoes i bought yesterday ? ''
` ` you ca n't possibly ruin cherry tomatoes . ''
i went off to the veranda to dispose of the cherry tomato plants .
for an investment of twenty dollars and hours of my labor , ben had collected ten tiny tomatoes .
i threw the dead tomato plant skeletons in the compost box and said to ben , ` ` you and george are doing such a good job of training nicky that i 'll leave you to it .
ben said , ` ` i hope you draw better than you raise tomatoes . ''
` ` or grow tomatoes , '' ben added .
` ` we put two cans of stewed tomatoes under that corner .
as i turned off the lights in the living room , i heard gareth say , ` ` they really do have two tins of stewed tomatoes holding up one corner of the couch .
knowing him , that means the stewed tomatoes stay where they are until he does a new one . ''
` ` or tomato sauce , '' said clack .
it must be tomato juice .
since when do you drink tomato juice ?
` ` the tomatoes are too green . ''
now , lets get this rotten tomato in the wrap . ''
? harmin boole 's wife lay sleeping , or possibly otherwise , in the cemetery on the other side of the lake , diagonal from shell park , facing tomato .
they were temporarily stopped in at the tomato grocery , the local eating establishment for the responsibly - minded , due to a sudden thunderstorm 's lively lashing downpour , and the rain had finally let up sufficiently for leaving purposes .
artie screamed while performing his twice - daily ' waltzing matilda ' down the hall , bouncing off the rails , five long months after his spectacular nose - dive splat onto the filthy alley off of tomato .
saragina called the hospital on the tomato grocery outside the payphone .
a smile split the oniony one 's red face , reminding veda of a bursting tomato .
` ` cheese and tomato .
the port director was ok , but his gossiping gaggle of an office staff leaked secrets quicker than water through the certified 100 % effective soaker hose he used at home on his tomato plants .
` ` this really is as a hot tomato . ''
not tomato . ''
tony was building a head of steam and his face was turning red as an overripe tomato at mastic mendez ' second hand fruit and vegetable stand over on first street .
pablo , however , also immediately had a revelatory moment at close to the land speed record set at the bonneville salt flats when a stray 9 mm slug banged into his taco cart and sprayed him with fragments of the fresh tomatoes he ripped off just that morning from a corporate farm truck heading towards the border .
carter , embarrassed , felt like his face must ve been as red as the tomato sauce .
we added garlic , tomatoes , peppers , onions , and italian seasoning to a large pot and mixed it all up , dumping the now - dark brown butter into the mix .
i had a coffee on haight street and planted roma tomatoes in my backyard garden while my roof - top solar panels collected enough energy to heat the stove .
his eyes were beady and red as tomatoes and he reeked of pot .
' i 'll have a grilled tomato sandwich and a glass of orange juice . '
and below that lay a delicious tomato based sauce , and it was all put on top of a freshly baked crust !
the way the lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , peppers , onions , and other fruits and vegetables clung together on one bush made it extremely difficult to traverse .
in truth he was thinking about the cheese and tomato sandwich he had in his locker .
all those grounds from thousands of cups of coffee tossed in the rubbish when i could have been growing prize tomatoes .
yeah , that s because , according to the tomato , he had the hots for one of your girls , added wanda .
the tomato , that s reds wife - to - be , danielle told john .
i think red and the tomato got over the call girl thing , but i do nt know about the other fiasco , commented wanda .
yeah , to the tomato , and wait until you see her .
then one day he went into town and came back with the tomato , whose real name is beverly .
mother and the tomato did nt hit it off too well .
* everyone was standing and talking in the yard when the cabin door opened and beverly the tomato stepped out onto the shaded porch .
here comes my lovely tomato now , said red , running up to the porch to escort her down .
the tomato walked out into the sunlight and stole the day .
the tomato gave no indication that her grand entrance had been marred and continued down the steps .
the tomato demanded in a deep , rolling voice .
the tomato took one more step , hauled her arm back , and punched billy right between the eyes , knocking him down to his front knees .
announced the tomato as billy shook his head , probably trying to clear his vision .
no one had gauged the strength of the tomato , having been caught off guard by her outfit .
asked the tomato , sitting at the kitchen table with jed , martha , and red , shucking corn for dinner .
asked the tomato .
red , you did nt tell me ricky the rat would be coming , said the tomato .
the tomato probably does nt like him smoking , so he hides it here .
i hope the tomato can hold her booze .
only once was there any movement from the brides chambera call for more beer from the tomato herself .
the tomato called for red , who came to the door , received his instructions through the slight opening , and then brought two twelve - packs , slipping them through and then retreating .
they do nt like the tomato and refused , said martha .
she looked to be a slimmer version of the tomato , but no one had gotten a look at her face yet .
she looked strikingly similar to the tomato , except that she was much younger and exceptionally beautiful .
the tomato was dressed in blazing red , skintight jeans with sequins up the sides and a sparkly red blouse with short frills that did nothing to hide her enormous breasts .
he s scoping her out , trying to figure out if she s as well - endowed as the tomato .
the tomato did nt react .
the tomato still stood her ground .
red and the tomato were facing away from the horse and did nt know what was happening .
the reverend shouted at the tomato .
oh , red , crooned the tomato , her hands dropping from her mouth .
* the tomato was dancing up a storm around the fire , twirling and high stepping .
oh damn , the tomato just fell in the fire !
jed had seen the tomato start to lose her balance and reacted immediately .
the tomato cried while jed checked her for burns , looking at her back , sides , and frontthe monstrous tits were hanging out for everyone to see .
cried the tomato , grabbing her breasts .
we had some delicious mtzvade , a sort of pork meat shish - kebab roasted on open fires with fresh tomatoes and cucumbers , and some of the wonderful georgian breadthe whole washed down with bottled fruit juice and borjomi mineral water .
we then partook of a leisurely lunch of suluguni cheese , sausage , fresh tomatoes and cucumber , and the bread the cows had kindly left us .
ominous , when flown over , balmy when plunged into the mediterranean blues , the body anointed with olive oil spiced with lemon , a ripe tomato rubbed on the skin continuing inside mouth and body the sun of midsummer .
smells like garlic , olive oil and tomatoes .
a tomato , tomahto like i care who it is .
she had stopped her nightly walks after the incident with the painter , but she soon became as immersed in her garden , making a kind of painting of it the way she arranged the tomatoes , the marigolds , the yellow squash in with the pale or darker shades of green of lettuce and peas and potatoes .
in march she would be planting onions and kale , peas and lettuce , and they would be eating fresh greens even before she put in the tomato plants , nurtured along in a window in the sun , before being arranged in their part of her overall design , usually next to or alternating with marigolds , which she planted to keep certain bugs away , and because she loved the smell of them .
imagining scenes of passion and tenderness , rose of sharon stood one evening in the garden where she had been picking the first tomatoes for the evening meal and felt the breeze blow her skirt around her legs and watched the leaves of the trees flutter like her skirt and show their silver undersides in anticipation of the coming storm , and she felt the rain - laden wind on her cheek , and she cried and cried , knowing she wanted to be pure poetry , wanted to fly and drift with the clouds and yet , there she stood with a basket of tomatoes on her arm and a child and husband inside the too - warm house waiting for their meal .
imagining scenes of passion and tenderness , rose of sharon stood one evening in the garden where she had been picking the first tomatoes for the evening meal and felt the breeze blow her skirt around her legs and watched the leaves of the trees flutter like her skirt and show their silver undersides in anticipation of the coming storm , and she felt the rain - laden wind on her cheek , and she cried and cried , knowing she wanted to be pure poetry , wanted to fly and drift with the clouds and yet , there she stood with a basket of tomatoes on her arm and a child and husband inside the too - warm house waiting for their meal .
the sweet peas going in first along with the onions went around the outer edges , and she would arrange everything else in concentric circles until the middle where she would plant the tomatoes ringed with marigolds .
she imagined the large leafed vines dancing around the garden like the designs that framed the mirrors of the oak dressers her father built and carved , and she planned how she would plant the corn stalks and then arrange the tomatoes around them so the tomato vines could climb the corn stalks .
she imagined the large leafed vines dancing around the garden like the designs that framed the mirrors of the oak dressers her father built and carved , and she planned how she would plant the corn stalks and then arrange the tomatoes around them so the tomato vines could climb the corn stalks .
mary thought that was a very inventive way to support the tomato plants .
she looked forward to dinners of juicy tomatoes with tender new potatoes and sweet young corn .
by the time it was warm enough to set out the tomato plants , the rest of the garden was growing in a noticeable pattern of concentric circles , and her father , who had been watching her planting as if he was watching some intricate dance step , asked her why she had planted the garden that way .
once when roger pulled up some tiny tomato plants , mary had to teach him to pinch the little leaves and smell his fingers , so he could tell which were the weeds that smelled generically of the earth and which were the fruits and flowers they desired to cultivate and smelled sweet and desirable .
the place where you could hang up tomatoes or herbs .
she showed him each sapling , each bit of fencing , each load of manure piled here and there and the buckets she used to haul the water to pour around each corn , tomato and squash plant .
i ve also got some onion sets , and a few weeks from now it will be time for tomatoes .
a garden without tomatoes is like a day without sun .
the tomatoes you grow are nt packaged in plastic and sold by the pound with a middleman making eighty percent of the profit .
in a week or two she would plant the radishes , cukes , potatoes , tomatoes , squash , green beans , peas , and corn .
he said he d worked as a migrant laborer , doing things like pick blueberries in maine and tomatoes in new jersey .
no , i was in southern new jersey then picking tomatoes , but i was back in the city a few weeks later and watched some of the cleanup .
mostly it was spicks when i was picking tomatoes , but i worked for rich jews and with african immigrants , copper - colored people from the dominican republic , blacks , italians , russians , some people who did nt even speak english .
i ve got some tuna casserole and some sliced tomatoes and cucumbers from the farmers market .
slicing the cucumbers and tomatoes , she talked about her sons upcoming visit next week and told charlie some interesting news .
while she was sprinkling some on the cucumbers and tomatoes , the microwave buzzed .
every friday he purchased haddock and chips from a chippy called the codfather , and spent each saturday morning picking out ripe tomatoes from a fruit and veg shop called melon cauli .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
soon , there are flowers on the tomato plants .
those are tomatoes !
our tomatoes are turning yellow , our zucchinis are ready , and our carrots are thinned and growing nicely .
the tomatoes ripen , and they all seem to be ready at once .
morgen wo nt eat tomatoes , but she loves pulling tiny carrots from the ground and nibbling on them as she walks around .
well bring you fresh tomatoes and potatoes , and pumpkins when they re ready .
at night i listen to morgens stories of the bean plants progress and the tiny flowers on the tomato plants .
i will make salsa again , and maybe sun - dry some tomatoes .
we end up with a basket of tomatoes and peas , a bunch of zucchini , about twenty - five pounds of potatoes , and a nice pumpkin patch .
the sun , ever present , sat like a swollen tomato on the ample lap of a pregnant storm , one as yet to break water , awaiting its moment as must we all , gambling on the outcome of a game of charades , promising more than we can deliver ; poised , forever taut , primed like a grenade , forever charged , an unflagging battery .
he could make out slices of tomato and cheese and pepper and onion .
ruby was given a small knife and a bowl of cherry tomatoes .
she quartered all the cherry tomatoes and with each one she thought : so this is the secret of squaring the circle .
in her grandparents photo albums there was a picture of opa with a brown budweiser beer bottle held high in one hand and a half dozen enormous tomatoes cupped in the other .
the next few days and the upcoming labor day weekend would rush by in a blur of arrivals and departures , distracted hugs and kisses , soggy towels and sandy grandchildren , beach baskets of squished sandwiches and bruised fruit , car loads of shopping , a constantly running washing machine trying to keep up with the limited clothing of the visitors , and ripening tomatoes , high up on their staked vines , demanding to be picked before they burst open and oozed red pulp and slick seeds .
there should be time to collect the seed heads , which resembled a burst of fireworks , and harvest the seeds that she used in tomato sauces and christmas cookies .
some of my tomatoes expected to be canned today .
they ate leftover thinly sliced pepper and garlic - covered grilled sirloin steak , beefsteak tomatoes with basil in olive oil and sherry vinegar , and the last of the marinated eggplant on the picnic table down by the waters edge .
her biggest concerns had been sleeping arrangements and ripening tomatoes and hiding the six pounds that she recently had gained from dillys inquisitional eye .
they sat quietly eating lobster salad , fresh tomatoes with basil leaves and vinaigrette , and cantaloupe .
good tomatoes .
salt cod and potatoes with aioli , served with a vinaigrette - marinated toss of tomato chunks , cucumber , green peppers and portugese olives .
in the corner of the walk - in , in the corner of a damp cardboard box , from one tomato to the next , from one peach to the next , from one strawberry to the next , whitish gray filaments of mold would spread into a carpet of rot .
it felt strange to neil to see bett picking snapdragons and dahlias , tomatoes and eggplant after they had spent breakfast making plans for the holidays .
at boiling pots and grease skittering skillets and smooth sheathed tomatoes and the slick skinned legs of butchered chickens .
these are wonderful tomatoes .
why would a german jeweler grow italian tomatoes ?
i ca nt remember them ever being used in a tomato sauce .
for the tomatoes , eggplant , snaps and peppers , i m at least a couple of weeks behind .
he eats grilled cheese and drinks tomato soup from a mug for lunch , somewhat late because of events , and , then , as usual , lies down for a nap .
she rifled an evil look at her boss , who stood at the banquet table , eavesdropping while agitating a pan of stir - fried tomatoes with a serving spoon to keep them looking fresh .
i was eating crackers , hot tomato soup and watching oprah with my mother .
katharyn was still somewhat pensively dishing tomato soup and assembling grilled cheese sandwiches .
so the afternoon passes , until by 4:00 there are dozens of loaves of fresh warm bread , big bowls of potato salad , big platters of fried chicken and sweet corn , a bit of tomato and lettuce salad , two trays of carrot sticks , scallions , pimento - stuffed green olives and cubes of a very mild cheddar cheese garnished with fancy toothpicks , all the makings of a gala home - cooked dinner .
taking the tray back out of the oven , she covers it thickly with tomato paste .
with a long - handled spoon she mixes the additions into the tomato paste , until it looks like thick lumpy spaghetti sauce .
the boys in the islands sent plenty of tea , she reflects as she applies measured amounts onto the tomato sauce along with the oregano and basil .
relative to an italian tomato sauce , which would have a smaller target market . ''
his plan was to take the harvest from what he had amused himself by calling the elcpelevated , linear compost processorand use it to top dress the french bed that would hold the tomato plants .
gene was ruminating on the idea of fresh tomatoes and chives when he leaned so far out along the gutter that the ladder juddered a half foot in the opposite direction .
in addition , there were three new bedsone for herbs , both annual and perennial , one for cutting flowers like cosmos , daisies and zinnias , and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant .
as he had levered out the old rotting spans and replaced them with new , as he had studied the haiku - like descriptions of tomato varieties from 19th century amish farms and russian kulaks , and eggplant whose turkish heritage was rich long before the times of ataturks reforms , gene had previewed the wonderment of those who would be rewarded with some of the harvest of his efforts .
how could those who grew only big boys , big girls and black beauties not be amazed by and envious of a plum - sized , orange - striped eggplant or a heavy tomato with a deep purple skin and nearly black flesh ?
he had steamed green beans and added some finely chopped tarragon on top and made an arugula , lead lettuce , and cherry tomato salad .
there s a freight train of this stuff coming , especially tomatoes .
hearing something in genes tone , maryellen asked , any doubts the almssons can handle a ton of tomatoes ?
raising kids is a little more valuable than raising tomatoes .
now , there were some answers : tomatoes .
that night during dinner , a dinner which consisted of roasted pork tenderloin , rice pilaf and a green salad with four colors of tomatoes , maryellen planted the seed by making up a conversation that jeannine and she had had about how the profits they made from the sale of yarn , needles , patterns and classes was almost exceeded by the appreciation of their unit , assuming the new assessment was correct .
the weekend after halloween he had spent most of a day putting the garden to rest by pulling out the tomato stakes and pulling up the leggy , woody plants they had supported .
as gene loosely monitored khloe while he pinched suckers from the tomato plants , he remembered what it was like when tisha was in her mid - teens , especially in her post - drivers license , but pre - college period .
as the first of the tomatoes began to turn color i placed the two signs next to the curb .
i noticed a vagrant looking both ways , as if making sure that the coast was clear , before then stepping quickly into the garden and plucking a tomato that had been planted close to the street .
i kept an eye on the man , as he pulled the tomato out from its hiding place and took a large bite , as if it were an apple .
the mans face curled up in disgust and he spit out what he d bitten off and threw the rest of the tomato on the street .
come on a ride , where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions , pickles and tomatoes , french fries , lots of them , 3 slices of cheese - and - pepperoni pizza , 1 pint each of vanilla , chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream , water , a 20 - ounce coke , a 20 - ounce pepsi and fruit , including an apple , banana and orange .
brandos death scene in the godfather always was one of bennies favourites , but i think he would rather have played it in a tomato patch .
back north it seemed like there was only a limited selection of tomato and pepper strains whereas here there were at least a dozen kinds of each .
he sliced the tomatoes and added the olive oil .
to her right she found some asparagus and tomato , which she added to her now almost full cart , and that was it .
your face is red , joelle tells me , studying it with her head cocked to one side , like a tomato .
janet rust looked up from slicing the salad tomatoes , caught by the sudden mood in her aunts voice , and looked over at her .
no wait , like a truck into a tomato , a giant tomato .
no wait , like a truck into a tomato , a giant tomato .
ground beef , egg noodles , scallions , cottage cheese , ricotta cheese and tomato sauce .
and tacos , they ll like tacos , without the lettuce and tomatoes .
basil and tomatoes , buffalo mozzarella .
the night that i used sex to thank my husband for being supportive of my career path , to thank him for the basil and fresh tomato pizza , and to have a little fun myself , was the night i got pregnant .
some nights they d make lamb and string beans in a tomato sauce served over rice .
lettuce and tomato .
he set me to work chopping cabbage , slicing tomatoes , and thawing meat .
a few minutes later , i added the meat , spices , a number ten can of diced tomatoes , and the onions that i had already chopped and i was good to go .
you want to peel a tomato ?
over an amazing table of grilled bluefish and fresh tomatoes , mozzarella and basil and a small mountain of corn on the cob , ah the joys of summer , at elaines house because it was her turn to make dinner , tom shocked everyone by saying , i want to go to the philadelphia zoo .
the front door was unlocked , so they let themselves in without knocking , and they were greeted by the thick smells of garlic and warm tomato sauce .
martha white flour , dry yeast , olive oil , mozzarella cheese , tomato sauce , sausage , olives , onions , dried oregano and parsley .
dinner follows , spaghetti with tomato sauce , meatballs optional in deference to the vegetarians among us , wild irish rose , garlic bread , salad .
i drop by the jitney for two pounds of hamburger , yellow onions , tomato sauce , kidney beans , 3 alarm chili mix and two jugs of wild irish rose .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
then a voice i recognize even through the disruption : the mad deejay coming through stronger now , talking about dinosaur tracks being found in the amazon rainforests , the kidnapping of aimee semple mcpherson , toxic tomatoes being shipped to american markets from canada , the freemasons involvement in the deliberate sinking of the titanic , green m & ms , the rapture , using coca cola as a spermicide , and a nazi - era moon base discovered by the apollo 14 astronauts .
as she looked beyond the living fences amelia could see where people were sun - drying tomatoes , mushrooms and fruit .
ian helped me put up my deck , and i hauled bags of soil for his tomato plants and roses .
bob threw some ground beef , some tomatoes , some rice , and some hot sauce into a frying pan and called it dinner .
she called him , sure he d be up , feeding his dog chester , reading his three favorite newspapers and drinking tomato juice with freshly ground black pepper .
she heard him sip his tomato juice and exhale loudly , as if he d just downed a highball .
she could smell cipollinis and tomatoes roasting in the oven .
i miss my floors and japanese maple and , near it , the tomato plants that stand along a sunny rock wall .
i am stuffing pasta tubes with beef , crushed tomatoes and ricotta , trying to get daniel to put down the card deck and set the table .
i pick and choose from her sometimes sorry looking tomatoes , knowing that the stall back a bit further had glorious looking tomatoes .
i pick and choose from her sometimes sorry looking tomatoes , knowing that the stall back a bit further had glorious looking tomatoes .
i find a few decent tomatoes .
i stick with my chosen vendor rather than suffering the insult of the punitive one with her bright , clean , firm , ripe tomatoes .
if it is broccoli , or tomatoes , fruits which float or veggies that are too tall to fit in all at once i must remember to come back and flip or spin them after fifteen minutes so that any amoebas or bacterias that await our susceptible gringo stomachs are killed .
the rice had absorbed the flavor of the duck and snails from the broth where they had previously been boiled , later the meat and snails were fried and then finished in the broth with the rice , some tomatoes and a few peppers .
the marble slab atop the kitchen table was arrayed in bottles , glasses , meat and tomatoes , reds , and the almost black of the blood sau - sages .
i wandered through the streets , admiring the tascas , hung with hams , counters full of fresh tomatoes and avas .
the goddess of a land of beauty and abundance , fresh and bursting with tomatoes , the hams and the young girls .
the long wooden bar blossomed with ceramic bowls of tomatoes , artichokes , asparagus .
i stepped across the vegetable garden below the house where we had eaten , the tomatoes and pepper plants were still young , waiting for their fruit to appear .
they grow beans , potatoes , tomatoes , peppers , and an assortment of other foodstuff in the large fields along the river .
as claude listened , a tomato fell to the ground , but he did nt notice .
tom accepted , so i made myself a devon and tomato sauce sandwich while mum served the soup .
there was fairy bread and party pies , frankfurts with tomato sauce , and biscuits with faces .
with the sink full of water , maggie peeled off some lettuce leaves , tossed in a cucumber and two tomatoes .
dad put a sausage and some onion on each of our rolls and we helped ourself to the tomato sauce .
today ; however , she opened the paper all the way , so that she could squirt tomato sauce onto the corner of the paper .
aunt janet glanced at her niece and raised a slab of lasagna smothered in tomato sauce to her lips .
` ` yes , but i can never get it to taste quite like this '' clarissa began heaping her plate with lettuce , cucumbers , cherry tomatoes and red onions from the salad bowl .
he went and got a couple of heineken longnecks , and we sat watching the women eighty feet away mucking about the pole beans and cherry tomatoes .
-i 'll make an omelette / you might be surprised i ' m not such a bad cook you just pick it up / never really saw myself as a domestic sort not when i was younger still do n't i guess / you just end up doing things we 're like water we 're liquid we just seep down into the cracks there 's nothing solid in our lives we just migrate just go soft and sink down / cheddar peppers onion tomato is that alright ?
she crossed to the fridge and discovered she was out of tomatoes .
she walked the length of the market until she found a firm bunch of tomatoes , firm enough that her fingers did nt pierce holes in the skin with the first touch , and she grabbed as many as her hands could manage .
that was only second to the energy replacing freshly squeezed orange juice , bacon , eggs , french toast , tomatoes and sausages served up as breakfast in her bed the next morning .
i was reminded of kefalonia and one half of my blood in fragments : my grandmothers obsession with olives and their slow , powerful oil , and my grandfather hobbling into his field of tomatoes bobbing in the breeze like dark red stars on a sky of vines and orchids .
we had no money , but lived large and free on tomato sandwiches and cups of tea in the truck stops and communes we found along the way .
but after he made a ketchup sandwich with the last heel of bread , there was nothing but a jar of tomato sauce overtaken by a mold culture , a jar of horseradish , a loaf of tofu , two unexposed rolls of film , and penelope 's macrobiotic wheat germ concoction , which made him gag even when it was just sprinkled on beans tossed in olive oil .
and a lovely dinner , meatloaf and a tomato casserole , very elegant that was i do nt know who made it but it was a treat , but she did nt know her lines again .
at two oclock on friday afternoon , a pudgy , bald - headed man with a mottled nose like a cherry tomato pulled up at the curb in a rust - pocked volare minivan .
sure enough , they like to nibble on a fresh strawberry , or discuss the best variety of tomato for their salads .
sun - dried tomatoes and goats cheese .
by the way all we can offer is some tinned tomato juice or bourbon .
everybodys radio was playing something about tomato sauce going up and down , and i felt sick .
` ` nanaymiling even wrapped us some salted eggs and tomatoes ! ''
he took a bite of tomato like an apple .
i pushed the plate back on the table , the few left over black - eyed peas rolling around in the creamy tomato sauce of the meatloaf .
secret stories by dwight peters secret stories by dwight peters copyright 2014 dwight peters smashwords edition contents the man who turned into a garden a shadow play famous orphan girl the value of simplicity as told to a deaf turtle in the voice of a tomato wildman hero this story stinks music of bodys footsteps perceiving doors an oak and a shepherd everyone deserves a little celebration naked reading do nt be suckered into worrying the third nipple is never blind gypsy girl and woman portrait be movie parentage chip dip the excitement of silences days over when they begin , the first quiet breaths of morning new normal dangers a self sacrifice oceans tide the philosopher and the stranger the killing of a bad man over as well as under development the eye of acquaintance the wait alone again nature walk an interview with a social worker the gift of strength a new fullness documentary introduction reality show amuseum do nt ever settle for simply settling when settling down the reason for rhythm i was wrong it is essential to know this prescription touch , to know what giving is a to - do today touchdown potty training for potty mouths you are beautiful inside your insides prehistoric urges its okay to have vision the man with a mirror for a face the woman who was the earth children can be cruel and everyones a child travel time wild , western , cowless , cower less man untitled audience crane sightseeing internet cafe water music fire music the salty madness of mixed - up nuts ash as fire wave goodbye , wave hello meditation on the smiling beautiful the man who held his breath and became a cloud workforce street smarts i would drink an entire volcano while walking in the middle of an ocean to create an island paradise for you .
the value of simplicity as told to a deaf turtle in the voice of a tomato after years of accidents that have formed my personalitywhere i have been forced to accept that i am making sense of the world , but doing it one disaster at a timei have finally found my way to be capable of telling you this story .
i hate it so bad i want to rip it to shreds or flush it down the toilet , or put tomato sauce on it and put it in the microwave until it explodes .
or maybe i thought i 'd see some anti - abortion people yelling and chanting slogans in front of the door , and throwing tomatoes at the people who went inside .
the seared beef tenderloin with ginger and garlic was directly skewered on blades of lemongrass , garnished by ubiquitous tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce .
she would cut up the big fish to make a traditional vietnamese stew with tomatoes and coriander .
the omelet was loaded with cheddar cheese , cherry tomatoes , onions , and spinach .
the egg and cheese melted on my tongue , and the tomatoes , onions , and spinach delivered flavors like bursts of life .
or perhaps the silence was just an opportunity for the word - less digestion of their supper of tunafish salad , sliced tomato , and an english muffin .
okra and tomatoes , cornbread , fried chicken , potato salad , blackberry cobbler ( he can smell it cooling off ) , a veritable feast with leftovers for the whole week .
he snuggles up to her , pulling off his tee - shirt , stained with blackberry and tomatoes , which looks like it had just been in a food war .
mrs . lilywhite loomed over her , her round fat face tight and red , an angry tomato threatening to burst .
mrs . lilywhite was slowly turning ; she seemed to be gathering another bellowing response as she did , her outraged face reddening like a tomato threatening to burst i said shut it .
out in flin flon a man was examining his frost - killed plants , rescuing a few tomatoes to make into spaghetti sauce for the evenings meal .
the prefect on duty got up and walked round to theos place taking with him the tables own tomato sauce and tin of butter : two commodities provided only in parcels from home to juniors who gladly gave up their precious gifts in exchange for not having to fag for their seniors at table .
between courses we thought would remind you of your mothers anatolian cuisine : tomatoes and peppers stuffed with saffron rice , raisins , currants , walnuts and almonds .
ate biltong with the bread and tomatoes they had filched from the kitchen on the way through to fazza viyatus rooms .
kasey toyed with a tomato in her chefs salad as she considered the question .
seeing him struggle with the cardboard flap , i reached out and popped it open , allowing the tantalizing scent of tomato sauce and hot cheese to waft up from the pie .
it was amazing how much square footage a quart of pureed tomatoes could cover .
worse , i noticed that tomato sauce spotted the cupboards , walls and refrigerator to about knee level .
the tomato scent of the lasagna began to permeate the air as the wine warmed her blood .
~~~~*~~~~ the next morning , lyssa stood back from the booth as her mother helen weighed brilliant red tomatoes on the scale and laughed at whatever the customer had just said .
the tomato purchaser was a craggy - faced man , flirting for all he was worth .
he nudged several cans of green beans and stewed tomatoes out of his way and held the door open for channie .
what bacteria and deadly viruses were transferred from those hands to those tomatoes ?
every morning they were served an english breakfast of eggs , tomatoes , and kippers .
warm tomatoes also did nt do anything for her taste buds .
mama 's face just turned redder than a sunburned tomato and her lips are pursed tight like they have a drawstring in them .
she found herself in a village that looked like any ordinary village , though the ground was the colour of tomatoes .
they drove around the tomato streets , frances sitting in the car trying not to look but peeking .
his mothers classic tomato sauce was about as natural as it gets , and so were many of the foods he ate .
a familiar face was slicing tomatoes with a large , sharp knife .
pots on every burner , the rice cooker sending up its smoke signal , the cutting board littered with fragments of onions , tomatoes , green and red chilies .
drawn in by vibrant images of ripe , red tomatoes , baskets heaped full of succulent cucumbers , peas , green beans , sweet corn , and pumpkins too large to carry , he would read every description imagining how wonderful the harvest would taste .
the tomatoes are really ripe this week , said gardener , as he led the way through the foyer and living room into the expansive , well - appointed kitchen .
in the same way , an apple seed does nt try to become a tomato .
if you spend all of your time tending the tomatoes for instance , but never take time to weed and water the sweet corn , the tomatoes will likely flourish , and come harvest your sweet corn crop will probably be pretty pitiful .
if you spend all of your time tending the tomatoes for instance , but never take time to weed and water the sweet corn , the tomatoes will likely flourish , and come harvest your sweet corn crop will probably be pretty pitiful .
with the rising of the full moon overhead , the three retreated to katies cabin to prepare the evening meal and enjoy gardeners catch of fresh smallmouth bass , homegrown tomatoes , asparagus , baked potatoes , and berries .
for the tomatoes though well add something a little different , said gardener , pointing to a smaller pile of fertilizer with a stronger scent of ammonia .
i m not certain i m interested in shoveling your shit for you , juicy tomatoes or not .
we sure ca nt grow a tomato plant without having a seed to begin with , but that 's only the first part .
a single tomato will produce anywhere from seventy - three to three hundred and fifty seeds .
but left untended , only a few of those seeds will become a fully realized , tomato - bearing plant .
he was stunned to see that in their absence the plants had sprouted , broken ground , and turned the barren dirt into a lush , green landscape of carrot tops , tomato bushes , onion sprouts , beets , and more .
this is wild crazy , he said , reaching over to inspect a tiny , yellow bud that had just emerged from the tomato plant .
but the problem is you were so out of touch that you did nt even notice that the carrots are ready to be pulled or that the tomatoes are probably ready to pick .
his eyes had puffed up like sugarcoated pastries and his face had swollen round like a ripe , juicy - red tomato with a stem of golden hair on top .
melanie , she said , picking a fork off the corner of her plate and stabbing at a cherry tomato , sorry i was so short earlier when billy called you , but you would nt believe it , he drove through a humungous puddle and soaked some poor woman getting out of a car .
i was drawn back in time to my childhood - playing in the glasshouse , amongst the ripening tomato plants .
it was tasty ; he had made lots of this complicated marina sauce when the farmers market tomatoes were at their best , and we d frozen batches of it .
i slipped into the kitchen and picked up a sharp carving knife from an empty tomato juice can that held mias few kitchen utensils .
` ` she hit like a bag of tomatoes .
sloans definition of a big story usually encompassed frannie brocks prize winning tomatoes .
in the kitchen , jean prepared twice - baked potatoes with gruyere while her aunt chopped lettuce , cucumber and tomato for a salad .
he placed the file on the table , accepted the cup and helped himself to a half sandwich of cheese and tomato .
she and her father took their seats and watched jean come from the kitchen with a large bacon , avocado and tomato quiche .
chalcey asked her great grandmother while weeding the squash and tomatoes .
if you do nt stop sneaking tomatoes and cucumbers , there wo nt be a harvest .
summer had pulled tomatoes , squash , lettuce and sweet peas from the garden .
` ` i have a great tomato sauce .
i leaned against a low stone wall that bordered the open area near the red carpet and took a generous bite of bun , beef , tomato and pickle .
she ordered a grilled fish sandwich , no tarter sauce , extra tomato .
she sliced a tomato .
it was topped with pesto , artichoke hearts , roasted red peppers , tomatoes , spinach and mozzarella .
we plated it over angel hair pasta and roasted tomatoes .
lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , onions , pickled cabbage and turnip , tahini sauce , hummus and garlic sauce wrapped in a pita loaded with chicken .
bootsy , i will donate cases of tomato sauce , canned corn , and toilet paper but the unsaleable stuff goes to an orphanage in sparks .
they removed a quart of worm castings and put it around the tomatoes .
i 'll have the tilapia and tomato slices , coffee with cream please and water , ordered beth .
joan tried to defend her weakness for tomato and clam juice .
he was watering it , peaceful , a small tomato plantation .
when i got in , i saw a man watering a tomato plant , despite of the rain in the previous night .
since he did nt forget the friendships he created at the rest home , he conciliated the time helping matheus with his experienced business advices and his walk up to the old home to see his friends and take care of his tomato plant .
prewashed gourmet three leaf lettuce made up the salad , to which shed add a couple of chopped vine ripened , yellow tomatoes .
the dining room smelled of garlic and tomato sauce and was filled with the sounds of laughter and and boisterous talk .
i learned a quick pasta dish awhile back , if you ve got some small tomatoes and linguine .
the tomato sauce was simmering gently on the burner and it really did look good .
salads were garnished with twisted carrot slices and cut tomatoes .
todays choices were chicken salad , fresh mozzarella with basil and sliced tomatoes , and ham with swiss for sandwiches , and minestrone for soup .
we ordered calamari , lightly fried and served with aioli and tomato sauce , to share as a starter .
it took a lot of blood to make an olive - skinned face tomato red .
i was nt sure what made this californian except there seemed to be a lot of sun - dried tomatoes , avocados , and pine nuts advertised as showing up in dishes .
she was serenely using her fork to poke at the salad uncovering the goodies that had been included with the bleu cheese and blackened steak slicessun - dried tomatoes and avocados , no doubt .
there was a sun - dried tomato , and a couple of pine nuts along with something that looked like feta that had escaped the roll along with a little sauce .
when she was thirteen years old , a tomato truck crashed in downtown puerto rico , and claudia said she saw the virgin mary in the spray .
coughing up some bun , it dribbled down the front of my suit along with a slice of tomato .
but you will help me with the housework , or i ' m going to tell mom that you killed her tomatoes and we 'll see just how fast they get back from europe . ''
in the yard , destroying their finely tuned grass and tomato plants . ''
i will forget about the tomato ' accident . '
` ` and i was an adult for the whole running over the tomato plants thing . ''
` ` and you were scared of them discovering the dead tomato plants . ''
` ` kyle ran over your tomato plants with his dirt bike . ''
` ` you destroyed my tomato plants ? ''
chapter eight the aroma of cooking tomatoes , garlic , rosemary , and ground beef whetted nicks appetite the second he opened the kitchen door .
said steve , gentle reproach oozing out of his vocal cords like the last of the tomato ketchup out of one of these old - fashioned glass bottles .
thanks , i like both , i took the cheeseburger , picked off the tomato and turned my attention back to the maiden .
i sliced some bread for sandwiches while i was in the kitchen , and found a tomato and a bit of cheese too : perhaps she had missed a mealtime without even noticing .
anna watelowitz and irene krzanowski picked two tomato cans full of burdock burrs .
with the fresh tomatoes and herbs i d picked from the garden , all that could be dinner in a flash .
the kitchen was steamy , with pots boiling on the big range and the long table was filled with ripe tomatoes waiting processing .
i could have sat outside all day in the october sun , surrounded by the restaurants boxed but overflowing beds of tomatoes , herbs , and flowers , but we had to head over to the cbi office in the suburb of lakewood to meet henry wade at two oclock .
i puttered around the house aimlessly , stared at the studio blackboard filled with old hypotheses , wandered out and in from the back yard , picked at a plate of the last of the tomatoes i had harvested .
a groggy half - smile crossed merediths face as she attempted to skewer a cherry tomato with her fork .
fat , juicy , served with american cheese , fresh tomato and sweet onion , his last meal at frans was memorable .
bacon fried , lettuce drained in the sink and aunt tenne started slicing an enormous tomato from moms garden out back .
i ignored the urge to fling a tomato at him and reevaluated my earlier opinion .
then she sweetly smiled as she surveyed all the food she had ordered ; juice , three egg omelets , toast , hash browns , and sliced tomatoes .
shawarma is usually chicken or lamb , in this case chicken , wrapped in a pita or flat bread with tomatoes , garlic sauce , and pickle .
slicing the meat , i arranged it on top of baby field greens , added some shredded cheddar cheese , cherry tomatoes , shredded carrots , cucumber slices , and avocado .
he marinated his steaks while i made twice - baked potatoes , sliced fresh tomatoes to scallop with saltines and butter , and tossed a big salad .
next to the salad bar , a bbq station offered pickles , onions , tomatoes , chopped jalepenos , and slices of white bread , as well as big vats of sauce in mild , medium and atomic .
she handed him a bowl of romaine and tomato wedges topped with a blackish paste .
i used to cringe with fear when she would send me down to get canned tomatoes from the fruit cellar .
did the french ever discover instant gravy mix or tomato sauce ?
pipistrello rushed over to his dinner and with a quick swish of the tomato sauce bottle , squirted bright red stripes over the plate , transforming the sickly white concoction into an appetising creation .
salvatore found that out when they passed the fruit and vegetable market and both trucks and swimming pools rapidly filled with rotten tomatoes .
1 28 oz can diced tomatoes , ensure it says fresh on the can .
1 14 oz can stewed tomatoes , slurp occasionally out of sight of patrons .
reginald moves slowly now , finally stopping before a man crouched over tomato plants .
as david turns toward him , i see tomato juice dripping from his mouth .
holding the tomato to his lips , he bites it once more .
today , though , it was a rare burger with purple onions , ripe tomato slices , and tangy mustard on a fresh - baked roll .
he downed to raw eggs and drank a glass of tomato juice because it always helped him with his hangovers .
the whole place reeked of tomato paste and cheap seasoning .
the same is true for tomatoes .
those heirloom tomatoes might be big and juicy , but you ll only get a small batch from each plant .
a lot of gardeners plant both heirloom and hybrids , in order to have tomatoes all season long .
chapter eleven -- i noticed a small , fenced vegetable garden by the house ; at a glance , i saw lima beans , cucumbers , tomatoes , and sweet potatoes , along with some japanese eggplant , growing there .
barb tells me her tomato plants are confused by the heat .
barb tells me how she s started a composting program at the prison , and an organic garden where they grow potatoes , squash , ten kinds of tomatoes , and six kinds of lettuce .
the salad looked delicious glistening cherry tomatoes , fresh greens , and a good mix of other items as well .
there was warm garlic bread with gently browned tops , freshly made meatballs simmering in a tomato sauce , the rose - colored ribs , and the rhythm guitarist had brought a large , white bowl of caesar salad .
the chef had ringed the edge of the salad plate with jalapeno circles , interspersed with cucumber wheels topped with cherry tomatoes .
he had even sliced the bottom off of each cherry tomato so it sat sturdily in place .
ayse had brought me a casserole of stuffed vine leaves in tomato sauce .
if a person received a new tomato then the vegetable would repel evil spirits inside a couples home .
bev had combined several cans of beans , tomatoes , and some dried pasta , along with some leftover ham she found in the freezer , making a hearty and tasty soup which trent claimed was as good as his mother 's bean soup .
it came about the size of a manhole cover , oozing white cheese and peppered with thick , red slices of ripe tomato .
my tomatoes are drowning .
hannah weeded the late summer garden and searched her tomato plants for any remaining tomatoes .
hannah weeded the late summer garden and searched her tomato plants for any remaining tomatoes .
at that point cheese and tomato sauce slid off edwin 's slice of pizza and landed on his chest .
blazes nostrils spread out and his face turned the color of an overripe tomato .
his color was nt good these days his face resembled an overripe tomato , and his breathing seemed labored like he d just run five miles .
he was that same overripe tomato color i worried about .
blaze had one hand over his mouth , and he was that red tomato color again .
in the summer , its my tomatoes are bigger than yours , and of course , in the late fall during hunting season , its my buck is bigger than yours .
i longed for the toasted sandwich with the passion that romeo longed for juliet , but i still had the headache i 'd woken up with , and there was nothing in a bacon - and - tomato sandwich but the tomato that would n't aggravate my headache , so i had an order of french fries .
i longed for the toasted sandwich with the passion that romeo longed for juliet , but i still had the headache i 'd woken up with , and there was nothing in a bacon - and - tomato sandwich but the tomato that would n't aggravate my headache , so i had an order of french fries .
concentrated fruit juices and fruit pulp , dried blueberries , and even dried beans , tomatoes , and broccoli .
i could have given you soy spaghetti with tomato sauce and tofuballs , she said .
i was as red as a tomato by the time he disappeared down the hallway toward the stairs .
after about three hours of working up old shrubs and ivy that had gotten too long and brown , our mother called us in for a meal of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup .
her recipe consisted of half a jar of tomato sauce over cooked noodles .
she had on a mask of blood and where the right eye should have been , there was what looked like a peeled tomato .
instead she improvised a main - dish saladblack beans , corn , tomatoes , rice , sweet onion , romaine , and avocado in chili - lime vinaigrette .
pass me the cherry tomatoes .
brady would nt eat anything that was nt swimming in animal fat , and since none of the others would let falkner hold the cheese , one pizza with artichoke hearts , black olives , sundried tomatoes , and garlic was her compromise .
she could nt stand the smell of the icing while trying to eat cheese and tomato sauce .
gumbo , rice , and fried green tomatoes .
i dished up gumbo over rice and laid a few of the crusty tomatoes on a plate .
he d layered his fried green tomatoes between bread .
i then chopped the onion and tomato , adding them to the potatoes and cooking for another five minutes .
roger attacked his breakfast with gusto , spreading the delicate french jellies onto his croissants with almost exaggerated hand movements , carving up his sausage and broiled tomatoes as if he did nt expect to eat this well again for a very long time .
the bag was straining with gleaming bulbs of eggplant , peppers and tomatoes .
tiny sardines fried in batter , miniature onions swimming in some kind of spicy tomato sauce , raw carrots , artichoke hearts , radishes and , of course , the ubiquitous saucers of oil - drenched peppers and bread .
laurent replenished all the wine glasses and then returned to the table from the kitchen with a tray of sausage , cheeses , salad and thin slices of crespaou , a cold vegetable omelet smothered in tomato sauce and herbs .
your face is as red as a roma tomato .
i d killed a tomato .
ensalada tibia de pan , queso ytomates ( warm salad of tomatoes , homemade bread loaf and ovelheiro serra cheese w / garlic vinaigrette ) .
michael looked at her and said , you know that macro tomato soup is made with carrots and beets and does not have tomatoes in it .
at the salad bar i filled a styrofoam take - out container to take to olivias tea party : quinoa with raw carrot , cucumber , cherry tomatoes , celery stick , and a generous scoop of hummus .
she took a bite of the pasta , covered in a creamy sauce and sprinkled with dried tomatoes .
i think i will give the boiled eggs a miss , they will remind me of langans eyes rolling around in a car somewhere , best to stick to a nice health conscious bacon and sausage sandwich with lashings of tomato sauce , washed down with a mug of tea , thought ian .
the menu had innumerable choices on there but if you listed all the ingredients it essentially came down to bread , toast , bacon , eggs , sausage , baked beans , black pudding , mushrooms , tomatoes and chips .
all the best healthy ingredients were there , eggs , bread , sausages , bacon , mushrooms , tomatoes , black pudding , and to give it that certain je ne sais qua they were all thrown into a piping hot frying pan with a liberal splashing of cooking oil .
ian had just finished his breakfast and was scooping up the last remnants of fat , tomato sauce and runny egg yolk with his last piece of bread when his mobile phone rang .
he figured he would go out for lunch today after the meeting as it was going to be a long one and the ensuing follow up work would be horrendous so he would need time to prepare and think things through , and what better way to do this than with a nice pint of 6x bitter accompanied by steak and kidney pie and chips and lashings of tomato sauce , oh and a side order of peas .
she had good lettuce , potatoes , tomatoes and many others ; often yielding so much that she would gladly donate any surplus to the staff at the stables .
my quarry is two frozen meals taken from the freezer , a fish pie and pasta dish in some sort of tomato sauce .
this was nt a small plot with a few tomatoes and a couple of squash .
abbie 's face flamed hot enough for her skin to turn tomato red .
we watched now with some trepidation as he turned a tomato red .
martin and i had pork chops , fried green tomatoes ( a rare indulgence ) , waldorf salad , and i 'd made some biscuits .
they moved to a small table at the other end of the porch where sallie was arranging lunch - butter beans , squash , stewed tomatoes , and corn bread .
as i wiped up slopped tomato sauce , put more sliced apples into luke 's bowl , stopped krista from poking anna with a spoon , i gradually became aware that eve was quieter than the others .
i have tomatoes picked right off the vine , '' he told me , his voice unmistakably smug .
i do n't eat much bacon , since it 's not good for you , but a bacon and fresh tomato sandwich was just too good to pass up .
there were at least six tomatoes on the kitchen counter .
` ` can we have fried green tomatoes tonight ? ''
i got out the small cutting board and a knife , and began to slice a tomato .
jack nodded , as he used a fork to put tomato slices on his bread .
the older woman gave me an approving nod and ventured down the aisle to compare the prices of tomato sauce .
i had some leftover taco meat to dump into the sauce , and a tomato , and after that i shredded three flour tortillas .
it smelled deliciously of herbs and fresh tomatoes .
white - gloved servers made the rounds with silver trays of malaysian shrimp and omaha tenderloin and a potpourri of bizarre finger - food that always seemed to contain sun - dried tomatoes .
she turned to him and saw that his face was the colour of a tomato , his eyes were open wide , and his tongue was popping out of his mouth .
* * * the smell of garlic bread and tomato sauce stimulates my hunger .
the only way i justify my actions and not turn into a cherry red tomato is by remembering that i would n't be able to memorize facts without feeding my compulsion .
i can smell bacon and eggs , and i can see lucinda standing over the stove asking me if i want mushrooms or tomato in the scramble .
` ` pan - seared scallops with pesto and heirloom tomatoes , '' he said proudly .
blaire looked up at me from where she was slicing a tomato .
` ` yes , '' blaire said , pressing one last kiss to his lips before going back to the tomato .
` ` tomato bisque . ''
i was n't going to let a guy who thought ordering tomato bisque was living on the wild side tell me what was and was n't unhealthy .
black and white tile floor , italian flags , and pictures of fat jolly chefs twirling dough and chopping tomatoes on the wall .
he stepped aside as i rushed by him , my face no doubt turning a brilliant shade of red rivaled only by a tomato .
chapter thirty - six lottie when i was finally allowed in the kitchen , i found a giant bowl of spinach and artichoke pasta , a salad , garlic bread topped with tomatoes and for dessert , grilled peaches with honey and cream .
fin finished chewing the dull tasting piece of tomato and after swallowing told him the title of the movie .
` ` pan seared scallops with pesto and heirloom tomatoes , '' he said proudly .
what would reid think now if he could see her rushing off to the restroom with her face redder than a tomato ?
she laughed lightly and took it from my hand , sliding the cucumber and tomato in front of me .
katy got so sunburned she looked like a tomato . ''
m : chill , tomato face .
` ` ahh , lettuce , tomatoes .
i was busy in the garden picking early tomatoes when rose came up to me with a stoic expression .
i stopped my knife halfway through the tomato when luke said that .
he hugged me and went back to making the sauce as i finished slicing the tomatoes for the salad .
mama had said for years that i could take a piece of dirty string , two sticks , and a cherry tomato and turn it all into a chocolate palace with nothing but my raw imagination as a tool .
fresh and soaked in a spicy tomato broth .
chapter 3 i pick at a tomato on my plate .
he looked so sexy , peeling the tomatoes and grating carrots and chopping up herbs , my mind kept conjuring naughty ideas of me stripping him off his jeans and hav**g s*x while our dinner boiled to perfection .
he took the spoon from my hand and stirred one more time , then added the peeled tomatoes , chopped carrots , and grated cheese to the mix .
i started getting cheese ready for brandon and slicing up tomatoes and onions for when the food would be done .
the dress was floor - length , bright tomato red , slit to my navel .
half of them looked like tomatoes already .
` ` grits , hash browns or tomatoes ? ''
i reached for a sandwich and dipped it in the tomato soup .
a small fillet of white fish sat perched on a bed of onion , fennel , and tomatoes with a sauce that i could only describe as heavenly .
the smell of freshly baked bread mixed with garlic tomatoes filtered into the air and my mouth started to salivate .
i ' m probably as red as a tomato , but i force myself to look into his eyes .
he 's wearing an apron spattered with tomato sauce , and emily cleans up behind him as he moves from task to task .
are n't you supposed to like , make the pasta from scratch , and maybe squeeze the tomatoes into sauce by hand ? ''
` ` squeeze the tomatoes into sauce ?
jordan points to the drawer with the knife he 's using to chop the tomatoes .
their place was huge and all painted wood , white and tomato red , with a wraparound veranda .
i followed the light and the smell of sweet tomato and whitefish .
` ` pine nut - crusted flounder , roasted vegetable medley in herb and butter sauce , and tomato bisque . ''
i picked at the sandwich in my hand , pulling the tomatoes out and stacking them in the corner of my tray .
besides tomatoes , the one thing i hate most in this world is being interrupted while reading a good book .
it 's a mixture of herbs , pasta boiling , and some kind of tomato sauce .
she 'd laughed and joked with my brothers while eating a big helping of my spaghetti , which was little more than overcooked noodles and runny tomato sauce , and then had helped with the dishes .
mckenna picked at her salad , using the tines of her fork to push a cherry tomato around the plate .
` ` let 's get you started with some fried green tomatoes , '' madge said , scribbling on her electronic tablet .
` ` well ... i 'll ... i 'll just- '' madge interrupted them with a plate of hot coconut shrimp and one of fried green tomatoes .
a part of her knew that that was a big load of shit , and if laura were more available right now , she would be sitting at this table right now , snarfing down a platter of fried green tomatoes , telling her so .
and in the backyard you have some cherry tomato plants , plus you use a solar charger for your phone , attached to the backpack you wear when you bike . ''
from curried cabbage , carrots and potatoes , to some unidentified beef dish with a little bit of field greens , tomatoes , and feta in the middle , this was his favorite meal and his favorite restaurant .
` ` coconut shrimp and fried green tomatoes for you , '' madge said to josie without looking at her as she scribbled something in that little electronic device of hers .
his shirt had what looked like a tomato sauce stain on it and it occurred to her for a moment that he could have been dylan 's incredibly ugly older brother .
deflating , josie said meekly , ` ` i 'll just have the fried green tomatoes and a tossed salad with italian . ''
` ` i would like the fried green tomatoes and a tossed salad with italian dressing , '' josie repeated , over - enunciating the words .
laura and mike dug in immediately , while dylan did the one - handed parent eating thing , nearly dropping part of his salad , a giant cherry tomato falling off his fork and narrowly missing the baby 's head .
` ` fried green tomatoes covered in parmesan with sauce ? ''
chapter nine rena smiled and buried a tomato beneath a leaf of lettuce with a swipe of her fork , absently playing with her food .
she playfully stabbed at the tomato .
the aroma of melted mozzarella and tomato sauce filled the room and everyone was mentioning how hungry they were .
i slide the cutting board with the minced garlic to lani , who dumps it into the pan with the now - browned ground beef and tomato sauce .
lol , let 's just say i gave him a trifecta of estrogen with the sound of music , steel magnolias , and fried green tomatoes .
` ` rasam or tomato soup . ''
` ` i hear they ' ve changed to locally grown tomatoes , '' i said , ` ` so avoid the caprese . ''
chapter twenty - one tomatoes , toe - mah - toes present day , six days later ... creed lay on his stomach , hand shoved under the pillows , leg cocked , face turned toward me , eyes closed .
` ` tomatoes , toe - mah - toes . ''
i heard shouted and i looked up from the tray of sliced tomatoes , onions and lettuce leaves i was arranging to the front door .
i heard hawk 's deep voice answer but i had decided to concentrate on shoveling food in my mouth , chewing and swallowing without getting tomato sauce on my tee , lettuce stuck in my teeth or strangling on an unchewed bite of garlic bread so , even though i wanted to know hawk 's answer , i did n't listen .
he made a meatloaf that had been basted in a sweetened tomato sauce that was out of this world .
` ` then we 're arguing about me saying tomatoes and you saying toe - mah - toes . ''
* * * * * we were back at the a - frame , my stuff was in the house , the groceries unpacked and i 'd just slid into the oven my world famous nachos ( this was n't strictly true , i had n't won a competition or anything , but i called them that anyway because they were really good ) smothered in kidney beans and hamburger meat spiced with taco seasoning and a mixture of three cheeses ( cheddar , colby and monterey jack , the latter two they did n't have in england ) on which , after desired cheese melting , i would load salsa , sour cream and fresh jalapenos with tomatoes for max which he told me he loved but i hated .
i saw sun dazzling lights on the pond ; the long , green front yard dad kept neat and trimmed ; the lush , dense trees at the foot ; the farmland beyond that ; and mom 's tidy , flourishing garden on the opposite side of the pond where she planted strawberries , potatoes , tomatoes , regular corn and popcorn every year .
` ` bacon , lettuce and tomato , '' he said .
then there 's fried green tomatoes at the whistle stop cafe by fannie flagg and skinny legs and all by tom robbins .
i just have to slice the lettuce and tomato , '' i told him .
tomato plants cast a sharp pungent smell into the space .
a child spilled shake all over her uniform and another splattered tomato sauce .
minced beef was followed by canned tomatoes and kidney beans .
laura pierced a tomato and began reading .
she watched as he pulled faces at her children and spread tomato sauce on the base of the bread .
he 'd cooked bacon eggs and tomatoes with a couple of slices of toast .
the grill was turned on to high with the bacon sizzling underneath as he began slicing tomatoes .
lily opened the fridge and pulled out some bacon and eggs before going into the pantry to grab a tin of tomatoes .
she moved away from him to open up the can of tomatoes and poured them into the pan .
lily stirred the tomatoes adding some salt and pepper .
he watched her open the oven to grab the saucepan of bubbling tomato and eggs .
he stroked her waist while they finished their egg and tomatoes .
she 'd put some chicken br**sts with peppers , garlic , onions and tomatoes in the oven to roast with a bit of olive oil and salt and pepper .
she got out the mincemeat and the fresh tomatoes she 'd picked from the small vegetable garden she maintained .
lily cried out as she collapsed against the counter , knocking off the bowl of tomatoes that fell onto the floor .
picking up a can of crushed tomatoes , eva glanced over her shoulder to look at the other woman .
running fingers through his hair , he watched as eva placed multiple cans of tomatoes into the trolley .
opening up some tomato sauce , she set to making meatballs for all of them .
getting back to her work , she rolled the stuffing into the steaks , placing them in a pot covering them with tomatoes and herbs before putting the pot into the oven .
` ` hello , '' he said , grabbing lettuce and tomatoes out of the fridge .
* * * * ursula smacked her employer with a spoon before grabbing the pasta and pouring it into the tomato sauce .
when she entered the kitchen , she saw he 'd begun to chop some tomato and cucumber for the salad .
lacey picked up the burger filled with gherkins , sauce , tomatoes , and everything else .
jennifer found him in the kitchen slicing up tomatoes .
jack grinned and swallowed his final bite of a crisp cracker loaded with a sun - dried tomato spread .
` ` i do n't know if people who live in napa are so happy because we 're surrounded by so much beauty - the vines , the hills , the oak trees - or if we 're so happy that we help to create and preserve the land around us : ' he cut a ripe , juicy , yellow - and - green zebra tomato into fourths .
` ` i ' ve never seen a tomato that big : ' she took a bite , the juice dripping down her chin .
` ` or had one this good ; she added , although one touch from jack made her forget all about the sweet , tangy tomato .
` ` she 's still a looker , '' rocco added as jason pushed past him , knocking over a can of organic tomato paste .
she did n't look at him as she started on the tomatoes .
` ` smells good , '' i say as i slide up next to him and watch as he folds the egg of the omelet over a mixture of tomatoes and spinach .
but once the phone stopped ringing and the room filled with the fragrant aroma of tomatoes , peppers , and garlic , i forgot my annoyance and turned to grab a couple of plates .
i knew my face had to be as red tomato .
i turned bright as a tomato at that and dropped my gaze , suddenly real concerned with the starch white tablecloth .
the tomatoes stood no chance as i sliced and diced brutally .
me , i need a stiffer drink than the tomato juice i ' m having .
i ' ve changed my tomato juice to a margarita , and then a vodka with lime .
against one wall is a smorgasbord of pastries , breads , cheeses , platters of bacon , creamed eggs and tomatoes .
she had one tea with the queen and marie , and she clattered her way through with the teacups , spilling half her darjeeling on her cheese and tomato finger sandwiches .
` ` tell me about shannon garrity , '' he said as he chopped tomatoes .
as she sliced tomatoes at the counter , her mind drifted to reed , going over every detail of the out - of - this - world sex they 'd had less than an hour ago .
so unless they showed up at the market naked and f**ked on a pile of tomatoes , letting him come along compromised her entire stance .
garlic , tomatoes , and a mixture of herbs .
tasted like heaven too , he found out , after holly returned a moment later with a small plate loaded with what looked like veal covered in a creamy tomato sauce and practically forced him to take a bite .
her cheeks were so hot she knew she must look like a tomato .
jason 's face was so red he looked like a little dark - haired tomato .
` ` ah , because she had tomato sauce on her cheek . ''
` ` how about green peppers , mushrooms and tomatoes ? ''
not only had the animosity between them disappeared , but the second he 'd looked at claire , her face had turned into a tomato , a telltale sign something naughty had gone down .
` ` ah , sugar , you 're as red as a tomato . ''
chopping tomatoes or washing the lettuce or something ? ''
i pull a chopping board from a cabinet , a knife from a drawer , and a head of lettuce and a few tomatoes from the refrigerator .
and thanks for your help with the- '' i wave at the small spread of tomato slices out in front of her- ` ` condiments or whatever . ''
i steal glances at her hands to see the moment when she 's finished cutting tomatoes .
it held crispy bacon , two eggs , two hash browns and some sliced fried tomato .
she could n't eat another mouthful , and her cheeks must be redder than ripe tomatoes .
they made the toast as the caterer 's waitress emerged from the villa with their first course , a platter of iberian ham and mozzarella cheese with plump tomatoes drizzled in fragrant local rosemary oil .
kara watched him place ham and tomatoes on his plate .
now she glowed as red as a tomato .
marina could almost picture her blushing like a tomato .
sausages , ham , eggs , fried tomatoes , baked beans and toast completely filled a plate that would normally hold a goose .
well um colins and pierres faces were so scarlet they looked like tomatoes .
exchanging a grin , i gave him the tomatoes .
while he sliced the tomatoes , i washed romaine and red - leafed lettuce heads .
ill have the cesar side salad , double bacon cheeseburger , medium rare , no tomato , french fries with cheese , and a chocolate milk shake .
while i waited for michael to bring me some tomatoes , i put together balsamic vinaigrette dressing , leaning out onto the back deck to pull leaves from lukes potted herb garden .
i focus on the tasks in front of me , pretending like its not emersons face i see drifting to me in the dark , quiet room , or his arms i imagine sliding around me ; his lips brushing against my neck tomatoes ?
as she weaved her way past stalls stacked high with strawberries from huelva , ripe red tomatoes , creamy yellow pumpkins sold by the slice , courgettes , broccoli , potatoes from the river valleys that bordered the town , sweet smelling oranges from valencia , bananas from the canary islands , pink fleshed grapefruits sliced open to reveal their authenticity , it seemed on the surface that the market was the same as any other european street market .
margery did not reply instead she tipped a tin of tomatoes into the pan and gave it a quick stir .
chapter 15 barbara chopped the green tomatoes and pushed them to the side then she started on the shallots .
she lifted some chopped apples out of the water where she had left them to stop them turning brown and put them in a large pressure cooker then she added the shallots , tomatoes and a small amount of water .
nearly , green tomato , but there s apple in it .
yes , he s already had some of the tomato chutney and he says its very popular .
he sat at the table and began to chop some spring onions then he added cucumber , radishes , courgettes and finally sliced some tomatoes .
i know that you like to lock yourself in your room and listen to emo music , and i know how you eat tomatoes even though you hate them because you think they re good for your heart .
i imagine i m the color of a ripe tomato right about now .
i m probably as red as a tomato , but i force myself to look into his eyes .
the only sound was gramma del singing to herself as she washed lettuce at the sink and sliced red , juicy tomatoes .
a traditional cuban meal was spread out on that white linen tablecloth , complete with a citrusy salad of avocados , tomatoes and red onion on a bed of green lettuce , coated with a drizzle of lemon juice and olive oil .
he kept dinner simplea salad of field greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and strawberries , mimicking his aunt betty in that area .
shane hoped he was nt the shade of a ripe tomato .
two plates piled high with spaghetti and a thick well of tomato sauce in - between .
blitz the tomatoes and garlic for the sauce .
then he dons an apron hanging in one of the corners of the kitchen andi watch with my mouth agape , as he deftly stir - fries the veggies , places the sausages on the pan that i d completely forgotten all about and starts reducing the tomato - garlic sauce for the pasta .
two limp carrots , three scaly tomatoes and a small weary - looking cabbage .
something with tomatoes and broth .
they did n't put tomatoes in everything , and their desserts were exquisite .
lettuce and tomatoes on them , and we ' ve got all the food groups covered , except chocolate . ''
` ` you both sit here and watch the lake ; if i need help , like figuring out which is the lettuce and which is the tomato , i 'll ask . ''
i want to make my tomato and green bean salad , spicy cucumber slaw and chocolate - filled raspberries , but i always get avocados , broccoli , spinach , and cauliflower too .
now , more and more , you got these geeks and freaks dressing up as vampire wannabes and goths with pale make - up , drinking tomato juice from a $ 3 goblet that is supposed to be believably expensive .
she told me she did and that she even had some tomatoes if i wanted some .
plus , i got so many damn tomatoes .
i did nt tell her i did nt want her tomatoes or that i probably would nt be hanging out at her house any time soon .
the fruits of the forest , the tomatoes and figs , mulberries and yellow plums , were smaller than the european kind , but sweeter .
at least it smelled good a top note of fresh sourdough , sweet tomato sauce and browning mozzarella over an undertone of stale beer .
i think there was a gardening expert on debating the merits of growing organic tomatoes .
does he know allie hates tomatoes or how to braid her hair ?
back to being an overly ripe tomato .
in any case , the guests will be preparing their own meal , and i think we deserve better than sliced tomatoes and onions on toast , do n't you ?
eggs and sausage and potatoes and tomatoes and biscuits .
it probably reminds him of that amazing stuff you make with the curry and sundried tomatoes and asparagus , i said .
micah produced a small amount of fresh mushrooms , a zucchini and a package of grape tomatoes .
what about the tomatoes ?
they stopped at a small market to pick up a few groceries : buns , shaved meat and a block of cheese , a cucumber and a tomato , and they returned to their flat for a light lunch .
you got any tomato juice ?
he dragged an onion and some basil from the crisper and set them on the counter next to a bowl of tomatoes .
the pasta was way past al dente and the tomato sauce had simmered far too long .
i look down at the pile of bacon and then at the scrambled eggs , which have been cooked with onions and tomatoes .
i stole a cherry tomato from the bowl dana was assembling her salad in ; she shot me a look but kept peeling the carrot .
she went to the cupboard and pulled out some angel hair pasta , then to the refrigerator for parmesan cheese , fresh garlic , tomatoes , parsley , and butter .
if you want it a little more dressed , i can add parsley and chopped roma tomatoes .
they have a cart with all sorts of things to addminced anchovies , chopped scallions , ground hazelnuts , sun - dried tomatoes , capers , various mustards , several kinds of honey : you name it , they ll mix it into your dressing before your eyes .
abigail set a plate of sliced tomatoes alongside the eggs .
together they picked tomatoes , squash , cucumbers , and other vegetables .
first , she would succumb to the sensory pleasure of crust , salty bacon , fatty cheese and rich tomato sauce , her thoughts silenced by the pleasure .
his tongue roamed playfully , rather than aggressively and he tasted nice ; a mixture of merlot and tomato pasta sauce .
and then shed go outside into her garden cause she kept herself a little vegetable garden outside where she growed peas and corn and tomatoes and such like , that she fixed up and made people eat from time to time not that she needed to , cuz tween her food stamps from being so poor , and all the food that my folks and all my uncles and aunts brought over and my daddy always taking her shopping .
he drops the bag when he sees me , tomatoes bouncing out onto the counter and rolling away .
on the restaurants terrace , sally ordered pasta with clams , fresh tomatoes and basil while paolo had grilled fish .
sally and ruth dug into the familiar wedges of crust , cheese and tomato with gusto .
she had packed fresh hard - crusted rolls , a bunch of grapes , a couple of plump orange - red tomatoes , a thick slice of sweet , semi - soft cheese , and a small , but sinful creme pastry that she could n't resist on her local shopping tour .
the combination of sweet tomatoes , oregano and another spice she could nt identify wafted upward when the waiter set down her meal , and she took in a deep breath .
they had to give him a bath in tomato juice .
time to clean out his own desk and head home , to lie blissfully unpestered between the begonias and puny tomato plants on the terrace .
sandwich bread , cheese , a big , ripe tomato cut into equal halves , cucumbers , two cold chicken legs .
cutting onions into thin rings , halving baby tomatoes , slicing a green bell pepper and washing huge salad leaves as well as dark olives felt like a surprisingly attractive pastime .
the past hours had been spent wolfing down a dinner of salad with warmed - up spaghetti with tomato sauce , and rummaging through cupboards , boxes and bags .
i m done for now chapter twenty - one dale finally got that bison chili made for dinner and it was good exceptionally good he cooked it in two large dutch ovens with peppers , black beans , tomatoes and lots of spices .
embarrassed , she immediately turned from him and feigned interest in her study materials , trying desperately to avoid resembling a tomato with hair .
when he returned , he carried two heavy , salad plates laden with various field greens , ripe cherry tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese .
the powerful cutter made short work of the lettuce , while the girls added salad tomatoes and other ingredients as the lettuce flew .
her mom started chopping tomatoes for the salad .
tara placed the tomatoes in a bowl and started on red and green bell peppers .
he used his other hand to reach for a diced tomato .
sophie told him while their mom passed him a diced tomato .
she nodded at him , handing plates round and doling out tomato salad .
said judy flinging a slice of tomato across the table as her eyes lit up with excitement .
she frowned as she whipped the egg and milk concoction , poured it into the heated pan and went back to her refrigerator and pulled out tomatoes , cheese and mushrooms to chop .
he smiled remembering the excitement on her face when she 'd plucked her first ripe tomato .
trellises were carefully tended , supporting climbing tomatoes and beans .
i eagerly eye the sliced tomato and candied walnuts .
i stall as long as i can , popping a tomato into my mouth .
* * * i wipe my counter for the tenth time and take the lid off my tomato basil pasta with seared scallops .
she searched the shelves for the most expensive product in the largest box , tossed it on top of the canned tomatoes , and headed for the cashier .
ro tried hard not to cover her eyes with her hands and knew she was probably about as red as a tomato .
how about adding a tomato ?
eat , drink , do drugs , sex , plant organic tomatoes , etc .
she snatched the scanner away from him but stopped short when she noticed it was flaring as red as a cherry tomato .
his face had begun to turn red and now joan thought he resembled a tomato .
alan was as red as a tomato .
he opens my refrigerator and takes out some eggs , tomatoes and cheese .
you have to keep up your strength and you can only do that by eating healthy , so if you do nt want to eat out , how about we stop and pick up some tomatoes and pasta and i make you a fresh sauce .
he smelled a rich thick tomato sauce wafting in the air .
if anton could see her now , her face would bloom redder than a tomato .
he goes to the fridge , pulls out some tomatoes , washes them , and then begins chopping them up for the salad .
or a luscious omelet filled with mushrooms , sun - dried tomatoes , basil , sauted onions , oozing with creamy jack cheese .
dad reaches down and collects a basket full of tomatoes and cucumbers .
chloe was happy with cubes of ham and cheese and wedges of tomato .
cue the tomato red face i predicted earlier .
we had cherry tomatoes , onions , peppers , mushrooms , cubed steak chunks , cubed chicken and shrimp as ingredients to use .
not only would it draw way too much attention to me , but knowing me , i was going to be blushing at some point and it would take my joke of looking like a tomato too far .
i figured between looking like a ghost or a tomato , having to find a slip was nt a huge issue .
the kids were behaving , granny and daddy played a game of gin rummy and mamma fed everyone a feast of grits , peeled sliced tomatoes , homemade biscuits , ham and scrambled eggs .
halfway through the meal , mamma told trent to call her doris rather than mrs . stone and , appalled , i nearly spit up a piece of sun dried tomato .
mamma concocted tonights version of plantation hash with chicken , sausage , tomatoes , onions and yellow squash .
maya forced her eyes open and saw that her mothers other hand held a glass of what looked like tomato juice and smelled like the spice aisle at gayles grocery .
chapter twenty back at the house , pascale was making open - faced grilled cheese sandwiches , with slices of fresh tomato and bits of black olive and parma ham and a sprinkling of chopped capers on top .
pascale immediately took out four more slices of bread and began to cut more cheese and tomato , and when tully offered to help , she said , do nt be silly , its so easy .
also , well be having potato tacos with cabbage and cotija cheese with a tomato lemon sauce .
i m thinking just some grilled cheese and tomato soup .
much too busy shooting aliens , bad guys , killer tomatoes or whatever was currently invading his screen , darcy thought resignedly .
she added in a rush , before slowing to add , its the warmest aspect and would be great for herbs , tomatoes and other plants that like the heat .
he gave these to darcy to hold onto while he paid for fresh olives , tomatoes and string beans .
the two were sitting around the big kitchen table after a tasty meal of scallops a lorange entree , followed by a main course of chicken normandy , stuffed tomatoes , glazed carrots and fresh green beans .
my cheeks flushed a deep tomato red .
on the counter are tomatoes , olives , onions and lettuce .
the meatless one got extra cheese and tomato chunks , so it did nt look too wimpy next to its meaty brother .
a large tomato was worth one bean , a rabbit ten beans and a slave one hundred beans .
issy felt her cheeks heat up and figured that at this point her face must have been as red as a tomato .
the top choice was tomatoes , followed by lettuce , green and red bell peppers , snow peas , beans , corn , garlic .
adding the tomatoes and the grated zucchini and the chopped celery and carrot .
i scooped up my fork and jabbed some lettuce leaves and a tomato .
he grilled three chicken breasts then made a chicken salad filled with lettuce , spinach , green olives , tomatoes , onion , snow peas , walnuts , apples , mandarin oranges , and dried cranberries .
lennie scurried across the sidewalk and grabbed the ginger ale , then scooped up a cucumber and several tomatoes and placed them inside her bag .
he took hold of it delicately , like one would take hold of a tomato trying to feel its firmness without squishing it .
while ian chopped tomatoes and onions , he asked her about africa .
i threw the tomatoes i 'd just chopped into the bowl of pico de gallo , then shook out my hands , which were still tingling .
` ` i mean , i knew one girl growing up whose only power was the ability to change the color of tomatoes .
a table with a supper tray prepared with a portion of cheese , two tomatoes and two slices of bread .
back in irene 's house they would be having spicy tomato sauce and pasta .
there was a sort of fish and tomato bake .
she would put that in the oven when they arrived with some fresh tomato and basil .
because missy liked to grow tomatoes along the side of the house , miles grew them , too .
she asked , and popped a thin tomato slice into her mouth .
angela picked the lasagne , thick with melted cheese and spicy tomato sauce .
the rich scents of fresh tomatoes , lemon and garlic wafted in the air .
fresh roma tomatoes , basil ... and was that thyme or rosemary ?
` ` tony says he does n't have enough tomatoes . ''
melted mozzarella and fresh tomatoes dripped from the edges of the crust .
the same shriveled head of lettuce , two over - ripe tomatoes and a soft - looking zucchini stared back at her .
lesley added a cherry tomato to her plate .
and my special garden salad , minus tomatoes . ''
` ` you 'll want to get a few cans of the tomato soup that 's on special , '' he said .
if not , i ' m sure i have tomato . ''
his brothers had told him to expect anything ; one sister - in - law had craved spinach salad , another wanted pastrami and olives , still another would wake up in the middle of the night to eat tomato soup and cheddar cheese .
lincoln 's mother had made potato casserole with eggs , turkey , tomatoes , mushrooms , dandelion greens , and three kinds of cheese .
` ` to them , we both just fell off the tomato truck .
` ` it 's exactly what two kids who just fell off the tomato truck would do .
he chopped the onion into clean , regular squares and started on the tomatoes .
i do n't know ... '' christine started spreading tomato sauce with her fingers in bright red swirls on the dough .
arms for picking olives and stirring hearty tomato sauces .
they dined on prawn cocktail as an entree , followed by a grilled lamb with zucchini and tomatoes that his housekeeper had made .
you name it , jeddy 's had it , including honest - to - god real fried green tomatoes , but with a dill agave tarragon cream sauce for dipping instead of ketchup .
` ` did we forget the fried green tomatoes ? ''
madge turned and nearly ran into the kitchen , then emerged with a still - sizzling plate of friend green tomatoes and more cruets filled with sauce from heaven .
palm outstretched , laura flicked her wrist toward josie , the gesture meant to allow her friend first dibs on the tomatoes .
` ` fried green tomatoes , too .
pushing her plate of friend green tomatoes away , she smiled at laura , an encouragingly sympathetic look .
stabbing a tomato , she tried the tiger sauce .
and sometimes he found himself really craving those fried green tomatoes and a toffee caramel peppermint sundae from jeddy 's , so no harm , no foul if he stopped by - right ?
it contained tiny tubes of salad noodles covered in a skimpy tomato sauce with lumps of ground beef and peas .
bennett was still grumbling to himself as he sliced a tomato .
i threw a cherry tomato at him .
keeping the vibe on , my eyes never leaving hers , i spear a slice of tomato with my fork and bite down succinctly on it .
dinner consisted of seared salmon and heirloom tomatoes , potato puree , and basil beurre blanc .
` ` tomato , tomahto . ''
we called her tomato face for two weeks . ''
also another with chicken , feta cheese , tomatoes , and onions . ''
he liked pizza with chicken and feta cheese and tomatoes and onions , and he was controlling sometimes , a bit demanding , but not without reason .
her face was burning hot , and she was pretty sure her normally fair skin was as red as a summer tomato .
` ` because you 're eight and you ca n't even weed the dumb tomatoes . ''
t hat evening , layla did something fairly tasty with chicken breasts , stewed tomatoes , and white beans .
` ` mushrooms , pepperoni and tomatoes .
he added lettuce and a slice of tomato to his burger and closed it before taking his first bite .
the scents emerging from the kitchen , fresh basil and oregano blended with the enticing aromas of garlic and tomatoes , were her undoing .
elise finished the salad and vigorously stirred the tomato and meat sauce simmering on the stove .
they sat at the table and chatted while courtney ate her tomato soup and carrot sticks .
and sun - dried tomatoes in pesto , which susannah had used in a pasta sauce .
a tomato had shriveled up and shrunk to half its original size .
susannah guessed it was a baguette , soft cheese and sun - dried tomatoes in seasoned olive oil .
` ` sun - dried tomatoes ? ''
the bread , cheese and tomatoes were served on paper plates .
two thick steaks sat on the kitchen counter , and the green salad made with lettuce from her garden and fresh tomatoes , green peppers and slivered carrots was in the refrigerator , ready for her green goddess dressing .
every course , from the roasted tomato soup with hot rosemary - scented rolls to the hearts - of - palm salad to her entree was so delicious it practically dissolved on her tongue .
the meat mixture baked with sliced raw potatoes , both covered in tomato sauce .
` ` you can grow tomatoes ? ''
` ` no ... grandma dolores told me about warm tomatoes with salt .
` ` i like tomatoes , too . ''
for ellen 's sake , she chose more conventional makings of cherry tomato , shredded carrots , cucumber and green pepper .
she watered the small tomato , cucumber and zucchini seedlings they 'd planted in egg cartons last sunday .
i 'd heated tomato soup and made cheese sandwiches .
on the way home we stopped at the grocery store and picked up hamburger buns and fresh tomatoes , although cody and brad both hated them .
casey and i liked tomatoes and cheese on our burgers , however , and i was n't about to be cheated out of this small treat .
while i picked out the best tomatoes , brad and cody went to the deli for potato salad and baked beans .
` ` tomatoes . ''
susie asked as she sliced tomatoes .
the tomato juice and celery stick fit with her new ` ` on the wagon '' persona , as did the outrageous flirting , which was n't tough .
trying to salvage the evening , rachel went to work ; she seasoned the chicken with taco seasoning , grated the cheese , diced fresh tomatoes and shredded lettuce .
grace tried not to watch as she peeled potatoes , then bustled about the room , taking the salad fixings out of the refrigerator , washing lettuce , slicing tomatoes and cucumber .
and the green tomatoes for the mincemeat , as well . ''
` ` dad thought we should make tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches for lunch , and we needed stuff for that . ''
her mother ordered a bowl of the tomato bisque soup and a cup of coffee , then sat in the chair across from her .
` ` i do n't suppose you brought me any of your green tomato mincemeat ? ''
you know how he loves my green tomato mincemeat .
i had plenty of green tomatoes this year . ''
where she 'd once tended zucchini and tomatoes had long since been transformed into lawn .
` ` meat , cheese , tomatoes , lettuce and taco shells , '' she said .
` ` fine , but we need taco shells , tomatoes and lettuce . ''
jon had poached halibut in wine and lemon , and topped it with a fresh tomato - and - basil salsa .
eddie echoed , a smear of tomato sauce on his chin .
` ` i think i 'll heat up some tomato soup for lunch , '' she said as they neared the house .
occasionally she threw in some chopped tomatoes .
` ` we appreciate that , eddie , '' rosie said , mixing chopped green pepper and tomatoes into the lettuce greens .
he 'd arranged pale green boston lettuce and baby spinach leaves in a large glass bowl , which sat on the kitchen counter , along with two ripe tomatoes and a cucumber fresh from her garden .
his dark eyes raked the shadowhunters congregated in front of him : george penhallow was locked in a screaming match with sora kaidou of the tokyo institute ; vijay malhotra was jabbing a thin finger into the chest of japheth pangborn , who rarely left his manor house in the idris countryside these days , and who had turned as red as a tomato at the indignity of it all .
she pulled out the bag of lettuce , two tomatoes , a cucumber and a packet of shredded carrots .
she starts with fresh tomatoes straight from her garden .
she gathered the ripe tomatoes from her small garden and checked the bean vines ; the green beans would need gathering in another day or so .
it was so hot that anything cooked seemed too heavy , so she settled for a sandwich of cold cuts and slices from one of the fresh tomatoes she had just picked .
while he was quiet she fed the animals and worked in the garden , gathering the green beans and the few tomatoes that had ripened overnight .
the casserole , fresh peas and sliced tomatoes did a lot of convincing by themselves .
when everything was in the pot she darted out to the vegetable garden and gathered the ripe tomatoes , then ignored the heat and began pulling up weeds .
` ` tuna salad and fresh tomatoes , light and cool . ''
i ' ve been craving a fresh tomato . ''
` ` southerners serve tomatoes with almost everything , '' kell observed .
` ` that 's because almost everything tastes better with a tomato , '' honey defended .
she was from georgia , and passionately fond of tomatoes .
` ` tomatoes , that is .
the house smelled of baking tomatoes and melting cheese .
with delicate grace she took a second toothpick out of the white porcelain holder and spiked a piece of chorizo then added a sun - dried tomato , and offered it to him .
the sweetness of the tomato and the spicy sausage complemented one another .
i swallowed the cherry tomato i was munching on and said , ` ` you know i ' m dying to see your wedding binder , right ? ''
` ` aw , she 's as red as a tomato , '' madoc joked .
she missed her bedroom , which looked out on her dad 's tomato vines .
they say his wife , ellamena , had a lovely garden , and she wanted something to keep the guinea hens out of her tomatoes . ''
the hot pot was plugged in next to the buddha night - light and the whole room smelled like tomatoes .
spring semester , 2012 fried tomatoes at breakfast .
` ` and the morning that we noticed those tattoos were infected , '' cath added , drinking her tomato juice .
four different kinds of juice on tap , including tomato - where else could you get tomato juice ?
four different kinds of juice on tap , including tomato - where else could you get tomato juice ?
then took another long pull of tomato juice .
she had a long , low table set up , draped in newspaper - the sunday comics this week - and dotted with boxes that held this week 's crop : bright red apples , plump raspberries , baskets full of herbs , and the vegetables : green beans , tomatoes , broccoli , and summer squash .
dorothy took it , stared down at the picture of bright red cherry tomatoes on it .
i remember having dinner one night , sitting at that mustard - flecked green formica table , eating my mother 's tasteless welsh rarebit with tomato slices and little sausages .
from here , she could see that dorothy 's small vegetable garden was teeming with growth : bright red tomatoes , green beans , rows of leafy broccoli .
then i 'll rustle up all the fixings , slice a few tomatoes and onions and wash the lettuce and we 'll be set . ''
so i reach over to my groceries , open a can of chopped tomatoes and dump em on her head ! ''
i start moving the olives in my salad to one side and notice nik moving his cherry tomatoes to the side of his container .
` ` you do n't like tomatoes ? ''
then he lifts his container and puts his cherry tomatoes into my salad .
nik puts the tomatoes from his salad on my plate and i put most of my french fries onto his .
we all whoop and lola blushes as red as a tomato .
after nik tickled the life out of me for trying to buy our lunches on friday , i almost got tomato on his sub as payback .
silvio was just about to put the tomato on the sub when i shrieked , ` ` stop ! ''
i shuffled up to the counter and whispered , ` ` no tomato , please . ''
i add water , a little tomato paste , and season to taste then i break up the noodles and throw them in .
every lunch time we swap my tomatoes for her olives .
he adds tomatoes to mine .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
emma asked , emptying a large can of crushed tomatoes into a pan .
he smelled garlic and tomatoes and something else he could n't identify .
he dug into the refrigerator , coming up with an armful of salad greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and a wedge of parmesan cheese .
chase set a big salad bowl on the table , brimming with tomatoes and spring greens , peppers and slices of purple onion .
i pushed my salad around on my plate , aimlessly trying to spear a tomato that resisted the tines of my fork .
i was too tired to make the effort to eat and pushed the plate away , the tomato safe for now .
she gulped the food down greedily and was soon coated from chin to cheeks in tomato sauce .
she preferred salad with meat courses but garrett obviously did n't waste stomach space on lighter fare like lettuce and tomatoes .
sarah stared down at what passed for a green salad at the kountry kitchen cafe - iceberg lettuce , a few cherry tomatoes , and buttermilk ranch dressing .
the pig place served real barbecue , not that tomato - based garbage that most suburban barbecue places served .
i ' m sure violet has the coffee going and probably some of her okra and stewed tomatoes already on the stove .
i found a heat lamp down in the basement - remember that year my dad was trying to grow those tomatoes ? -and i set it up so gabriel will stay warm in his little bed .
he pressed and dragged the point across hadrian 's skin , slicing it like a ripened tomato .
grey had already plunged a fork into a succulent grilled tomato and was chewing blissfully .
around thatched food containers sat cracked coconuts filled with salads , tomato flowerets and frangipani leis .
as we entered the large dining room with a rustic plank - wood table , the smells of garlic and tomatoes and roasting meat greeted us .
i listened as she droned on about the church potluck and her prized tomatoes , occasionally asking her questions and probing deeper .
a heavily cut wooden island held baskets filled with fresh fruit and cloves of garlic , herbs sunk in bottles brimmed with olive oil , dry pastas , and red , ripe tomatoes .
when she walked in , the house practically expanded with the scent of garlic and herbs and tomatoes .
she fought a groan as the spicy tomato sauce danced on her tongue .
the toasty skin swirled with the pungent flavors of garlic and tomato sauce , soothing her temper .
the sharp tang of citrus and salty olives , sweet basil and rich red tomato .
she stowed her bag away , grabbed her apron , and settled herself at the table to chop tomatoes and peppers .
she paused chopping tomatoes and looked at her mother .
the tomato rolled across the chopping board and she grabbed for it .
he 'd never had a frozen vegetable with her and was beginning to get used to the bottles of herbs on the windowsill , the baskets of tomatoes and prunes , grapes and lemons that littered the countertops .
she slid out a thick piece of bruschetta pizza , dripping with tomatoes and enough garlic to cause a stir of homesickness .
try it paired with the tomato . ''
he grabbed a few copper pots , drizzled in the olive oil , and began chopping tomatoes and onions .
massive counters surrounded the space that was covered with fresh herbs , tomatoes , and an array of pots and pans .
hours later , she sat at the large table with bowls of steaming pasta and fresh tomato sauce .
he reached for a couple of tomatoes that were on the counter and began dicing .
the simple act of cutting tomatoes with her by his side eased some of the anxiety he 'd felt up to this point .
when he finished , garrett put the tomatoes in the salad bowl and wiped his hands on a paper towel .
their server returned with a tray of tiny stuffed tomatoes and mushrooms , poured the wine and departed even though they had n't ordered yet .
she sipped her wine , sampled a crab - stuffed tomato and struggled to find a topic that would dilute the romantic atmosphere .
in the kitchen he mechanically plated the smoked mozzarella with sundried tomatoes and peppercorns in a puddle of olive oil while mulling over stacy 's refusal .
this being pregnant was serious business and already the baby had made it clear ` ` she '' was n't keen on particular foods - especially anything with tomatoes .
the picture of the turkey , piled high with lettuce and tomato slices between thick slices of bread , looked appetizing , and he reluctantly set it aside .
they insisted the secret to their pizza was the tomato sauce , made from their special recipe .
as she sliced it , the scent of the tomato sauce and cheese and oregano wafted toward her .
uncle adam , there 's no tomatoes in your salad and , aunt shana , no croutons on yours . ''
` ` your feet were frying like green tomatoes in a skillet and you did n't tell me ! ''
` ` and olives , and green peppers , and tomatoes , '' babs said .
` ` not the tomatoes , '' suz said .
` ` maybe we have one of those envelopes of dry ingredients you mix in with tomato paste . ''
` ` here 's a can of tomatoes , '' she said brightly , holding it up .
we 'll open up the tomatoes , mash them up a little , add some of the garlic , and some of the onion .
after turning the burner on high , she located a can opener and a pan for the tomatoes .
next step , mush those tomatoes into a pulp .
the utensil drawer had the kind of potato masher she remembered her grandmother using , so she took it out and began pulverizing the tomatoes .
the tomatoes were sticking to the bottom of the pan and olive oil was good lubrication .
she was supposed to cook the onion and garlic in the oil first and then add the canned tomatoes .
` ` plain spaghetti , with a sauce made from canned tomatoes , garlic , onion- you know . ''
` ` i 'll look like a ripe tomato , '' gillian muttered as she dumped the suits on the bed .
when i ended up at the check stand , i had four tomatoes and ten boxes of lucky charms .
by the time her sauce was made , the house smelled of red - wine - based tomato sauce and savory thyme - rich meatballs .
` ` there are tomatoes and cucumbers for the salad in the refrigerator . ''
there were community gardens , and if you were a seasonal camper , you could get your own little eight - by - eight plot of land that would be good for growing your salads , your beans , and your tomatoes .
small , potted geraniums began appearing in the metal shopping carts , alongside the sun - dried tomatoes and the bottles of evian water .
fresh tomatoes , onions , tomato paste , garlic .
fresh tomatoes , onions , tomato paste , garlic .
half an hour later , she was stirring the last of the tomato paste into the pot .
when charles returned with their turkey - and - tomato sandwiches and coffee , she smiled at him happily , content to shed the troubled thoughts she 'd carried into town with her .
charles asked , holding his sandwich with both hands to keep bits of tomato and lettuce from escaping .
i needed cool air , quickly , or i 'd be flushed as a tomato and drenched with sweat .
liquid surged in every direction ; blood and lymph , sweat and tears - if i did draw breath , my skin would give way and let it all spurt out , like the contents of a ripe tomato , thrown against a wall .
jamie , now bearing a strong resemblance to a frostbitten tomato , rose abruptly , bowed to the prince with a brief ` ` i thank ye , highness , '' and headed for the door , clutching me by the arm .
a brilliant tide of red washed up out of the v of her white t - shirt , turning her the color of the tomato sauce she insisted on eating with chips .
he and rollo had been first soused in the river , then rubbed with tomatoes from the burgeoning vines that overgrew the necessary house out back .
my own belly muscles were quivering under the strain , but i could see that the patches of exposed flesh above william 's collar were the color of the ripe tomatoes by the privy .
none of us died or suffered ill - effects from eating of this stew , so claire is likely right , tomatoes are not poison .
her paleness was replaced with a hot flush ; she looked like one of claire 's tomatoes .
she knelt and began to unpack the small basket she had brought , laying out small loaves of bread stuffed with cheese and tomato - pickle , a dried - apple tart , and two stone bottles - one of hot vegetable broth , the other of cider .
the pantry shelves bulged with sacks of nuts , heaps of squash , rows of potatoes , jars of dried tomatoes , peaches , and apricots , bowls of dried mushrooms , wheels of cheese , and baskets of apples .
i had tried the expedient of making jamie eat a plate of sliced tomatoes in public view , in hopes that the sight of him would ease some of the new immigrants ' fears .
they looked like two tomatoes , set side by side on a hay bale for judging at a county vegetable show .
so far as i could tell from smell alone , rosamund 's sauce seemed to include tomatoes , onions , red pepper , and enough sugar to leave a thick blackish crust on the meat and a tantalizing caramel aroma in the air .
` ` it 's the tomato fruits she 's using , mac dubh , '' he hissed , tugging at jamie 's sleeve and pointing at the red - crusted bowl .
` ` mama 's got plenty of dried tomatoes , and tons of garlic .
his face , ears , and neck were also flushed the color of a plum tomato ; only the pale skin of his chest had escaped , and even that was dotted with pinpricks of red .
and the way you and your mother are about tomatoes ... '' she smacked her lips reflexively , and giggled when he laughed .
why did you have to mention tomatoes ?
she loves pasta , especially when it 's served with cream sauce and sun - dried tomatoes .
from col arbone to scalp , the burn of infuriation ignited my face in what i was sure was a beautiful shade of tomato red .
what was n't appetizing about fresh , spicy tomatoes , cilantro , onion , blueberries and pancake batter soaked in maple syrup ?
she added a bowl of fresh fruit , a bran muffin , and a slice of tomato .
the tomato juice will hold me over until we eat , and the alcohol will help the dramamine kick in faster . ''
i 'd finally settled upon a local deli boasting organic tomato soup and fresh baguettes - figuring my stomach could maybe handle that - when my phone rang again .
she slashed through a ripe tomato with such force , a spray of seeds and juice misted the countertop .
` ` it 's just pasta and tomato sauce , do n't get too excited . ''
` ` he seems very nice , '' carol agreed , reaching for a slice of tomato .
carol paused , her fork over the plump red tomato .
carol was busy slicing tomatoes for the salad , and her sister - in - law , paula , was spreading garlic butter on thick slices of french bread .
religion and an equally vital question - whether her potential husband was allergic to tomatoes .
chapter six ian straightened from retrieving the bacon , lettuce and tomato from the fridge as gabby sauntered in , wearing his shirt .
` ` so , '' he said , positioning his knife over a tomato and mentally scrabbling for conversation , ` ` a doctor , huh ? ''
he finished the tomato and started on the lettuce in the time it took him to formulate an answer .
dev had pointed to her lettuce wedge and tomato soup .
when she heard royce move closer , she quickly spun around and threw the tomato she held .
the tomato had been a little too ripe .
royce used his hand to wipe the remains of the tomato off his face .
the look of shock that had come over royce 's face when the tomato had hit had been priceless .
the scents of tomato plants and herbs filled the greenhouse , calming hope 's frayed nerves .
` ` are you up for peeling a cucumber and chopping it up with some tomatoes ? ''
layla began to dice the tomatoes .
` ` tomato .
opening the door , the smell of roasted garlic and tomatoes met my nose .
her cheeks have entered tomato territory , but it 's her lusciously swollen lips , the perfect curves hedging out of her sweater that make me want to whisk her away from here in the event my mother has another live grenade stashed in her arsenal .
after working athector 's , she could n't stand the smell of garlic and tomato sauce .
her little purse swung wildly from her wrist , and a couple of cherry tomatoes bounced onto the carpet .
he waggled his eyebrows as he popped a cherry tomato in his mouth .
the table was set with steaming ceramic bowls filled with rice , tomatoes and the delectable - smelling shrimp .
his mouth watered just thinking about what she could do with a fresh fish , a couple of tomatoes , peppers and a few spices .
while it was heating , she chopped the tomatoes and cucumbers for the salad .
after taking a bite , he would sometimes sit up suddenly and fumble with the piece , using his fingers to keep the toppings from sliding off or the tomato sauce from dripping .
sloppy joes have a tomato flavor . ''
she diced cucumbers and tomatoes and added them to the bowl , then set the table with her good china and flatware .
from the refrigerator , elizabeth pulled out some lettuce and tomatoes , along with a block of cheddar cheese , and put them on the counter .
the tomato came next .
she poured in a large can of tomato sauce , then added the onions and peppers and a dash of tabasco , along with salt and pepper .
as she brought them to the table along with a stack of paper napkins , thibault straightened the silverware and plates and grabbed the cheese , lettuce , and tomatoes .
it 's got sprouts , tomatoes , cucumbers , and i came up with the pesto recipe myself . ''
lexie was dicing tomatoes and carrots over the sink , rinsing as she went along .
after straightening her shirt , she reached into another bag and set two onions off to the side , along with two large cans of san marzano tomatoes .
beside her , he saw a medium - size salad bowl ; in it were small chunks of tomatoes and olives .
` ` well , since your mother was italian , i ' m sure you ' ve heard of san marzano tomatoes . ''
` ` they 're tomatoes .
` ` actually , they 're the sweetest and most flavorful of all tomatoes , especially in sauces .
ignoring him , she poured both cans of tomatoes into the pot , then added a whole stick of butter to the sauce .
the wooden spoon had left a smudge of tomato sauce on the counter after she had picked it up to stir , and she put it in the same spot when she was finished .
` ` i made him your famous tomato sauce . ''
i knew he would open the can of tomato sauce right after that , and again , i was n't proved wrong .
i watched as savannah pulled out a head of lettuce and tomato from the bottom drawer of the fridge .
she rinsed them under the faucet , diced the tomatoes and the lettuce , and added both to a wooden bowl .
she pulled out a tomato andbrought it to her nose .
on ayellow plastic plate were crackers and slices of tomatoes and cucumbers , although she could n't arrange them tolook the way she wanted .
she left a cucumber on the counter , along with iceberg lettuce and a tomato for a salad .
she began to cut the tomato , making a long slice .
tears were on her cheeks and she had to keep shifting her weight to keep the pain at bay as she finisheddicing the tomato .
harry , bless his heart , dutifully stepped forward , camera in hand , and flashed two or three photos of the couple posing in front of what might have been a red flower or a painting of a squished tomato or possibly the aftermath of a murder scene .
with her back to ruby , she scavenged through the cupboards , finding several cans of tomatoes , a bag of angel - hair pasta , an unopened bottle of olive oil , jars of marinated artichoke hearts and capers , and a container of dried parmesan cheese .
then she opened the canned tomatoes .
` ` we 'll need several cans of tomatoes , '' nora said .
ruby put back the unacceptable canned tomatoes and chose the ` ` right '' brand .
it hit a tomato with a juicy thwack !
it 's only tomato soup .
not once in all her life could she recall having seen her brother blush , yet there he was , as red as a ripe tomato and looking more uncomfortable than a fish out of water .
the food was brought in a moment later : grilled trout bathed in a creamy lemon and dill sauce , small potatoes , and a tomato and onion salad .
well , mary had to admit that the insult she 'd thrown at him with as much vigor as a spectator might apply in tossing rotten tomatoes at a poor performance in the east end had been grossly misplaced and merely a depiction of her own furious temper , which generally escalated with alarming haste whenever ryan summersby opened his mouth to speak .
her hair was a brassy red , her face a map of the london streets with all its lines , and her body best resembled an overripe tomato ready to burst at the seams .
it came toward him with the blind hunching of a tomato worm .
and tomato .
the tomatoes are from mexico .
could n't you have at least gotten orange tomatoes ? ''
a delicious tomato - and - garlic scent filled the air .
next he retrieved a bowl of marinated green beans with grape tomatoes and a pitcher of iced tea from the refrigerator and placed them in the middle of the table , then he sat across from her and filled their glasses .
he watched her tuck a tomato between her lips and something changed in his eyes .
the kitchen filled with the tantalizing aromas of fresh tomatoes and garlic .
a woman wearing a fake fur that looked fake told the roving reporter that all at once these two big guys came in and started shooting at the man lying on the floor over there , at which point the camera operator panned over to where danny was lying in an ocean of slippery pizza toppings , blood and tomato sauce mingling to create an op - art camera op .
blaine all of a sudden thought he had to be very careful here because somehow they 'd learned about his relationship with enrique ramirez , and that was a road that led directly to guide 's pizzeria and a lot of spilled tomato sauce .
he could imagine kim on the other end , standing near the stove , stirring pasta or dicing tomatoes , the phone cocked between her ear and shoulder .
she grew tomatoes and onions , turnips and beans , cabbage and corn , and in the summers , it was impossible to see the road that fronted the house from the living room .
as soon as she got inside , her dad had encouraged her to follow him to the kitchen , where he had made another pasta dish - tomatoes , eggplant , squash , and zucchini over penne .
this one has onions , mushrooms , and tomatoes cooked in olive oil , served over pasta , and tossed with parmesan cheese .
one evening while cooking chili for dinner , he suddenly felt a sharp , stabbing pain and doubled over , knocking the pan from the stove , strewing tomatoes and beans and beef across the kitchen floor .
your mother was slicing tomatoes in the kitchen and your father was grilling tuna on the back porch .
` ` i ' m going to cut up some tomatoes for the salad , '' she announced .
linda diced tomatoes and cucumbers and shredded the lettuce , then tossed everything together in a brightly colored bowl just as luke returned with the steaks .
she selected tomatoes with the care and deliberation he imagined a woman might use when selecting an important piece of jewelry .
she glanced at the window but her own reflection on the darkened glass stared back at her instead of the lush greenery and bright flowers and tomatoes filling the trio of container gardens mitch had sent her .
i ' m making a taco salad and if you have fresh tomatoes bring one .
` ` i ' m on my way , and i ' ve got a tomato , '' angie said , ` ` but when i get there , i want details about the meeting with dr .
the salad fixings were in a large bowl , awaiting angie 's tomato .
we go down to the kitchen , where she cooks me some delicious eggs scrambled with cheese and tomatoes , and i actually swallow all of my pills because i feel i owe it to mom after knocking her down and upsetting my father .
she winks at me and then lifts the lid off the single pot on the stove , releasing a warm tomato and basil aroma .
we eat fancy ham sandwiches with some sort of sun - dried tomato paste , and when i finish , i ask caitlin if the ceremony was a nice one .
riley did n't look up as he started slicing tomatoes and spreading mustard .
the pungent aromas of garlic , thyme , simmering tomatoes , and baking bread filled the air .
mama wiped her cheek , leaving a red tomato trail behind .
angie watched her mother move through the boxes of fresh vegetables , choosing the same things day after day : tomatoes , green peppers , eggplants , iceberg lettuce , yellow onions , and carrots .
it takes the very best tomatoes . ''
mira was standing off to the side , chopping tomatoes .
bending forward , she seasoned the fish steaks with salt and pepper , dotted the tops with fresh thyme and parsley and chopped cherry tomatoes .
the tomatoes were very good this week . ''
mira , go get more tomatoes . ''
tomorrow i make asparagus - potato gnocchi with fresh tomatoes .
they 'd run out of the risotto with mussels and saffron by eight , and it looked like the salmon over angel - hair pasta with roasted tomatoes and artichoke heart aioli would n't last another hour .
the one time she had brought her parents here , mama had spent the whole night in the kitchen , chastising the chef for cutting tomatoes for marinara .
the pungent aroma of sizzling garlic and onion and simmering tomatoes filled the cottage .
lauren did n't belong across town anymore , in that cottage perched above the sea or in the restaurant that smelled of thyme and garlic and simmering tomatoes .
she came back a few minutes later with six - inch - high sandwiches , layered with sliced turkey , ham , roast beef , lettuce , tomato slices and onion .
he set the food on the counter , began rinsing a tomato .
a small sauce pan of tomato sauce simmered on the other burner , and the rich smell of tomatoes , garlic and basil teased my senses .
but ... .. '' ` ` and , jack , you ca n't turn a puppy this size over to a three - year - old boy any more than you can put him in charge of eggs and ripe tomatoes . ''
i poured the alfredo and pasta into her deep plate , and slid the blackened cajun chicken on top , and then sprinkled over it some diced tomatoes and green onions .
like onion and garlic and tomato sauce . ''
oh , then onions , tomatoes , and mushrooms so perfectly cooked they melted in her mouth .
nox watches me eat and a look of disbelief crosses his features when i finish my plate of eggs , bacon , toast , and pan - fried tomatoes .
this time , i order the tomato and cheese omelet and it 's moist and fluffy .
the vegetables would be perfectly tender , their flavors merged into a silken tangle of tomatoes , sweet peppers , string beans , and walla walla sweet onions ; all of it swimming in a rich garlic - and - lemon - tinged lamb broth with big chunks of succulent meat .
` ` i ' m going to make you a chorizo omelet , '' emily said , pulling out cheese , tomatoes and something that looked like ground beef .
she spotted a tomato grease stain from one of the kids she 'd served in the diner .
actually an umbrella with a tomato stem on top , with a familiar female waiting and waving underneath the bright shelter .
the only place they 'd never made love was in that tomato - red room since she 'd said it was meant for guests , which somehow made it off - limits for sex .
` ` tomato soup ? ''
just the two of them , clinking wineglasses , tasting her pear salad , and then dining on a meal of pheasant with pecan stuffing , creamed spinach , and roasted tomatoes .
the salad was in the refrigerator , the ingredients for the creamed spinach ready to be combined on the stove top , and the pheasant and tomatoes prepared and ready to slide into the oven as soon as connor got back .