just like the women , he 'd worn bathing trunks under his jeans .
happy that the women 's attention was directed away from him , jamie took his time stripping down to his swim trunks and moved a few yards away before slipping into the cool water .
covering up a boner in swimming trunks was nearly impossible , and there was no way i was going to do so out in the open with our relatives and friends milling about .
only a few more days , jack thought as he threw on a t - shirt over his swim trunks .
he stood wearing only a pair of blue swim trunks , bare - chested and hair still rumpled from sleep .
` ` i do n't know why i did n't think of this , but i do n't have any swim trunks . ''
lois arrived at seven to make breakfast and was quick to notice the men 's swim trunks lying by the pool .
pulling on a pair of swimming trunks , he headed down to the beach .
as she watched , he dropped his shirt onto a chair and stood there in only swimming trunks and nothing else .
when her bathing suit was tossed to the side , instead of coming down beside her , he stood up and tossed his own swimming trunks off and on top of the string bikini he 'd bought her the first day .
and the ideal swim trunks .
alexandra swung around , saw her trunks and turned back to him , her eyes blazing with rebellion .
the sensation made me eager , and i pulled on his swimming trunks with my toes .
go change into your trunks and swim with me . ''
he had her inside , she did n't register how , in the back , secured on a stretcher , then stood up to strip down to his knee - length swimming trunks before kneeling beside her .
i watched in amazement as he yanked his trunks down and his still - erect c**k sprung from its confines .
but our confrontation was interrupted by chandler and four other teenage boys boisterously entering the pool area , dressed in swim trunks and carrying towels .
i 'd yet to change from my trunks after my earlier laps in the pool .
i walked into the gym and went straight to our private locker room to change into my swimming trunks .
i had to resist the urge to lap up the water with my tongue and pull down his green swim trunks to see what else i could use my tongue on .
ty pulled on his swim trunks and said , ` ` what are you waiting for , emma jean ?
she cupped them , which was n't helping his lack of desire to put on swim trunks .
he adjusted himself as discreetly as possible in his swim trunks .
four after an hour under the blazing hot sun , watching alex in swim trunks , his tanned six - pack glistening with sweat , those tattoos looking delicious enough to lick , madison was ready to cave in to every carnal desire running through her mind .
but then she 'd turned and looked at ryan , who lay beside her in swimming trunks , and decided life could be much , much worse .
i 'd seen the entire tattoo only once before at a party on evan 's boat when cole had stripped down to swim trunks .
he wears swim trunks low on his hips and an open short - sleeved button - down .
men wearing everything from swim trunks to business suits .
she was tying herself back into her bikini while i pulled on my swim trunks when she said something that gave me pause .
i packed a small suitcase with one nice suit , swim trunks , several t - shirts and athletic shorts , plenty of boxer briefs , one extra pair of nice shoes , and the essential toiletries , prepped my work issues for a two - week absence , and left my house at ten a.m. , clear instructions in my head , per iris .
he walked to the bedroom with her and while she was putting on her bikini , he dug his swim trunks from his suitcase .
it 'd be a feather in their cap if you showed up in swim trunks and a t - shirt , no doubt . ''
with one hand supporting her weight on his hips he used the other to push down his swim trunks and moments later they joined her swimsuit floating next to them .
sam put on his swim trunks and walked out into the hall , where he ran right into nik .
max remedied the situation by dropping his swim trunks .
unable to temper the anxiety coursing through my veins , i change into a pair of trunks and decide to swim laps and burn off this excess energy while i wait for her to get home .
i uncross my legs from around his waist , my bare feet coming to a rest on the pool floor and i begin unlacing the string holding his swim trunks closed .
he shed his swim trunks and moved in behind her .
mike pulled up his trunks as jessie got to her feet .
but i will put on my swimming trunks if it makes you happy . ''
rielle noticed immediately , fixed him a drink and suggested he change into swimming trunks and come out to the pool .
the boys had brought swimming trunks , but no towels , so after they 'd exited the water they 'd had to dry off in the sun .
he wore only swimming trunks , showing off a body very much like the one gideon boasted today .
rol ing his eyes , wil iam withdrew paris 's cel phone from the pocket of the swim trunks he 'd borrowed .
he sported a simple white tee that hugged his heavy biceps and rippled chest , and a pair of swim trunks that could have doubled as golf shorts .
over the years , she 'd seen him in swim trunks dozens of times .
i realized , as i watched clay tug off his shoes and shorts , revealing his trunks , that we always came back here .
he removed his swimming trunks , adding them to the pile of soggy clothing on the ground .
he was shirtless and only wore a pair of white swim trunks .
his own swim trunks were similar , but in black .
it takes less than five minutes for me to throw on my swim trunks so i hang out with the lovebirds for a second while ally gets ready .
ally monroe has been doing her best to elicit a boner in me all the way over , and with nothing but my swim trunks on there is n't a lot of room to hide the evidence .
the heat and humidity have reached a pinnacle , reducing the house to a brick oven , so i throw on my swim trunks and grab my journal before heading out to the pool .
i open my eyes to find matt standing over me , clad only in black swimming trunks , opening the umbrella over me .
he promptly took off his robe and i saw what i saw at the gym but more of it seeing as he was only wearing boxing shoes and a pair of green satin boxing trunks with a white waistband and little white shamrocks at the outer side hems .
it was highly titillating watching jake in boxing trunks seize my panties from the floor by the cinderblock wall where he 'd first taken me .
hands still taped , he tugged out a matching pair of pants and yanked them on over his trunks .
she looked down at my swimming trunks .
i finally opened my eyes and looked up to see luke pulling down his boxer trunks .
although he was dressed - in swim trunks , a t - shirt and flip - flops - his thick blond hair stood up on one side and his eyelids drooped with sleep .
kennedy was wearing a t - shirt with his swimming trunks , but considered taking it off so he could get in the water .
rex walks in wearing his swim trunks and a towel wrapped around his shoulders .
he took my hand and ran it over his trunks .
her hands went for the fly of my swimming trunks and she rapidly pulled them open , grabbing my whole c**k and pulling it out .
after grabbing some swimming trunks , i headed into the kitchen and started making us egg sandwiches .
ford was so happy , he leaned over and kissed me , before getting up and pulling on a pair of swimming trunks .
the most handsome piece of man that i 'd ever seen was bent over , pulling off a pair of wet swimming trunks .
when i felt like my balls were literally sticking to the side of my legs , i decided to grab a pair of swimming trunks and hop into the pool .
his shirt was off , while he sported a pair of black swimming trunks .
she told herself the briefs covered as much as a pair of swimming trunks would .
i tied my swim trunks and headed back toward the bathroom to brush my teeth .
i stared at myself , all tattoos , dog tags , muscles , swim trunks and five - o - clock shadow - it hit me .
my gaze fell to his erection , which strained against his swim trunks .
macon tossed me a wetsuit before stripping down to his swim trunks and stepping into his own suit .
dylan pulled his own , perfectly normal sized swim trunks out of his suitcase .
he undid his swim trunks and unwrapped the condom .
i pulled a soggy dollar bill out of my swimming trunks .
on saturday , i bring her to the gym with me , looking very come - worthy in my rolled - up boxing trunks , a sports bra , and gloves .
my eyes open and cash is standing above me wearing nothing but a pair of swim trunks .
long black swim trunks , old surfing t - shirt , unzipped fleece - he was ready for a day on the water .
when the first generation of my family to branch off the philadelphia trunk had traveled here so many years ago , what would become the town of mendocino was still a small settlement .
amanda waited to feel her panties heat up at the thought of orlando in swim trunks , but for some odd reason it did n't happen .
` ` hope you brought your swimming trunks , '' she comments in a chipper voice .
he was a lean , honed man in a pair of fitted swim trunks he must have worn under the diving gear .
she forced her attention back to pearl to keep from drooling over stone in swim trunks .
she 'd seen him in swim trunks before and noticed he was a handsome guy , but goodness , had she been wearing blinders ?
his assistant tugged a stark white t - shirt over his head and tucked it into his navy swim trunks , a preppy antithesis of max .
sliding his swim trunks down and off , he backed her into the shower before she caught nearly enough of a glimpse of him .
she tugged at his waistband and together they sent his swim trunks flying into the pool .
he 'd shed his swim trunks and his big , beautiful body stood poised at her entrance .
her gaze traveled from his face down his bare chest , over his swim trunks , which now sported a definite bulge , to his bare feet , and back again .
he stood and with one swift yank removed his trunks .
he gestured to his polo swim trunks and t - shirt .
she 'd much prefer riley in his swim trunks to the tight speedos .
` ` she ca n't see you , '' i say as i push the pants down over his hips , revealing his flesh - toned trunks .
he had tugged his shorts on over his lounging trunks he put on to traipse around the house .
he hands me the key to the wooden box my father left for me and i shove it in the pocket of my swim trunks .
a simple rectangular in - ground pool stood in the center of the yard , surrounded by guys in swim trunks and girls in bikinis .
in the bathroom , i shucked off my own wet swim trunks in favor of some gym shorts .
good , it was far enough toward the fifth finger that i could work without damage to the main nerve trunk .
less than five minutes later , hardy emerged wearing his swim trunks .
he eases the material down his legs , revealing black swim trunks and , beyond them , the most perfect legs i ' ve ever seen .
as he pressed his body down against her , she felt him stiffen through the thin material of his swim trunks .
her hands found the waistline of his swim trunks and it took every ounce of effort not to just rip them off .
a throaty laugh escapes her as i hurriedly shove my swim trunks off me , kicking them away .
while i got him into his swim trunks and floaties , jake borrowed a pair of brayden 's swim trunks .
while i got him into his swim trunks and floaties , jake borrowed a pair of brayden 's swim trunks .
the door on the right swung open , revealing jake in some swim trunks .
there are girls in bikinis and guys in swim trunks that i have n't seen before .
just think of swim trunks and quit ogling him .
treating me to a warm chuckle that i felt vibrate against my skin , braydon let the swim trunks fall down his legs and stepped out of them .
she appeared to be nude , just their hands covering her private areas , while they modeled a luxury line of men 's swim trunks .
he 's still wearing the trunks from the fight the afternoon before .
i found nik laying on a lounger with nothing on but a pair of swimming trunks .
the inside of his swim trunks was scratchy and uncomfortable , and the rash he would most certainly develop later in the day was already prickling his skin .
she could feel the warmth of his body as his trunk pressed against her and she instinctively leaned forward against him .
soon after , similar software mutually translates : primates gestures and vocalizations ; birds sounds and head motions ; tail and head movements , ear and tail twitches and changes in spinal positions , along with growls , whines , purrs , roars and barks of felines , equines , cattle and dogs ; elephants trunk and ear movements , with their trumpeting , whining , chortling , growling , hooting .
he placed the remaining coconut under his shirt and tucked the shirt into his swim trunks to hold it while he climbed .
jeff quickly realized that his swim trunks and t - shirt were a little unusual for 17th century attire .
jeff slid off his shirt and started to slide off his swim trunks when he noticed robinson looking at him with a slight smile and a gleam in her eye .
jenny opened her chest and pulled out jeffs swim trunks .
a few men followed them down to the crews quarters and flopped into their bunks as jeff slid off his swim trunks and pulled on his pants .
ill run back and change into my swim trunks .
she rubbed tammys trunk once more and then went over , picked up her shovel and put it away .
she pulled out the ugly grey gym trunks and oversize mens tank top that she planned to wear this time around .
* * * * * * fifteen minutes later eoin had found a place to park , and a local store near laugardalur had sold them both cheap swim trunks .
it seemed to well over him ; his arms , his hands and legs and trunk .
he had changed into clothes from the store : a pair of swimming trunks and a tee shirt that said ` ` ingen bioengineering labs '' and beneath , ` ` we make the future . ''
he wore a white cotton robe over a pair of red nike swim trunks .
he wore only a pair of white quicksilver trunks and a loose shirt , unbuttoned .
under his suit , monk had stripped to a pair of boxer trunks .
he stands in our spot in the small reception room , wearing a new set of swimming trunks , brown with hard muscles and naked toes .
silas lunged in for the win unraveling a flurry of punches , but not a one found ollies face or trunk .
i did nt know what he had planned but the thought of owen in swim trunks with a view of those piercings , whatever they were , almost had me running out of class to pack .
he wore swim trunks and sandals and a towel across one shoulder .
and that trunk how will i ever get back home ?
she would nt normally have noticed , but the two were in swim trunks and neither boy was wearing a shirt .
he s wearing just his swimming trunks , and i am loving the view of his abs .
viktor hurdled over trunks to get a look at the list .
i spent half my time pulling swim trunks back on , and the other half trying to keep the boys from trying to pull down each others trunks .
the platform wrapped completely around the trunk and was supported by the limbs below .
xanthus put on dark swimming trunks , flip - flops , and nothing else .
fire in his infernal body gradually extinguished as his severed trunk descended from the height of the molar .
he has his swimming trunks on , a pair of sunglasses , and a beach towel slung over his shoulder .
vadim vasin changed into the swimming trunks and put on a new light shirt both items bought the previous day in leningrad especially for this occasion .
the shirt followed , and now , wearing only his swimming trunks he was ready to meet the sea for the first time .
it was a bit chilly and i was wearing a cotton warm up suit over my swimming trunks .
when joe joked that he had forgotten his swimming trunks aimon turned a bright shade of red and the girls teased her good naturedly about her fancying him throughout the rest of the day .
tongariro , north island , new zealand the desert road was the main trunk road that connected auckland in the north to wellington in the south .
i shoved my hands into the pockets of my swim trunks .
stiffly he stepped to the balcony just in time to see alex crawling out of the pool , his butt crack showing in his hanging swimming trunks .
i meet him with a towel in hand , wearing only a pair of swimming trunks .
i retrieved my swimming trunks , laid them on the bed , and then walked over to the dresser and took off my shirt .
he exhaled smoke through his mouth and trunk !
there were fewer line jumpers than usual , and the crack crew of trained professional trunk slammers was on the ball .
he put on his swim trunks , tank top and running shoes before making the bed .
in the summer months on the penobscot it was swim trunks , a polo , and docksiders for the men .
swim trunks ?
unfortunately , it did nt jive with swim trunks and a tank top .
will had brought a pair of swim trunks and a towel with him , and danny directed him to a changing cabana beside the garage .
jon did nt have any fighting trunks , so he went old - school and threw on his marine corps issued combat boots and desert digital camouflage pants for his cage fighting debut .
at the fremington junction he makes a firm decision to take the first exit and hit the main trunk back to bideford .
he put on swimming trunks , removed the barricade from in front of the door , and went out into the passage .
the rest of the blunt end was all knife - edged , rather ugly , trunk .
bond rolled his swimming trunks into a towel , put on a dark blue sea - island cotton shirt over his slacks , and slung leiter 's geiger counter over his shoulder .
it seemed to begin in his legs and spread up his trunk and arms and neck .
the chief inspector opened a desk drawer and took out a pair of swim trunks in a plastic bag .
she picked up her husband 's swim trunks that she had taken from the house and carried them out to the beach .
another clever rendezvous , ambler judged , as the men disrobed and changed into plaza - provided swim trunks .
as mcconnelly turned the lights on again , he saw a six - foot - tall man in swim trunks .
he walked silently to a chair by the curtained window , where he had thrown a pair of swimming trunks several days ago .
a thin copper wire , insulated except for the tip , was then inserted through the trocar to the spinal root itself , the trunk through which nerve impulses from the entire body made their way .
` ` so he goes home , sleeps it off , wakes up , puts on some swim trunks and heads out to the beach . ''
in swimming trunks , i ran up the pier toward the shore , leapt into the grass , and waited .
25 trunk boy whitey and sean had a late lunch in pat 's diner , one highway exit down from the barracks .
she watched avidly as he stepped out of them to reveal a pair of loose , black swim trunks .
he sat , one hip perched on the edge of her lounge chair , and was still in only his swimming trunks , but now held a bottle of lotion in his hand .
anders watched her leave , and then hurried upstairs to his room to change into his swim trunks , glad he 'd thought to throw them in when he 'd packed his bag .
that was n't why he was eagerly yanking off his clothes and dragging on his swim trunks though .
` ` let me just take one lap and i 'll see you out , '' he said , backing away from her and hoping the distance and one lap would give his erection a chance to dissipate enough that it would n't look like he had a tent pole in his swim trunks when he got out .
he reached beneath the surface , pulled off his swim trunks , then tossed them on the shore .
on that note , he headed for the training center , dressed in nothing but his swimming trunks .
however , i would encourage you to always have trunks on when you swim .
within a pounding heartbeat , his fingers were absent from my throbbing flesh , and i felt him slide his swim trunks down .
he must have slipped his jeans over his swim trunks .
he wore only a pair of swim trunks .
he took the large scalpel and drew it down redfern 's chest , making the y incision from the left and right collarbones down on two diagonals to the top of the sternum , then straight down the center line of the trunk , over the abdomen to the pubis bone .
the vampire 's arms wo nt up in a roflox of solf - protoction boforo its trunk and limbs collapsod .
` ` i ' m coming in , '' hayes , dressed in swim trunks and a t - shirt , grinned and pulled his t - shirt over his head before jumping in .
sali wore his swim trunks and a shirt he left unbuttoned .
` ` ashe , get up from there and get into your swim trunks , man , '' sali said .
i grabbed some swim trunks , an old sleeveless t - shirt , and some flip - flops .
` ` but what about swimming trunks ? ''
i ' m in a hurry , wanting to grab my towel and trunks and get down to the pool before mom and dad , so i can bag a place close to ( but not too close to ) the blonde , if she 's there .
he rolled away for just a second and came back with his swim trunks .
we looked up to find rixon standing over us in swim trunks and a tank , with a towel thrown over his shoulder .
` ` quite the bacchanal , '' melanie says approvingly , nodding to the guys in swim trunks holding bottles of tequila by the neck , the girls in sarongs with their hair freshly cornrowed .
my father out of uniform , in a pair of flower - print swim trunks , pulling a cooler filled with cookout supplies out of the trunk of our family 's convertible .
` ` gavin , '' i said loudly as i got up , ` ` i think you left your swim trunks in the pool house last time you were here .
after we get to our hotel room and take a much - needed shower , we head to the nearest department store to buy him a pair of swimming trunks and me a bikini , intent on heading to the ocean for a swim .
his red - and - black swim trunks come to his knees .
noah tossed me a pair of swim trunks , and i changed under the water .
his heavy cotton cargo shorts did n't hide it , and neither did the swim trunks he 'd worn during the slip and slide party .
we had already changed into swim trunks before we pulled up .
i had to step to my left to adjust my growing problem in my swim trunks .
he was wearing only a pair of swim trunks and seeing him without a shirt brought back memories .
i pulled his swimming trunks down right there in the restaurant .
as he spoke , trunk flexed his huge , elongated and extremely powerful arms and threw off both his guards with the ease of a child tossing away a small doll .
reaching trunks side slade put out his hands , palms down , in the universal gesture of friendship .
for such a large creature , trunk moved surprisingly fast , loping along on his long legs so that slade and wulfstan lost sight of the ogre - troll almost immediately .
it was unlikely trunk had gone in that direction ; the narrow hall appeared to be completely deserted .
nikolai need quiet , you go outside , we come soon , trunk said firmly .
all three men turned to look at nikolai standing in the doorway leaning heavily on trunks arm .
only trunk appeared unaffected , gazing calmly at his friend .
if it had not been for trunk 's incredible natural strength they would never have made it this far .
wulfstan asked , as he entered the room , trunk on his heels .
sitting nearby next to the giant half - ogre , half - troll called trunk ; nikolai was leaning back against the wall , eyes closed .
beyond them , almost at the far mouth of the clearing , lara was sitting cross - legged in front of trunk who was leaning back against the far wall .
as wulfstan struggled to his feet , sword in hand , trunk looked up from the opposite wall and uttered a high - pitched , undulating scream .
trunk reacted instantly to laras scream , scooping up the halfling woman and cradling her against his broad green chest as though she were a baby .
out of the corner of his eye the necromancer could see trunk , who was still screaming , now standing frozen in fear .
that someone he had come to consider a valued friend and a trusted companion should be subjected to the indignities that trunk was forced to endure while nikolai remained unable to help was absolutely insupportable .
unfortunately trunk was standing near the opening of the tunnel leading back towards the prison and the rapidly growing population of tunnel spiders stood between him and the opening leading outside .
lara was still trying to calm trunk down , talking quietly to the ogre - troll but unfortunately it appeared her efforts were making little impression and trunks high pitched terrified screams continued .
incredibly the huge fireball had dropped cleanly along the opposite wall from where trunk was standing , incinerating all the remaining spiders in the process .
the big minotaur had barely begun to move when he noticed trunk walking slowly and purposefully , straight into the flames towards wulfstan .
in minutes or less trunk would be consumed by the fire and the soldier , screaming from the agony of being burned alive , would still die .
wulfstan was easily the most badly burned with trunk a close second , the large creatures skin , almost liquefied by the heat of the flames , now oozing and puddling at his enormous bare feet .
immediately behind her was trunk , holding wulfstan carefully yet still maintaining a high speed .
neither slade nor roulibard had returned from their errand yet and trunk sat down near wulfstans head and laid one huge hand on the wounded soldiers forehead .
the minotaur priest cast a curious glance at trunk and then walked closer to the arguing pair until he was standing right behind wulfstan , towering over the tall soldier .
nikolai had solved the difficulty by suggesting that trunk carry the halfling woman , close to his chest with her legs dangling .
lara , when told of the plan , had simply giggled and jokingly told trunk not to drop her or shed bite his feet .
trunk like slade , trunk interjected .
as everyone laughed and reassured the ogre - troll , slade eyed trunk speculatively .
it suddenly occurred to slade to wonder exactly who and what trunk really was , and how he had come to be so inextricably linked with nikolai .
nikolai paused , looking at trunk , his eyes shadowed with sadness .
i got the shock of my life when trunk wandered in three days later .
as nikolai lowered his head trunk reached out and clumsily patted the mage on the head , very much , slade thought to himself , like a parent would comfort a child .
we were planning on making our way back to malerok , nikolai eventually continued when he had regained his composure , when trunk was captured again .
somehow i have to get trunk back to saxenburg , get the information i have back to lord nexus and , nikolai paused for a rueful chuckle , keep an eye on you slade .
everything , he realized suddenly he had nt spent much time down at the beach , so he threw on his trunks and grabbed his towel .
luke had to use a spray - on local anesthetic to peel off the swim trunks and skin from trs boudreaux .
he half - sat on the workbench , pulling the child over him - together , the skin of his chest on the bare skin of jonathon 's back , they breathed , shallow at first like uncontrollable sobs but loosening , deepening , slowing , and anson whispered softly the only tune that came to mind : i'mmmmmm a liiiiittle nervousssss 'bout what you 'll think when yoooou seeeeee me in myyyyyyy swimming trunks and laaaast night new yooooork i got raging drunk remembeeeeer one time i gooooot raging drunk with you the boy 's body was limp .
he needed to kill some time , so he changed into swim trunks and went to the outdoor pool for some quick laps to help him relax and exercise his muscles .
his lower back and abdominal muscles were nt yet capable of supporting his trunk .
she gave a half laugh / half sniffle and said as if you care , but she was still not replacing the item in its holder , then something strange happened , her naked nipple sprang to life , it was like an organ stop , and it was quickly followed by something in my swimming trunks , which she could nt take her eyes off .
then she noticed the minor disproportions in the sizes of his head , trunk , limbs , and hands .
` ` got your swim trunks on , brad ? ''
cursing horribly to himself , he rummaged through a dresser , found a faded pair of swim trunks and hastily pulled them on .
prewitt wears only swimming trunks and sandals .
and , why are you wearing only swimming trunks ?
there was no sense in putting it off , he changed into his green and orange swim trunks and went up into the living room of the boat .
bills swim trunks however were still in the hawaiian theme and went almost to his knees .
the elephant sat up and inhaled the fumes of burning car mingling with the ganja , and roared its trunk in ecstasy .
mito pushed experimentally against the trunk , which flexed slightly .
getting up , he closed his laptop and grabbed his swimming trunks from the top drawer of his dresser .
before she had a chance to mention something about his absence , he removed his t - shirt and shorts , leaving him in just swim trunks .
it would work against the new trunk , because there were n't enough of those captains now .
i aim one of my last two arrows at cato 's head , knowing it 'll have no effect on his trunk or limbs , which i can now see are clothed in a skintight , flesh - colored mesh .
it seemed to press upon his trunk so that he could hardly use his lungs ; it seemed to close in on his skull like a crown of intolerable weight so that for a space he could hardly think .
the elephants were covered with pakhar armor , steel plates around the sides of their bodies and a special steel casement for their head and trunk .
encircling head , chest , hips and legs , bonding limbs with trunk , they cocooned the god - king .
after putting on the swimming trunks , jordan came down again .
you / he / she was disturbed : it did n't persuade him of how much excitement could produce him the to rub himself / herself / themselves of an immature female trunk , i still deprive some call of the breast .
as he swirled it like a flag and rubbed it on my chest , i saw it was instead a pair of swimming trunks .
i hugged the blue swimming trunks just before tossing them in a freak sting of panic .
i picked up the swimming trunks and began sliding them over my boots .
with swimming trunks that small , they d rip off if i so much as walked funny .
i had left the swimming trunks in the bathroom .
tex emerges from the back wearing an old school olympic style wrestling outfit , trunks over spandex shorts , with the state of texas on each side , and of course his big white cowboy hat .
he tries on a succession of combinations from his rucksack and appears in grey hooded sweatshirt pale blue jeans green socks purple t - shirt green jeans white socks dark blue sweater white knee - length shorts black socks navy blue athletics vest navy blue silky shorts no socks red york city shirt black york city shorts red york city socks saffron buddhist monk 's robe and brown leather sandals green speedo swimming trunks and black tinted goggles black wetsuit he settles for the athletics combination , although he 's tempted by the robes .
'' some nice weed and a shiny pebble , '' says yo - yo , emerging from the sea in emerald green swimming trunks .
i put on my trunks , a t - shirt and sandals , grabbed a towel and a water bottle , and left for the beach .
i changed into swim trunks and a t - shirt , grabbed my ipod and headed down the block , past tropical trees bearing christmas lights , to the beach .
i toweled dry , put on clean swim trunks and went out the back sliding door .
it kicked its trunk legs and rocked back and forth in agony .
dean sighed and used one hand to disrobe ( removing damp swim trunks with shame , method # 2 : bending at knees ) .
` ` i do n't need weather ; i 'll put on my swimming trunks , anoint myself with suntan lotion , set up my deck chair and barbecue , and wait . ''
at the far end , he hauled himself up the ladder , hesitating halfway to glance back at her , the water lapping at his navel , disturbing the locker key safety pinned to the broad white stripe on the side of his swimming trunks , then stalked away .
his sopping swimming trunks wrapped in a soaking towel were dripping chlorinated water on the lino .
we got back to the wash hole and i stepped behind some bushes and put on my swimming trunks .
i turned around so they could n't see my face and dropped my trunks .
as she continued to raise her trunk she felt the pressure of each vertebrae , one to the next , a comfortable pressure , relaxing all tension .
myron wore bermuda shorts , a tan short - sleeved pullover and sandals ; becky was fetchingly clad in a light - blue t - shirt and dark blue shorts ; gerry wore light summer pants , a yellow short - sleeved sports shirt and white sneakers ; lynn wore shorts , a black bikini top and was bare - foot ; and the boys wore swimming trunks in anticipation of using the tank swimming pool for the first time this summer .
being both private and fastidious , he was unsure what to do with his black socks , salted with tiny flecks of dried skin , and his crotch - creased boxer trunks .
i changed quickly , stepping out of my shorts and into my swim trunks with the minimum amount of exposure .
he crossed his arms in front of his body and folded his trunk down almost to his legs .
his dress changes from season to season but his surf trunks and wetsuit are always present .
i sat up feeling 100 % better , durable in limb and trunk .
he pulled at the bottom of his swimming trunks and turned to mr wallace , a pleading look on his face .
that evening at the top of the cliffs pip managed to catch up with sacha as he was running down to chapel cove in just his swimming trunks , his towel neatly rolled around a tee shirt to provide protection from the still strong sun , should it be needed .
jonathan rapidly stripped off his socks and shorts and left his games kit in a heap on the floor before standing up , the tan marks from wearing swimming trunks very visible against his skin .
eight guys were rough - housing in the shallow end , red plastic cups spilled under several chairs , towels were floating in the pool , and honest to god , a pair of orange swimming trunks and white bikini top were wrapped around the diving board .
boone changed into his swim trunks leaving his clothes folded neatly on the upholstered bench and then headed back towards the patio .
he dropped the towel to the floor , pulled off his t - shirt and slipped out of his running trunks and jock strap .
his green swimming trunks contrasted with his tanned skin made katherine catch her breath and she tried to keep herself from staring at his rugged form .
he returned in bathing trunks a few minutes later with a tray bearing two mugs of beer .
the puma has a lithe , muscular body and , for a cat , a comparatively long neck and elongated trunk , and a relatively small head , crowned by small , rounded ears .
he got to his room , dug through his dresser drawer for a pair of swimming trunks and pulled them on after hanging his clothes on a couple of hangers on the doorknob .
as she worked the brush through the little girl 's thick hair , the oldest boy dashed into the kitchen in his swimming trunks .
he places my palm over his swim trunks , right on his crotch .
he tore off his shirt and his swim trunks , tossing them aside .
` ` we should get back , '' he said , pulling his swim trunks back on ..
maybe now instead of getting new outfits , i could get lj a new pair of swimming trunks so we could swim at the public pool .
he stood up and brushed the sand off of his swim trunks and moved over to stand beside me , his hand out for the axe .
the men were stripping down to their swim trunks , and it was an impressive display of bronzed male flesh .
practically dying from the anticipation of where it would move to next , i had n't expected the alternative : it had been busy removing his swim trunks .
` ` forget your swimming trunks ? ''
` ` why do n't you run upstairs and go put on your swim trunks and grab your floaties , okay ? ''
he immediately came up to my mouth and kissed me , as he worked his swimming trunks off .
he set the ancient controller down on his knees and dug around in his swim trunks for his phone .
he threw his swim trunks on and then watched me get my own jeans and t - shirt on .
i want to trace them with my fingertips and see how far they go beneath his swim trunks .
i need to get the boys ' swim trunks out for them . ''
between my bikini , and his swim trunks , the position left nothing to the imagination .
i changed into swim trunks and slipped on some shades , my movements clumsy in my rush .
he pulled on his low - slung gray swim trunks and grabbed my bikini , moving back to the pool with a purpose .
he looked none - too - happy about it , but he handed me a key from the pocket of his swim trunks .
blood splatters were all over his swim trunks with a smear of it on the upper part of his knee .
she waves her hand at the vicinity of my swim trunks .
i comply , standing so i can tug his swim trunks off and tossing them close to where my bottoms lay .
three sandy haired boys stood in the foyer outfitted in swimming trunks and carrying pool gear .
` ` go get your swim trunks , cocky . ''
the boys have a bevy of swim trunk selections .
her head slowly turned to the lounger holding tight trunk man .
he lay on a lounger by the pool in nothing but a pair of swimming trunks .
grabbing a dildo and the lube from the shelves he pushed his trunks down his thighs .
he cleaned up his mess and went to get his own swimming trunks .
then he hikes his own swimming trunks down .
he turned around a moment later , a pair of sky - blue swim trunks hugging his trim hips .
they 'd both worn swim trunks and cross - trainers , and the second their sneakers hit the sand , cash peeled off his ratty cardinals t - shirt and tucked the edge under the waistband of his shorts .
he ducked behind the open driver 's door , quickly shucked the swim trunks , and yanked his pants on , commando .
he headed for the bathroom , where he stripped off his trunks and turned on the faucet .
he pulls his swim trunks back on and he 's gone before i know it .
particularly since colby is still in his swim trunks .
this morning he was dressed in red swimming trunks and a white tee shirt .
~~~~~ laura watched cameron walking toward the waters edge , wearing the brightest , loudest swimming trunks she had ever seen .
i saw nick walk onto the deck with his swim trunks on and could n't help but stare at his beautiful body .
tom opened his bag and took out his swimming trunks .
he pulled on his swimming trunks and picked up a towel that lay folded on the end of his bed .
alex grabbed the swim trunks he had from yesterday and i looked for a bathing suit .
but now its like he has no muscles at all in his trunk .
the quality was very good , much better than anything he had seen on the site before , with lee in various poses on the beach and the nearby grass , wearing a selection of swimming trunks and a come on and try me look in his eyes .
she frowned as he stripped down to his swimming trunks .
liar , liar , trunks on fire , i said .
he grasped her arms , above the elbows , surprised by their thinness , and lifted her trunk .
phelps in swim trunks was a sight to behold .
i made it to the locker room , and stripped down to my navy trunks .
drake approached in his navy trunks , with a stamped country club towel draped over his sculpted arm .
the big man took it , tucking it into his plaid swim trunks , and motioned them to follow .
the man looked so unbelievably good in nothing but a pair of swim trunks .
he went into the men 's locker room and quickly grabbed his swim trunks and changed .
trevor asked , as he came running into the kitchen , wearing his swim trunks and a hopeful expression on his face .
to further add icing to the cake , he had an intricate black dragon tattoo that snaked its way up from those white swimming trunks and curled around his left ribcage .
standing up from the ground , gavin wiped tiny blades of grass from his swimming trunks and looked at emily .
` ` maybe the rest of us will at least wear swim trunks , but you , sweetheart , i 'd love to keep nak*d for as long as possible . ''
diego had gone for a swim and grace had gotten quite a view of the man in swim trunks .
he wore trim navy swim trunks , snug around his hips , the kind she 'd seen in family pictures from the seventies .
` ` those were the days , '' shaun said with a wistful sigh , pulling up his swim trunks .
she gripped it in her hand through his trunks , running her palm and fingers up and down it through the material while he shivered and growled against her .
reluctantly letting go , valerie reached for his waistband and jerked at the swim trunks , and he accommodated , moving so they came down his legs .
he was clad only in black swimming trunks and was carrying a towel .
to her surprise , he 'd changed into a pair of swim trunks and was now standing at the water 's edge .
he was only wearing swim trunks and she was afforded a prime , up - close view of his chest .
just a few minutes later , he came out , barefooted and in his swim trunks and looking so delicious she wanted to lick him .
he had been teasing alexa mercilessly about the changes in her body when maggie snuck up behind him and yanked down his swim trunks .
i have tracking devices in my watch and my swim trunks , and no one knows our plan .
he wore swim trunks and her self - consciousness increased as she had the opportunity , while his head was turned away , looking for her elsewhere , to evaluate his body .
she had lost track of her boundaries ; slowly the sense of limbs and digits , head and trunk , of space occupied , returned .
i shot a look at his swimming trunks .
chapter 29 cole stripped down topside and pulled on a pair of swim trunks .
his erection strains against his swim trunks and he tucks a towel around his waist , grimacing as though it 's painful .
` ` dude , it 's better to wear swimming trunks .
her cautious gaze roamed over him and his recently awakened libido reacted as if her hands had done the exploring - a fact his swim trunks would n't be able to hide much longer .
but she could move her trunk and her head and neck .
she 'd seen him in swim trunks before , but this was so very different , so intimate .
he insists on sticking to swim trunks .
he grabbed a pair of swim trunks from his backpack and went into the bathroom .
she was , in fact , having trouble keeping her hands off him , particularly since , for most of the day , he was dressed in nothing more than his swim trunks .
he raked her with a hot gaze as he unsnapped his shorts and let them drop , so that only his swim trunks remained .
he got rid of his swim trunks then , and she allowed herself a moment to gaze at him .
he looked relaxed , fit and tanned in swim trunks and a short - sleeved navy t - shirt he 'd donned after his swim .
with an oath of frustration , he bent and pulled down his swim trunks .
` ` swim trunks . ''
finally , when it seemed as if he could n't take any more , he pulled his swim trunks off .