grabbing his suit jacket from the coat tree , he stuffed his arms into the sleeves and headed for the door .
no doubt her editor and agent would make the most of it , eager to push more book sales on the back of a film created by zack freeman who also happened to be an australian , and top of the tree at delivering the best computerised special effects .
shrugging out of his jacket , he tossed it at the hall tree and did n't seem to care when it missed and fell to the floor .
in addition to her impressive assortment of medical degrees and a family tree that read like the social register , she had three other special attributes in great abundance : intuition , compassion , and total dedication .
a year after his departure , elizabeth 's father , intent on adding another title to the family tree , had insisted she marry grangerfield .
lauren snatched her sister 's jacket off the coat tree and pulled open the door .
` ` that 's a family tree going back to the spanish inquisition . ''
her family tree was known only three or four generations back on both sides .
though i 'd always considered myself decisive , i could see now that my decision trees were usually limbless .
well , hell , then he had n't been axed from my decision tree ?
maybe i should check my family tree .
some had trees and webs of relationships penciled on them .
generation after generation on every branch of the family tree merely cemented the mantra she lived by - job first and revolving - door relationships when she had time .
` ` i guess i need to explain my family tree to you again .
then again , not everyone saw divorce and discontent everywhere they looked within their own family tree .
my entire family tree is a prime example .
i turned back to torrie , doubly angry now that i realized he 'd come down on another woman in my family tree .
he nodded once , looking a little lost at not being able to finish his family tree .
i ' m not hip to all the family tree stuff around here . ''
` ` take a jacket if you want , '' he said , indicating a coat tree on the far side of the room .
after talking with your mother , i was practically giddy about my entire family tree . ''
the corners of his eyes tilted upward , indicating his family tree also included an asian branch .
` ` lots of twins in the mckay family tree . ''
his clothes were n't hung up on the coat tree .
he hung it on a coat tree crafted out of some kind of animal horns .
if they 'd developed a smart phone app for the family tree .
at one - thirty , gavin quit pacing and grabbed his coat from the coat tree .
i started out with an old family tree , branched out , and wow , there are a lot of mckays running around these days .
and his russian relatives for the most part were proud to have a famous hockey player in their family tree now .
well , she had reptiles in her family tree too .
amanda aside , only fruits and nuts come out of my family tree .
every family tree has an ass**le in it .
` ` you guys have the most convoluted family trees . ''
letters he wrote , photographs , a family tree .
` ` i do n't have a family tree around , so i do n't know what that means exactly , but he was clearly one of your ancestors .
my family tree was seriously screwed up .
a grandfather clock somewhere gonged ten times as i stepped into the christmas tree room .
and you should look at the family trees where it gets all crisscrossed , like if i were to marry pierce for instance , with whom i share not only that great - great - grandmother , but also a great - grandfather , who also pops up ... damn , it 's the hardest thing to keep track of .
there comes a point in the life of every mayfair when you spend about a year drawing family trees everywhere , trying just to keep it clear in your mind who is sitting next to you at the family picnic , know what i mean ? ''
` ` i was thinkin ' more of a grandmother who was a famous enchantress , or an uncle who was a prominent warlock , or a brace of fairies somewhere in the family tree . ''
wes closed the door and peeled off his jacket , hanging it on the hall tree .
` ` well , there went that decision tree .
usually potential decisions unfurled in precise tree diagrams , with clear choices and predicted outcomes .
` ` scorning you had n't even been in the decision tree for me , but now that you bring it up , it makes total sense , especially considering the repercussions otherwise , '' she said .
then there were the papers concerning his mother and father 's family trees .
you just did n't know your own family tree , that 's all . ''
` ` these are the chicago family trees , '' she says .
` ` your family trees . ''
the lights overhead were fluorescent tubes , and extension cords and christmas tree lights were strung along one wall as decoration .
* * * an awkward silence filled the elevator ride to the penthouse while my mind did a few laps around the logic tree .
what 's more , he thought that she had given birth to a child , the next descendent of this family tree that everyone thought had died out a long time ago .
` ` so , you need to trace his family tree , in order to find mine , right ?
i shoot her a nervous glance , not sure if news of our protest has made it through the pta gossip tree yet .
i guess my own family tree could answer that question .
my heart breaks for ford - for his mother for ever getting involved with my twisted family tree .
` ` you could have warned me that i 'd be meeting your father , '' i murmur as nate takes my bag and jacket and hangs them on a coat tree near the door along with his own .
` ` i need you to mobilize the lorraine gossip tree but i need you to do it without feb , jessie rourke , mimi vanderwal , delilah or jackie owens gettin ' wind of it . ''
he was on the move when sully called out , ` ` you still want me to activate the lorraine gossip tree ? ''
i looked up and on the sturdy , handsome coat tree by the door i saw jackets and scarves thrown over it , only two of them mine .
i asked , desperately re - designing my family tree in an effort to avoid what was happening in real time .
phone tree ?
the rock chicks had a phone tree ?
they had a phone tree and laws ?
the rock chick phone tree had been engaged so i 'd learned that sadie was okay .
ever since we 'd found out how messed up our blood lines really were , meaning our family tree freaking pretzled together , i 'd thought of him as more of a brother than a cousin .
you might be some sort of relation in our twisted family tree , but that does n't mean i wo n't kick your ass . ''
` ` you need to concentrate on tracing sally 's family tree .
he looked like a living , breathing jewelry tree .
she called again , putting her briefcase next to the hall tree .
should i go through the rest of his family tree ? ''
the police might , but- '' she frowned ` ` -my name has n't been added to their phone tree .
she grabbed the wool coat hanging on the hall tree .
` ` actually , we have a phone tree .
he ... um ... had me start the phone tree . ''
obviously , sound judgment climbed high in that family tree .
i cast my mind back to the enormous tapestries that line sister eonette 's chamber walls , tapestries upon which the sisters of mortain have recorded the family trees of all the breton nobles throughout the centuries in bright silk thread .
they 'd mostly worked on characters today - drawing a sprawled - out family tree showing how everyone on the show was connected , and brainstorming stories that could branch out from each of them .
i was just starting to build a family tree of my own and it was n't surprising at all that the roots of it rested at rowdy 's booted feet .
you get your stubbornness from my side of the family tree , but you get your foolish loyalty to those who care about you despite yourself from your drunk of a mother .
the first was the fact that i viewed the world in terms of patterns , and the inner workings of this particular family tree did n't fit any i 'd ever seen .
the second factor in my fascination , as much as i hated to admit it , had to do with jack , and the way that on some level , i could n't help but wonder where he would fall on the family tree .
my bedding , a black and white tree theme , let me know i was in my own room .
he was a strong psychic like almost everyone else in the jones family tree but his talent was an unusual one .
` ` tell me , where does wilder jones fit on the jones family tree ? ''
the head of the organization has always been a jones , usually a jones from zack 's branch of the family tree .
` ` family tree is riddled with what the society euphemistically likes to call exotics , '' zack said .
in the past few years , the bureau of genealogy had put the contents of its extensive collection of dusty tomes containing the family trees of generations of members into a computer database .
she had not had an opportunity to research his family tree but she was not worried about his level - eight ranking .
the jones family tree was filled with hunter talents of various kinds .
the family has a lot of money and more than one talented lawyer on the tree . ''
her extensive family tree boasted a number of branches that specialized in fakes , forgeries and assorted art frauds .
there have always been those who say that the winters family tree is the dark side of arcane . ''
but , then , his branch of the family tree boasted a number of what arcane liked to call crypto - talents .
` ` good news for the jones family tree , '' fallon said .
` ` but i have to track down things like birth , marriage and death certificates that can be used to build a family tree that might go back several generations .
you do n't need a degree to draw up a family tree .
i ' ve got an uncle who paid a hefty amount of money to have one of those family trees drawn up , and guess what ?
` ` chief whitaker , what i ' m trying to say- '' ` ` i have to tell you i got a little suspicious when i checked out the family tree that my uncle commissioned .
i did n't bother to go back any farther on the family tree . ''
` ` maybe it would help if we went back to basics and built a family tree , '' lucy said .
` ` building family trees is what i do for a living , remember ? ''
` ` there are software programs that can be used to build family trees , but this tree is a little different . ''
the answer was somewhere in the family tree she had constructed around brinker .
lucy realized she was still holding the sheet of paper that contained the brinker cult family tree .
you 're the one person on the brinker family tree who had the skill .
` ` what did you mean by a brinker family tree ?
it came out looking a lot like a family tree . ''
he was holding lucy 's busted phone and a sheet of paper with a weird - looking family tree in his other hand .
there have always been those within the society who resented everyone on our family tree . ''
william had picked catherine 's brains while sitting in the library and listened to the family 's chatter for the entire evening until he 'd pieced together the family tree .
mac grabbed his hat from the hall tree , opened the door for her , and followed her out .
the only three missing branches of her own family tree belong to grandparents who died before she was born , or when she was too little to mark their absence .
i crossed the room and slowly turned the tree .
besides her , only will was still fully dressed , because he was left out of kaye 's student council call tree .
i 'd spent a couple of hours poring over the yellowing family trees and the family history my grandmother had worked so hard to compile , and i had n't found a clue .
her and her whole demon family tree .
if it had pegs in the wall or a coat tree , wet or muddy outer garments could be hung in there to dry .
apparently , dad had a few skeletons hiding in the family tree .
realizing that devin had been messing with me , that he had clearly ordered a christmas tree , i opened the door wider and stepped back .
` ` i ' m not that familiar with her family tree .
clicking the back button , he returned to the sparse family tree he 'd lucked into .
he searched again , and the family tree read the same as before .
he tossed his coat onto the coat tree .
military brat with an impressive air force family tree .
zach shucked his jacket and slung it over the coat tree on his way back down the hall .
` ` shel , '' he called , tugging his leather jacket off the coat tree by the door , ` ` everything going okay ? ''
frowning , zach slung the jacket on the coat tree .
the guy 's christmas tree socks matched his tie and suspenders .
instead , she found more of a tree house .
` ` sounds like something out of a soap opera , '' amber said , the pain in this family tree unfathomable .
` ` while the refresher on the family tree is fascinating , can we get back to saving amber 's life ? ''
` ` is it a complete family tree ? ''
` ` a lesson about the family tree ? ''
their family tree had missing limbs and no clear path back to identify who their family was . ''
and if anyone noticed the extreme resemblance between every other generation of lord dewhursts , it was merely written off to a strong family tree .
a strong and quite unique family tree indeed .
and centuries later , random members of the broad family tree were still paying the price of an unholy covenant negotiated by vlad the impaler .
they could link with every person in their sick blood family tree .
because he was the product of one screwed - up family tree .
` ` i ' m taking this special college course and we 're learning how to put together our family tree and stuff and his family ... the mackenzie 's ... they 're in my tree .
it made little sense that i 'd be tracking just gavin down for a family tree project , but the lie was easier to go with than reality .
` ` i ' m doing a project researching my family tree , and his name came up .
` ` so you 're just flying around all over the country following family tree leads ? ''
there i always told the truth , but here in front of this judge and jury i had to decide whether to keep up the family tree charade or just come out with the whole sordid tale .
or maybe somewhere far back in the family tree , one of holly 's relatives had been tempted by a demon in disguise .
` ` something tells me the lady has more than a few in her family tree . ''
` ` have you found a demon link in holly 's family tree ? ''
` ` maybe a quarter demon , could be even less - i ' m not done shaking your family tree . ''
the screwed family tree that connected vampires .
shit , if the rumors were true , way , way back in their family tree , the vamps and the demons were related .
i looked back toward the tree house and said , ` ` yeah , it was . ''
when she says this , tree seems less like a hippie than like one of the rednecks in our town .
` ` is brady 's family tree a cactus ?
besides , what would trees have to do with you ? ''
granted , i 'd never know if he found mr . percival in the list , but if so , jem and mandy would have a little further knowledge of their family tree .
he eyed buccleigh contemplatively , then shook his head and spread out the mackenzie family tree on the tabletop .
she swept the family tree off the table and hurried down the hall , pausing to toss it onto roger 's desk as she made her way to the door .
the light was on , and the family tree roger had taken out to show william buccleigh was still where she 'd tossed it , on the desk .
the family tree he 'd shown william buccleigh mackenzie revealed him as all correct , pinned down on paper , neatly bracketed by parents and son .
the wood paneling behind the hall tree shone serene , unblemished .
` ` you are , '' his wife told him , neatly snagging her jacket from the hall tree with one hand and squeezing his buttock with the other .
as i worked out the details , my eyes fell on the package beneath the christmas tree .
` ` i expect if you go far enough back in that family tree you 'll find the south sea bubble . ''
harry has done some research into his family tree but i ' m not a macallister by blood , so none of what he has learned applies to me .
luke 's upcoming college placement tests that we needed to register and pay for , tucker 's family tree that we needed to create for his history lesson , and jaxon ...
not one branch on your family tree !
the research on allens paternal family tree must be brought with you on standard mini - disc ( midi ) format .
the genie is a wish giver and he s holding the family tree people want to know about .
he had in his family tree two relatives who just followed orders .
allen , i used a different company for the family histories of the members of the raiding party than you did for your family tree research .
yes , she s , er , in the family tree .
she had the additional difficulty of trying to explain the multiple grands in allens family tree .
emt and volunteer for the hurley fire and rescue department folk musician , sound man for the hudson valley folk guild member of the society for creative anachronism ( chirurgeon , archer , fighter , volunteer mead sampler ) member kiwanis club of kingston other books to read ( all are being processed for publication ) vanessa : family tree sequel to vanessa .
vanessa : all heaven breaks loose sequel to vanessa : family tree .
i invite you to further pursue the human and ghost friends you ve made here as the scope of their adventure expands to new levels in the sequel , family tree .
please accept my personal apology for fw piltdown he is a monster , from a family tree of certified monsters , phony bluebloods , and pretenders to the aristocracy and i want to thank you for hanging on , and helping us bring him to ground .
there was no christmas tree , but in the center of the room on a small plastic table , a nativity scene had been set .
so he s got a half - sister , uriels family tree is more extensive that i previously thought .
i never knew trees felt such pain .
this feral offshoot of our family tree earned their name because of their haggard appearance , their willingness to fight and die , and the slavish devotion given to their superiors .
appendix c : the dark side of the spanners series by sally ember , ed.d . , as explained by dr . clara branon , ph.d . , main narrator appendix d : actual human visits / contact by the many worlds collective before public contact and those referred to in the spanners series ( partial list ) , journalists , photographers , artists , musicians and writers appendix e : ackerman - branon family tree in 2021 excerpt from volume ii , this changes my family and my life forever , here !
my son , zephyr ; my nephew , overseer in covert and special operations ( osops ) , moran ackerman , chief of the psi - warriors ; other nephews and nieces ; my sisters and sister - in - law ; my brother and my mother ( see appendix e for family tree ) ; and , esperanza enlaces , my media contact , enjoy telling their stories .
appendix e provides the family tree and explanations of relationships .
appendices b , c , d and e provide extra information , glossaries and people lists of those affected and involved with the many worlds collective as mentioned in this and other volumes ( which sally continues to add to as we go further into the series ) and the ackerman - branon family tree .
appendix e ackerman - branon family tree in 2021 rose c. vogel is divorced from the deceased isaac ackerman .
and why was none of this advertised in my family tree ?
i frowned , all of this is irrelevant because i m not here to know my genetic family tree .
oh , she s starting trees .
anyone who did n't know us or our family tree would think that she was just a proud mother surrounded by her loving children .
tree looked at him suspiciously , you messin with the tree ?
man , trees eyebrows rose , you gon na hafta lay some of that superb herb on me .
he paused , thinking fast , and grabbed trees arm .
the man bore rather a strong resemblance to leo , which was a bit surprising , since leo 's family tree would make an ethnic purist have a heart attack ( topside , leo would have been called a mongrel , and would have been slaughtered for being ' unscientific ' ) .
a lack of stimulation in vital pathways could cause the neurons to significantly reshape their dendritic trees .
tu-5 and another iof unit are also in our section tonight , so do nt mistake them for trees geilar said , a smile in his voice .
we walk past a set of trashcans that have a christmas tree lying next to them with only a few strands of tinsel left on it .
tensions between them escalated over the years when victoria started to research her family tree like any other curious teen .
i change the slide to a graphic representation of the human evolutionary tree before continuing .
everyone could trace their family tree back to someone of importance through cousins or uncles , but she remembered every time she looked at this book that , without the story that joe wilton had put on paper , her life could have taken a different track .
what if somewhere in the family tree you created by ensuring lucius fitzsimmons lived there was a horrible murderer that killed someone and destroyed another family tree ?
what if somewhere in the family tree you created by ensuring lucius fitzsimmons lived there was a horrible murderer that killed someone and destroyed another family tree ?
he sifted through the command tree for the laser , and found what he wanted .
lord walsh was the youngest son in a very large family tree .
let 's run the fault tree .
harry 's about to discover that thomas 's family tree has been hiding a shocking secret : a revelation that will change harry 's life forever .
spreading up the family tree until there 's no one left . ''
yet -- the dog repelled him as did tree himself ; both of them had an isolated , warped quality , as if by being out here in the forest alone thay had been cut off from normal reality .
what i had seen as an octopus was actually a branching tree structure .
i stared at it dully , while my mind ran through the logic tree and my lungs kept trying to get in a deep breath .
i prefer he never finds out how much crazy runs up and down my family tree .
` ` i still do n't understand why you want to know about our family tree . ''
the calvins could show you the family tree if you wanted , but there really is n't much of a connection to uncle aaron 's part of it .
she still smoldered over some research tech 's pointed reference to her ` ` family tree . ''
a tree of sweat was growing on the back of his shirt .
` ` i had a few questions for her about her family tree .
what if those children or others like them are the first members of a new branch emerging in the human genetic tree ?
everything looks delicious , though a few carts offer meats you would n't want to know the family tree of .
subtle engineering improvements , like their crude tree elevators . ''
on the screen , she watched a simple shape appear : a single line with two branching offshoots , forming a y then more and more y shapes branched out from the first and multiplied into a fully dimensional tree .
` ` each node is like the seed of a fractal tree .
it was fascinating to see the house lineage graphed inside the front cover , the darwin family 's personal evolutionary tree .
he opened the front cover , checking the darwin family tree inside .
` ` the family tree at the back is gone . ''
neatly written upon it was the other half of the darwin family tree .
superimposed over the family tree , inked across the entire page in black , dug that left only hugo hirszfeld .
superimposed over the family tree , inked across the entire page in black , dug deep into the backboard of the bible , was a strange symbol .
down in the subterranean lab , dr . fairfield had viewed the real family tree of the new - and - improved waalenberg clan .
stories circulated that the karlsen family tree had its beginnings as far back as the first viking settlers , that its roots were even tangled with those of yggdrasil , the world tree of norse mythology .
it was less a family tree than an interlacing matrix , so complicated it required being diagrammed out in three dimensions .
from the very beginning , something had been troubling him about the gant family tree , a nagging sense that he was missing a vital detail .
with a click of the mouse , the three - dimensional schematic of the gant family tree appeared .
he asked jason to stretch the genealogical search to the sides of the main family tree , to follow all of those loose threads .
` ` and all of these extensions mark where a strand of the family tree shot away from the others- '' ` ` only to eventually return again , '' jason confirmed .
` ` can you bring up that gant family tree that you showed us earlier ?
` ` i need you to zoom down and show me the outer edges of the family tree . ''
painter had called these extraneous lines outliers , the outlying part of the family tree , those living at a distance .
a new file tree , labeled jmao , appeared on his readout .
the heads of all the major branches of the behemoth 's structural tree were present : sam for engineering , bull for security , chan for the research teams , bennie cortland - mapu for health services , anamarie ruiz for infrastructure , and so on , filling the two dozen seats around the great conference table .
he switched to the fulfillment tree view .
it 's more fun doing them in a tree house .
this sort of puzzle , tinged with supernatural and otherworldly elements , reminded me of the stories from my vampire- and demon - fighting family tree .
are you his cousin or other distant relative on the family tree ?
apparently the dual tree was .
its time to shake that family tree up a bit , eh ?
shake the family tree ?
part of me was worried we were heading back to the wishing tree .
pictures lined the upper walls and one wall held a long scroll that was open and a family tree was written on it .
why was your name crossed off of the family tree ?
okay , the savant family tree was giving me a serious headache .
richie has on occasion referred to me as a muttgood naturedly , of coursebecause of my hybrid family tree .
dad makes it halfway into the living room , grabbing onto the christmas tree stand frantically with bloodied hands , before the zombies get him .
i thought that family trees were important to everyone here , austin said , not falling for it .
parker and her dad came home after getting a christmas tree , to a note on the fridge .
thinking about it i was pretty sure that winters had one or more of those boxy mutts in his family tree .
however , my blood - tie to pavga and lord kthats a little more recent than all of that , i must tell you , although most courtiers in kiki do nt have the time to look through the family trees to recognize the ties .
myself , i hate family trees and family charts , since its always a record of things you do nt want others to know or a record of things that you sometimes wish that you never knew .
i got closer to my father on these journeys and he told me about my ancestors on his side of the family tree .
yes , he was a normal mans height and did nt have buttfaces soulless eyes , but he might have fallen from the same family tree .
but it looked exactly like an ordinary framing shop , and the pictures under the advertisement were not of china at all , but mostly portraits that looked like they belonged to someones family tree .
its a family tree !
this is a completely different tree .
someone approximately my age who is not part of my family tree .
the lineage tree of the thusians is now up to date .
nobody was hurt , but the tree and excitement surrounding the fire have left students loitering in the parking lot .
she opened her bedroom door and stopped abruptly when she saw the christmas tree standing by the television .
so , he is nt a chicken shit of my daddy as i slowly move my head back in the duckling line - up then pace my eyeballs down each row of folks on the right that makes up the entire family tree of warfields .
were only kin by our biological goddess - mamas , god - daddies , brothers , sisters , grandmas and grandpas , aunts , uncles , and cousins , like a human family tree with many branches .
i had no interest in learning which subject matter each god was responsible for , and i could nt care less about their family trees .
with hands pulled away , and cries still escaping his lips , rufus did nt see and only barely felt marcuss tree of an arm slam into his countenance , sending him flying across the hall and literally into the floor .
imagine what your family tree must look like , hasin said .
it is embarrassing to see the family trees !
how could his father be sure of such a fact if he had nt even seen the family trees of the lords ?
pacaben gasped and exclaimed , yes , that surely must have been handy , especially consideringive heard the talk about the family tree .
papia recalled how his father had told him about grandfather rhia keeping the family tree a secret from his sons .
he now understood what rhia had meant when he had told papias father and uncle that it is embarrassing to see the family tree .
engaged to someone older than his family tree .
gatsby shook his fist at the tapestry , an intricately woven rendition of the ganton family tree .
basically , ill put together a family tree and then go from there , abe explained .
i was thrilled at the prospect of having a complete family tree of my paternal ancestors .
that trees going to be hard to find , aidan said .
she pointed across the room to a large framed kabalistic tree of life .
i can report that our phone tree with all twenty states is generally working .
we prepare an interview to broadcast on tree tv .
our family is not what you think of with a normal family tree .
in another corner is a diagram with the chiefs family tree .
it is more like a tribal family tree , with the names of all the members that ever lived .
the people you will be working with are very secretive , paranoid , and if you accidentally tell the news of the world who you re working with they ll kill you , your family , your grandchildren , your pet dog , and then follow your family tree so far back that you ll have never fucking existed !
a white board had been set up with a family tree of helmut and his known associates , helmuts photograph at the centre .
before patrick could complete a listing of the living members of his family tree in the spaces provided on the form , the other members had withdrawn from the room , and he was left alone with lepage .
but the family tree is not clear .
the whole family was thrilled with the new equipment.-penny was already planning to collect recipes to put in the computer.-she also wanted to get a complete list of names and addresses in there for handy reference.-ed and johnny were thinking of having professional - looking price quotes , invoices , materials lists and advertising flyers for their cabinet - making business.-chrissy had wanted for some time to start work on a family tree and the computer would be perfect for that.- that might leave some time for the twins to enjoy it , aunt winnie laughed.-its a good thing i ordered an eighty kilobyte hard drive with five hundred twelve megabytes of memory.-it also has a forty - eight - x cd burner / dvd combo.-i think the dell computers are the best with the intel pentium processor , too.-i like the flat panel stereo monitor , also.-they make thirty - inch screens but i thought the twenty - inch would be fine for here.-it takes up a lot less space on your desktop.-it has a tailless optic mouse that does nt require a mouse pad.-in order to do the things you ve mentioned , you ll probably need some more software programs.-the xp windows operating system should be compatible with all those things that you wanted to do.-dont forget all the sites on the internet that will help the kids with their schoolwork , if they do get a chance to use it .
your mama is right , candy , and it may sound odd at the beginning but it always makes a person sound better if he or she speaks correctly.-i can ask betty next time if she is the eldest.-it would be good to know that.-when we find the diary , i hope it will tell us something about their parents and maybe their ancestors.-if we had a place to start , we might be able to come up with a family tree for them.-since she said all three last names were nolan i m thinking none of them was married or had children.- you might ask them if they had any siblings.-they could have had a brother who would have carried on the family name.-we might even find someone alive who would remember about them as great - great - great aunts or whatever.- hey , that s a good thought , johnny.-ill definitely put that on the list.-im wondering if they ll talk to me tonight.-two doors slammed upstairs.- i wonder if that means no .
hunted himself for murder , an enigmatic american girl reveals an amazing tale of ' jack ' an 18c ancestor who founded a dynasty , a family tree with roots embedded on both sides of the atlantic .
the moment , the setting , the atmosphere , everything is so sharply carved into my memory tree that i can summon it in an instant , close my eyes and travel there like scotty on the starship enterprise .
however , about a year ago i received an envelope that will be of great use to this project it is back in the other room on my desk a family tree , said windsor .
windsor had provided zachary with the family tree that his brother philip had mailed him one year prior .
philip had created this family tree and it consisted of limited narrative descriptions .
windsor had provided zachary with the 9ththrough the 12thgenerations of the family tree , generations which began with windsors parents and ended with his great nieces and nephews .
besides his mother , everyone else in the family tree is a stranger he flipped through the narrative family tree which proved useful for placing family members in generations and for providing a general sense of their occupations and interests .
besides his mother , everyone else in the family tree is a stranger he flipped through the narrative family tree which proved useful for placing family members in generations and for providing a general sense of their occupations and interests .
in his narrative family tree philip hinted that he has not been successful in the family business .
zachary liked this test , but he had designed his own version meant to tease out any lingeringcannibalistic - murderous - racismthat still might exist in the thurmond family tree , and therefore when compared with the free versions of the test available on the internet , his version was more viscerally graphic and gory .
it was a virtual version of the family tree that zachary also had in paper form though without any of the narrative details .
the narrative family tree described charles as ( 1 ) a skilled negotiator who at 76 still had not retired ( 2 ) a husband with a deceased wife named cindy and ( 3 ) a father with two deceased and three living offspring .
phillip thurmond , who had written the narrative family tree , also described charles as the family member he admired most .
we have had some italian diplomats over for coffee or dinner and they as charles continued with his story , zachary noted that his physical description did not correspond to that provided in the narrative family tree ; he did not in fact , shave his head bald , instead it was covered in thick white hair .
yes , i remember reading in the narrative family tree that your father norman wrote a personal check to mlk for some $ 50,000 , a tidy sum of money in 1962 , said zachary .
do nt tell me you got your hands on philips family tree ?
sadly , philip wrote his family tree about six months ago and had started his decline into dementia about 9 months prior to that .
you have thoroughly read the family tree , said charles .
but i also read the narrative family tree , and not everyone is a huge success story .
also , from the family tree i gathered that , with the exception of windsor , the thurmond family is a very tight knit family .
for example , it was only recently , when i received my family tree created by my uncle philip , that i learned that manfred was a fast swimmer , and that aldric liked to write fairy tales , said kaci .
philip stated that you often meet with politicians in his narrative family tree .
zachary glanced at his family tree , and though numbers were running through his head he could observe no further correlations .
i give up , said zachary , though still staring at the family tree .
i read in the family tree compiled by phillip that there was a car accident ?
i called lily and told her i was putting together this family tree .
the narrative family tree outlined that donald ( if philip was accurate ) had created two hedge funds of hedge funds , so that those who were not ultra - rich could still invest in these specialized instruments , and also a door - to - door investment service , which listed as its mission statement , the achievement of favorable returns for the common people .
based on the fact that the gray cliff lodge is frequently referenced in philips narrative family tree and because absolutely no one will talk to me about it , i have to assume that this lodge must be of some major importance to the family , said zachary .
the eldest , philip thurmond , author of the narrative family tree , was a widower and he lived with his daughter , laural , her husband , jeremy , and their three children , sawyer , teddy , and carly .
from the narrative family tree zachary learned that philip was ceo of a financial advising company called water tower llc .
and this is a man who declared in the narrative family tree that he was much less financially successful than his brothers ?
he wrote the narrative family tree .
remembering that philip had written in the family tree about a room for the mementos of prematurely deceased thurmond boys , zachary mentioned this to laural .
nodding her head knowingly , she said , yeah , i only read that ridiculous family tree one time but i remember what you are talking about .
the ones listed on the family tree , said zachary .
as their eyes adjusted to the dim light , they could make out a coat tree , high ceilings , and polished wood floors .
mother tree responded with answers to my thoughts as quickly as i thought them .
oh yeah , he said tree still hates my ass .
you tell tree that he is in deep enough shit already , and he do nt want what we can bring down on him .
the real score was in trees bedroom .
he took his tuxedo jacket from the coat tree and shrugged it on .
phillip left and manny took his tuxedo jacket from the coat tree .
every time i look at the workups from other mortalities that are sent to me , there are noticeable changes in the genome sequencing and phylogenetic trees .
evanford 's family tree has never been too branchy .
a professor hired by the county to recreate the family trees of the most prominent families in the area , and somehow their name had come up in relation to the hurlingthons .
kind of like that passage in the old testament that they found so interesting , for whatever reason , as kids , that family tree of weird , lengthy names .
one box has photos , another a family tree , and on down the line , basically the end result he would naturally infer from these endless crates of documents , and the blanks filled in by these millions of missing bodies .
clicks on the second box from the top left , which blows up the family tree of the individual in question edwin janek to full screen status .
barely visible beneath it lies another blurry blob , however , which when hovered over for a few seconds rises to the forefront his fathers complete family tree .
growing up in the west parisian slums with a gangster for a father and a violent temper that had run up a lot of branches in my family tree , i was making your african gangs here look like candy boy scouts .
you ve made it easier for me to tell you what shape your family tree is going to take , if you care to hear it .
` ` i ' m smarter than all of them put together , and their entire family trees right back to the great fire of london .
near the top of the file tree a folder titled access granted incentivized him to click on it first over all the rest .
you should be gone tree days ago .
after driving a few miles all the time trees either side of them zoccarato turns right down another dirt road .
there is a family tree i have drawn up somewhere .
she was a coat tree of a girl : all skin and bones , hard angles and points .
all of the family trees constructed of these guys , and this guy never came up .
under each family tree several members were listed as deceased .
eventually , my family tree will start producing bad leaders who become too rich and spoiled .
` ` one more thing , '' he said as he hung the coat on the hall tree .
there had been no clues in his family tree : his father was jacob , as was his father before him , and on his mothers side there were no names beginning with the letter g , unless you included one gunthilda aldberg , a distant cousin dating from the seventeenth century , and he could not believe that his mother had wished to maintain her memory for posterity .
sophie could now see the title of the family tree .
countless scholars of that era chronicled mary magdalene 's days in france , including the birth of sarah and the subsequent family tree . ''
` ` there exists a family tree of jesus christ ? ''
her complexion was always so pretty -that nice peaches n cream skin she prob'ly got from joe 's side of the family tree - but that october pimples sprang up on her face like dandelions on the town common after memorial day .
family tree as long as your arm .
then i mug up bray 's family tree until i ' m word - perfect on the thing .
i had a most profitable interview with the count this morning as a result of which he wishes me to stay on for a week to complete the first draft of his genealogical tree .
he had worked until late in the night at hq and all that morning , setting up the identicast of blofeld , checking details with ronnie vallance , fixing up the private , the munich side of his life , chattering on the teleprinter to station z , even remembering to tell mary goodnight to get on to sable basilisk after the holiday and ask him to please do some kind of a job on the surnames of the ten girls and please to have the family tree of ruby windsor embellished with gold capitals .
dr . fanshawe gestured towards a photostat of what appeared to be a brief family tree that lay on the desk in front of m. ` ` that is a copy i had made .
stranger still , the toppled coat tree appeared to have a thin wire attached to the bottom , which had been stretched across the hallway .
he could trace his family tree back to otto of bavaria , who had once ruled as king of greece .
the small guard was set tree .
but he never approached it through grids of logic , ` ` decision trees , '' and the other arid devices that trainers sometimes foisted upon the tyros .
` ` quite a family tree they ' ve got there . ''
` ` my knowledge of your family tree is limited to pirates of the caribbean , so why do n't you enlighten us . ''
it 's like a genealogical tree , each entity a marriage or birth that evolves into another entity , until it has to finalize into our major cartels . ''
there 's a phone tree .
just a statement , a conclusion derived from shared intelligence on the phone tree .
on the phone tree .
' is n't she on the phone tree ? '
' she 's not on the phone tree . '
we 're on the phone tree right now . '
that was the message on the phone tree .
he knew from the phone tree that someone else was using seth 's car .
he might get valuable information , for the phone tree .
the phone tree again .
first , eleanor duncan was not on the phone tree .
our stooges on the phone tree tell me that two men are already dead .
a small middle eastern person , according to reports on the phone tree .
the local phone tree seemed to be an impeccable source of human intelligence .
for everybody else , we damn near have a family tree , but you sort of come out of nowhere .
filed away in the computer were facts on more than two hundred relatives and four hundred friends all the way around the mcgee tomlinson family tree .
but for the first time since i 'd met this half of my family tree , i could n't just temper my reactions to theirs .
` ` take a seat , take a seat , '' the captain said as he removed his uniform coat and hung it on the coat tree behind his desk .
thomas reached for the gun belt he hung on his coat tree every morning .
not a breath was stir  ring , making one wonder how the cypress trees had been bent away from the cliff 's edge .
so much for your family tree .
last night , patricia had proudly told us that they had three generations of archers living under one roof : brothers , sisters , aunts , uncles , cousins , in - laws , grandmothers , grandfathers , the whole family tree .
it is n't as if we 're talking about my family tree here .
` ` you look much too young to be my great - uncle , and everyone here knows my family tree .
shifters might not be weres , and they certainly were n't forced through the change every full moon like we were , but they were from the same family tree as us rather than the human side of things .
i found an ancient family tree , including alexander 's name , with no dates of births -- or deaths .
his father had thrown him out and he 'd been struck from the family tree , so ... there you go .
` ` and you , little dreamer , you might want to check out your family tree .
` ` what did he mean with that crack about the family tree ? ''
what did hemean , i should check my family tree ? ''
she 'd looked through another half a shelf when dani said , ` ` hey , i found your family tree . ''
thea suddenly felt uncomfortable with family trees .
i ' m sure anybody who 's gone far enough back with their family tree knows that . ''
not the most charming branch of the juarez family tree .
family trees seemed to go back forever ; people passed on funny stories about famous relatives who had been dead for three or four hundred years .
and there , on an immense rectangular screen that stretched dozens of feet up the wall , was an enormous family tree drawn electronically by means of light .
she saw the screen again and the great tree of names .
a gasp rose from marius as he turned about , looking from the great glowing map to the dense and delicately drawn family tree .
what are you doing in there , making a family tree ? ''
i found a dusty rolled parchment with a faded family tree .
the drawing of dracula , the candles , the sunglassses , the covered mirrors , the family tree . ''
the last mortal in my family tree was my great - great grandmother , and i never even knew her .
even the smallest one , who looked like a christmas tree angel somebody had taken down and brought to life .
though to be honest , he was beginning to think their entire family tree was deeply rooted in the lush swamp of weird , idiosyncratic , and insane .
a huge log fire was the room 's main feature , but it was the christmas tree that drew my eye .
` ` either that , or there 's a demon in his family tree . ''
our ' family tree ' split with that first murder .
someone in his family tree had been a shyster who 'd ripped people off .
in my mind 's eye , i saw glimpses of men in christmas tree print boxers , women in tubs of vanilla bubbles , most of them shaving their legs , and even an older couple getting frisky under the covers .
contrarily , nadia was more than happy to extend the branches of the countess 's family tree , to fill in her lost history .
probably some giant blood in his family tree .
probably a little giant blood in his family tree somewhere , judging from his six - foot - six frame and large hands .
unless i missed my guess , he had both races ' blood in his family tree , giving him the best of both worlds , a giant 's size and a dwarf 's tough musculature .
her body was also taller and much slimmer than his , as though she 'd gotten more of the giant than the dwarven blood from the family tree .
troy must have had some giant blood in his family tree to survive that kind of blow to the body , because all it seemed to do was daze him for a few seconds , before he started gasping , choking , and clawing at benson 's hand around his throat .
of course , since my family tree is filled with vampires and mages , and one of my best friends is a demon , one might also imagine running into a ghost would n't be a big deal .
because it fucks up my family tree .
and then they did a cut and paste of all the family tree information that came with photos .
` ` do you have any american indian blood in your family tree ? ''
kylie had gone into a frenzy trying to dig up her family tree .
do n't we have like that family tree thing that grandma filled out ?
and before he went digging into her family tree , della wanted to find the answers herself .
victoria did n't have the heart to tell her mother - who had memorized the lineage of every noble family in england - that her interest in phillip had not extended to learning every branch of his sparse family tree .
more than once , he 'd thought to ask wayren if he could look through it - after all , he was a gardella , somewhere centuries back in his mother 's family tree .
` ` by virtue of your bloodline and family tree , indeed .
born of the gardella family tree .
the gardella name is so far back in my family tree that you and i need n't worry about our branches crossing .
the bible 's pages had been bound , and rebound , and more pages added to include the growing family tree as the decades passed .
but then he continued , ` ` i believe the back of the book shows a full family tree , and also every venator from the extended branches of the family tree - and those of us who ca n't claim one drop of gardella blood .
but then he continued , ` ` i believe the back of the book shows a full family tree , and also every venator from the extended branches of the family tree - and those of us who ca n't claim one drop of gardella blood .
fortunately there had been other vampire hunters born from gardeleus 's blood over the ages - arising randomly from far - flung branches of the family tree .
other venators , like zavier , were also from the gardella family tree , but had sprung randomly from far - flung branches that often went for three or more generations without producing a potential venator .
a leader , a decision maker , a figurehead for all the other venators , regardless of where they fell in the worldwide family tree .
she saw the way hers and aunt eustacia 's lines in the family tree fell directly beneath that of the first gardella , and how other venators appeared randomly throughout other branches .
` ` lie , '' jayd said , crossing arms over his wide chest and glaring at tree man .
we can trace ed 's whole lineage back to sol - earth , but i ca n't even go one step back on my family tree .
we could start mapping out family trees again . ''
and she was force - fed all kinds of princessly information as a child , including long , boring lists of royal family trees .
i pretend to study the family tree in my textbook .
i tried to picture my family tree .
and if there 's one thing a southerner knows , it 's their family tree .
` ` i have the wate family tree in my genealogy book .
i stared at the names i knew so well from the family tree in my dining room at home .
there was the name , the name missing from the family tree at wate 's landing - ethan carter wate .
why would the sisters have a different version of my family tree ?
` ` why is n't he on my family tree ? ''
` ` most family trees in the south are fulla lies , but i ' m surprised he made it onta any copy a the wate family tree , '' aunt grace said , shutting the book and sending a cloud of dust into the air .
` ` most family trees in the south are fulla lies , but i ' m surprised he made it onta any copy a the wate family tree , '' aunt grace said , shutting the book and sending a cloud of dust into the air .
` ` why would n't he make it on the family tree , aunt prue ? ''
` ` so you 're telling me he was erased from the family tree because he did n't want to starve to death , fighting a losing war for the wrong side ? ''
i 'd never heard of him , and he 's conveniently missing from the family tree at my house . ''
she was that pretty and exotic - looking , a mix of so many bloodlines it was like looking at the history of the south itself , people from the west indies , the sugar islands , england , scotland , even america , all intermingling until it would take a whole forest of family trees to chart the course .
lila and i were tracing the entire duchannes family tree , for a project your uncle macon had been helping us with , right up until- '' she looked down .
lena 's family tree stared back at us , right next to macon 's .
i pointed to lena 's family tree .
i ' ve seen it on my family tree . ''
the gnarled branches of my caster family tree .
i ' ve been cross - referencing every caster family tree i can find on both sides of the atlantic , including your own . ''
they 're looking at all those crazy family trees , l. none of it means anything .
she 'd seen it on her half brothers ' family tree .
the last missing piece of her family puzzle , and the one thing you could n't find on any family tree .
` ` i admit i had looked into your family tree a bit when we first brought you here .
are we not trees fortunate to have her here ? ''
amy gives rachel a fine leather - covered family bible that has a family tree in the front where they will put in all the names of their babies and the babies that the babies have down the years .
a string of multi - colored christmas tree lights hung sloppily from flat , silver and gold thumbtacks pressed into the wall .
they wanted to show off their christmas tree , but james had blown them off entirely .
if a girl wanted to stand there long enough , she could trace the gallagher family tree that branched across the tapestry through nine generations before gilly , and two generations after .
i looked at the gallagher family tree , and then at macey .
but then i found myself roaming dusty corridors that i know are rarely used , passing entrances to secret passageways and fighting the temptation to slip inside , until finally i was standing in a long , empty hall , staring at a tapestry of the gallagher family tree , longing to ease behind it - to enter my all - time favorite secret passageway and disappear .
beside me , the tapestry that bore the gallagher family tree was moving , sliding slowly between a gap in the stones that then sealed itself as if it had never been there at all .
after all , tina walters was only a few feet away ; the mchenrys and agent hughes were at the front of the room ; there were at least a dozen reasons why this was not the best time to go through the entire cameron family tree , not the least of which was that i was already way more notorious around there than any chameleon should rightfully be .
as i stopped in front of the tapestry that showed the entire gallagher family tree , i tried to imagine how many times i 'd disappeared behind it , but i knew that our trip that night had been the most important journey that that passageway had ever witnessed .
this is where the uber - rich send their uber - embarrassing , uber - crazy branches of the family tree ? ''
i swear there 's not one recessive gene in her entire jewish family tree .
the wishing tree always demands a price , no matter what grimalkin says . ''
by the length and pointy tip of her tongue i think she might have iguana genes in her family tree .
` ` those traits run in the fuentes family tree .
toilet paper wound through its trees .
a big tree service vehicle was parked at the curb , a police car behind it .
` ` looks like our family tree has a lot of rotten apples , '' the person said , in a voice that indicated she 'd figured everything out , too .
good - bye , fluffy bedspread and earring tree .
that he slept in a coffin in his backyard tree house every night .
an unoccupied desk was the first thing she saw , then a mini rotating christmas tree on the floor .
we never discussed family trees .
i knew i was n't related to fade on the bloodline tree , so that we could breed , should i want that down the line .
these family trees are impossible . ''
` ` i 'll draw you a family tree sometime . ''
` ` five pages of the family tree of the de villiers family , beginning in the sixteenth century with lancelot de villiers , the first time traveler , and ending with gideon de villiers , born in the twentieth century . ''
` ` family trees , '' said paul unhappily .
` ` the family trees that the demon from the future brought us showed only that it is impossible to wipe out your lines of descent entirely , '' he said .
languages have complicated family trees , you know - mixed marriages , stepchildren , even bastards .
the book contained intricate family trees that seemed alive .
i still remember when she had to read her family tree report in ninth grade , how upset she got . ''
dorian ran a finger down his mother 's family tree .
there , on the top of the family tree , was gavin havilliard , the mortal prince who had taken his war band into the depths of the ruhnn mountains to challenge the dark lord erawan .
hands shaking , he yanked out a book containing wendlyn 's royal family tree .
but the family tree traced only the female line .
and chaol counted down the family tree , one after one , until- my great - grandmother was fae .
maybe she merely wanted him to know that she still cared about terrasen , or- there was a poem scribbled at the top of the ashryver family tree , as though some student had dashed it down it as a reminder while studying .
a real nice family tree i had .
i ' ve started a rumor tree .
` ` plus , how can i let you go when i ' m so close to finalizing the rumor tree ? ''
the rumor tree .
and now , to purposefully change the subject , i finally finished the rumor tree .
she was about as mixed - race as a family tree could hybrid itself .
a red wooden clothes tree with two sheepskin jackets - one men 's medium , one woman 's small - and a khaki ranger 's hat was snugged into one corner .
on the wall opposite the bed , blue had pasted canvas trees decorated with collaged and found - paper leaves , and she 'd glued dried flowers over the entirety of her closet door .
` ` we used to hook up in his old tree house when his dad was home . ''
their family tree , where they 'd lived , holiday trips and happy memories .
unfortunately the circles that sasha moved in were very unforgiving , irrespective of what i was like as a person , or what was secreted away in the bank account , it was my family tree that was far more important to them .
finally she was able to get her breath back and gasped , no , my first name is sigourney , but my father can trace our family tree back to the actual branch that they used to make the guillotine from .
people like claudius wrote extensively on many subjects , including his family tree , but unfortunately , none of his work survived .
the sheer amount of family trees that spider webbed down the millennia was amazing .
his grandfather had raised three different families during three different eras , and if family rumors were true , had fathered other children that did not show up on the family tree charts kept by the estimable elderly family hens .
the family tree since 1749ad always looked the same .
people that stupid needed to be weeded from the family tree .
with this message , you will find my research and the family trees of the merovingian dynasty , as well as of the royal house of david both parts of your mothers family tree .
with this message , you will find my research and the family trees of the merovingian dynasty , as well as of the royal house of david both parts of your mothers family tree .
oh , i see , they are going to make a family tree , so they can pass it down to their children .
` ` ma wanted me to show you our ' family tree ' , as we call it so let 's head that way then you can go find pa . '' she grabbed his hand and took him a little further into the woods .
he made his way over and around the browley family tree , took out his knife and began diligently digging and engraving into the bark .
they are the genealogical trees .
this angell is the first genealogical tree on the island .
the life of a princess how could there possibly be a princess in their family tree ?
flying over so many places and countries michael and ben realised that they had a wide - branching and far - flung family tree .
dr . abrams has made it his lifes pursuit to find a permanent cure for the malady that seems to be embedded into the gene pool of his family tree .
the only unfinished branch of the family tree , according to our records , was in my great - grandfathers generation .
a pictorial family tree materialised , and lots more information .
trace back my family tree and you will find , sitting on a rotted branch , henry wren .
i ve got a cold ; feel like a trees blown over on my chest .
every family tree starts with a little wood !
i had nt really told her much about the mystery apart from some general comments about wanting to trace the family tree a little .
i have used my family tree as the background to the historical research i ve done , it makes it all so much more interesting .
she went on to talk about the family tree from that time on , but concentrated mostly on the mcadams side of the family , unsurprisingly .
we all leant across , poring over a detailed and complex family tree whose first entries at the top of the page were dated in the 1820s .
` ` you ever try trace family tree ? ''
those two were harper 's first tier pipeline when it came to starting the phone tree of false rumors , and i did n't want to give them any fuel to feed the fire .
we moved the chair and christmas tree like he suggested , james was obviously well excited about the whole thing .
the tree represents the maximum range of the .410 .
be very careful with whom you talk about to who since here in the south we are all blood - kin from one side of the family tree , giggles with the others .
we are related to one another if we could trace our family tree back to africa , one race .
there is no family tree hanging on the wall .
i do believe the englishmen originated the expression , stressing the importance of bloodlines while keeping the money within the royal family tree , laughs with the others .
within the family tree , james fathered jude who fathered elzasus .
lets jump more generations within the same family tree of james , king of gaul of france was born in 570 ad and bore royal children .
to end my researched tale the family tree of half - brother jesus named james can be traced directly to the joan of arc .
jack tattled the family tree of half - bro james , a human first born child of mary and joseph .
therefore queen jill does nt possess the jesus strand being the baby of her biological family tree .
have you looked in your family tree lately ?
can i say goodbye to my lovely tree house ?
she came from a very interesting family tree and he hoped she would enjoy reading about said family once he was gone .
near the door is an old fashioned coat tree .
look , i figure you know your family tree pretty well .
so , are you saying that eileen lynch is in your family tree ?
i scrutinized at the details of my cookies frosting design trying to remember joeys family tree , he explained it to me one time all the way up to the first in the family slayers , who started in eighteenth century colonial america .
the smallest one has a tree on the top .
i felt like i would never question arachne 's family tree again .
like you , i have a relatively shallow family tree .
entry 69 : trees erin sat huddled over , her arms wrapped around her leg to try and fight off the throbbing pain emanating from her ankle , and stared at the last place she had seen kota .
well , conrad slipped , at any rate , sort of easing his way past the doorman who obviously had some kind of troll squatting in the not to recent past of his family tree .
( see repentance , atonement and gods plan for happiness ) to live again with god see eternal life tree of knowledge of good and evil see fall of adam and eve financial terms ( this is not a complete list of terms . )
( see repentance , atonement and gods plan for happiness ) to live again with god see eternal life and celestial level of heaven tree of knowledge of good and evil see fall of adam and eve world of spirits the place we all go after death .
no , no , i remember this s tree , duss insisted .
and where does your brother fit in the generational tree ?
no , i m not a do tree shifters even exist ?
somehow , he s part of your family tree , can you believe it ?
vincent learned quickly barely thirty minutes after he d begun , he could navigate the indexs information trees almost as well as gregory himself .
the tree is only an idea given form .
it had a vast and ramified tree of possible futures .
the braskos were a gifted side of his family tree , if you could call dysfunctional beings with the ability to wield majik gifted .
stacked in piles , splattered around in pieces , some draping off trees of bone .
i figure simms should have been killed , but he managed to work the decision tree enough that he only got convicted and sent to prison .
i told you before , my family tree has some funky branches . ''
no normal sheet of paper could possibly trace their family tree , which in any case was more like a mangrove thicket .
but i 'd only met her once , briefly , in the days when everyone in l.a . thought i was just another human with a lot of fey blood in my family tree somewhere .
` ` there 's a lot of bad crazy in my family tree , '' i said .
if he was part fey it was way back in the family tree , nothing recent . ''
` ` i ' m still checking a few things ... but raiden recently uncovered a family tree that gives me every reason to believe your deduction is accurate . ''
recently , raiden and tabitha , his encinta -- that 's the witch carrying his child -- found the untouchable family tree .
do n't i have a fun family tree ? ''
` ` no dull family tree here .
in the orange light vimes had a vague upside - down glimpse of shields , and a rambling , unpruned family tree .
a long and complex family tree occupied the next dozen pages until it reached : married ...
by the way he lingers on the word ` ` cousins , '' i can tell he knows that gale and i do n't share a family tree .
our tributes have been trees for forty years under her .
clotho nodded back , took a breath , and then bent over ralph 's upturned forearm with its ghostly tree of blue veins glowing beneath the skin .
every instinct screamed at him to keep her safe , yet how could he if she refused to see danger lurking in her family tree ?
krystal had never known where or how they fitted in her complex family tree , or how they had effected what , to hear terri tell it , sounded like kidnap .
` ` this is a family tree spell , '' she said , holding the book up for all to see and then setting it back down on her lap .
i think checking her family tree is worth a try . ''
then she trickled a few drops of the nail polish on the center of the page and said : reveal to us suzan 's family tree .
it was better than staring down at the magenta ink of scarlett 's name on suzan 's family tree .
` ` this is the tree of transmission .
` ` the tree of transmission .
lizzie 's eyes shifted to the code tree and began to dart around the letters .
our family tree has had a cancer in it since the beginning of time .
in the trees world ?
although it irritates her no end , their mother never tires of commentingmeaning it as a compliment , a sign of her specialnessmarian must have inherited every german gene hidden in the roots from my side of the family tree !
so , i see margaret is still promoting my family tree , he said with a smile .
as the y - chromosome carries the family tree interest of dna , peter 's nearest male macgregor relative took the test , confirming his shared dna with the clan chief , sir malcolm macgregor of macgregor .
she had decided to put her family tree together and , having come to a full stop on her mothers side , she had just started on her fathers .
2 i was putting together our family tree on the computer the other day and i came across something strange christine said nervously .
i started working on my family tree when i was in l.a . , and i thought if i were here i could do more research at the danvers archival center .
i called dodsons office and got the usual phone tree .
it stood on an easel , lit by a carefully arranged tree of candles .
i am not including a family tree so enjoy not having to reference it .
jack turned away from the window , looking over his office ; at his desk with his familiar office chair , a coat tree , the chair for the rare customer , the old banker safe in the corner , and a gun rack with several well - polished pieces .
the family tree was full ; each entry made by her mothers hand .
rose set the bible down , ran a hand over it and knew she would come back tonight and read the family tree and psalms too .
she opened it and gazed at the family tree .
they had been so busy decorating the house for early christmas , shed barely had time to read the names on her family tree .
certainly her family tree would show her the way .
her mothers bible was full of underlining and also the scrupulously kept family tree of both her parents .
a family tree ran down the page , and ended with joseph bradford .
kevin clicked on the link , and it pulled up another family tree .
concepts tree of life general term for the relationships in nature .
now you know my whole damned family tree .
he thought the map resembled a lifeline , or perhaps the branches of a family tree .
the last picture his eyes would register would be his dear trees , attempting to run from the green horror .
mom was always a big fan of tracking her family tree down all the way back to when the corbeaus immigrated to america back sometime in the 1800s .
# trees , josh scowled as we left the gate .
blue - eyed gene from up the family tree .
born to a long line of wealthy merchants , a family tree steeped with riches , brice had spent his childhood surrounded in luxury .
she grabbed the straps of her tote - bag , a christmas tree and kitten design on the front .
dylan dillard joined the family tree with strapping grip strength and eyes that would never focus on who was talking .
my older sister said as she shoved me towards the creaky gate of the old tree mansion .
he never really researched his family tree any further than his grandparents .
go back enough great greats and the family tree is full of genetic breaks .
our family tree might trace back to a medieval king but that does nt mean we share any of his genes .
they had n't wanted their family tree darkened quite that much .
tom was one of the mean ones , the last sprig on a family tree full of plump county hacks going back to the nineteenth century .
aunts , uncles , cousins - both sides of the family tree .
occasionally we 'll hear of a stranger who 's changed , but when we research their family tree we always find links to ourselves .
look at the biliary tree outline .
all this is known as shaking the money tree , and it 's all done in the most elegant of surroundings , but going home it feels just like you were down on your knees and eating some ac / dc businessman 's cock in one of the stalls at cinema 41 .
her family tree had been published four years ago in the new england genealogist , with carla herself the compiler of record .
deep south family tree ( from thibodauxs trial ) the two town sots , known as fat larry singleton and larry larry singleton , only jobs in their lives had been jury duty .
the family tree is a little complicated .
the rest of the family tree relationships need considerable thought to quote .
the belief came after she visited the courthouse files and drew up a family tree .
they have a phone tree set up and i think star wars has us all on speed dial .
indy had managed to find a nice hawaiian shirt , a bright azure blue with orange palm trees .
6:15 - 6:45 someone starts the looping powerpoint presentation ( showcasing the menu and a family tree of the characters ) and italian music cd .
i was nt expecting to see her at tios construction site , but mother had great tenacity and was at the top of the gossip phone tree .
there are fabulously framed family trees with heraldic designs linking ' corey brinkwater jr . ' with the clan of mcdonald , ' totty leemaster ' with the cameron clan and ' hubert c. pendlebrass iii ' with both the bruces and the stuarts which implies that hubert c. pendlebrass iii from oil city texas is really the king of scotland .
i cleared my throat and , with a tight grip , shook the base of my memory tree in an attempt to ring free barrymore 's richard iii .
i say are all trees as polite as you ?
that way you d get my trees .
thanks , tree .
mind me trees you damn fools .
not that there was anything amiss about them , he had always assured himself , but he had always felt that the yb were happiest lurking in the shadier parts of the family tree .
there was simon affley of cambridge circus thirty five years and still a marketer , as his father had been working on his family tree ; simone law , a professional pianist and teacher ( much rested of late ) , who needed information about examination syllabi for some of her pupils ; adrian winethorpe , working on a school project about traffic levels in central london ; gavin , his father , who needed some local archaeological information .
do they have a phone tree ?
any progress of extending the marsdon family tree ?
` ` so your family tree looks more like a bean - counter pole ? ''
tommy looked at the report and found the section with the lines and arrows and names in tiny font that composed the family tree .
it never seemed to matter that i could n't trace an ounce of irish blood back through the family tree .
just as bari was about to inquire about the nature of tricks that the moustache was capable of , the messenger tree arrived with the pizza .
i m not really sure if he is on mom or dads side of the family since neither of them wants to climb into the family tree with uncle .
frankly , all said and done , i d rather have a monkey in my family tree than one of those born - again christians .
no georgia family tree was complete with out a branch bearin those white - flesh peaches , vyin with each other for a place in the sun but stayin out of its glare sos not to ruin their complexion .
i thought my mother 's family was just about the most exotic thing i could imagine ( and later in school i used her heritage as if it were some bizarre ethnic upbringing , as if one side of my family tree was hung with hottentots , or eskimos ) , and my canuck uncles , who were all big , strapping , lumberjack men , who could hold seven or eight nieces and nephews on their backs , were the ideal of manhood with which i constantly compared my scrawny , allergic , weak wristed self ( no upper body strength , my tennis coach would later tell me ) .
at such a constellation of events , you took another drink and thought about proust ; you thought about everything except the idea of generating your own ideas , and going to yale became a sort of accomplishment in itself , whereas once it had just been preparation for actually going and doing work , now it was the end point of everything , the final culmination that justified your getting some highly paid sinecure , that meant you felt entitled for the rest of your life and that made you believe in the absolute primacy of your thoughts , your classification as an individual several orders up the evolutionary tree than mere homo sapiens .
the sire hugh lebris of chateaux lecigones was french , through and through , as far back as his family tree could be traced ( somewhere mistily vague during the reign of pippin when the first lord of bris managed to make himself a landowner knight instead of a peasant ) .
irakli claimed he was the legitimate king of georgia in exile , and indeed he was a scion of the famous bagratide dynasty , perhaps the oldest documented in the world , as its genealogical tree dates back two thousand years .
they continued reading , looking at pictures and occasionally trying to write themhe did the word tree quite nicely , though she suspected it was still a little too early to expect much comprehensionfor another half hour ; then trevor started fussing .
margie took them to the hall tree and hung them up as pearl , behind her , sat down on a foyer chair and took off her shoes .
~~~~******~~~~ contents part one : inheritance part two : secrets part three : exile part four : probing the past part five : life goes on part six : aunt may , old men , and sunbury races part seven : eve of a funeral part eight : growing pains part nine : reaching bedrock epilogue : escape from dachau blake family tree ~~~~******~~~~ part one inheritance caroline saturday 8th september 1990 caroline blake had lived with an expectation of the day the call would come to say her father was dead .
~~~~******~~~~ blake family tree quintessence of dust ( stories ) craig wallwork copyright 2012 by craig wallwork ( kuboa ) /smashwords edition www.kuboapress.wordpress.com it is the genuine hope of kuboa to receive unfiltered feedback from readers regarding the works we produce .
galaxies become visible , long streaks of clustered stars , like a family tree that began millions and billions of years ago with the very first death .
his best lines were from his ode to a family tree where he wrote you are you and we are we , yours alone your destiny ; but do nt count us out , for we will be born again in your progeny .
in case budda did nt know the starkwether family tree by heart , she added .
the stands looked like boring tree houses .
the - parents , before their passing would have liked the farm to be taken over , by the brother or the sisters expanded families : upwards and sideways family - tree seenin the minds eye the - mother heard - speaking why do nt you ?
the tree of knowledge represents the application of meaning .
perhaps the body tree helped ?
the body tree , said lara .
in moments , tree stood in the grass beneath the window .
yes , she and tree were no longer friends , really , but in that moment she was glad to see anybody .
this was not their usual playful back - and - forth ; tree was serious .
and tree had done it ; she began in middle school and bragged about it .
all the teachers seemed amused and surprised that i was willing to go up on stage and sing a song that everyone would associate with my oddly branched family tree .
inside the cover i found a family tree that included births , deaths , and weddings beginning with michaels grandparents .
should he die without having an heir then i guess there would be a mad scramble back through the family tree .
these were the family trees of each of the sixteen children surrounding eugenes and sharons family trees in the center .
these were the family trees of each of the sixteen children surrounding eugenes and sharons family trees in the center .
in the dining room , sharon explained the polished walnut family tree filling one wall .
the long wall opposite the family tree contained the photo collage the children had created over the years .
the genetic history of each rose bush was printed on a laminated card , a family tree for each one fixed to its pot .
the lid was a single piece of walnut with the family tree and its many trunks chip - carved into the wood on both sides .
one of my favorite things about mr . van fleet was reading the stories about his life in the box on the family tree .
this is the tree .
the tree still does nt fit .
mr . ellisonwho could trace his familys history all the way back to a slave - holding black man , could not fathom how bens family tree essentially started and ended with ben .
he wished that he could examine the family tree in the library .
she had been taken there expressly to see the family tree what more natural than that she should like to look in again ?
rollie and i put our first christmas tree on the tiny kitchen table .
lyssa paused in the shadow of the greenhouse and thought about what those were , other than the possibility of extending the family tree .
there were several other cars parked on the road , obviously making the gazette tree tour .
the guy we met on that gazette tree tour .
are you sure you do nt have any mages in your family tree ?
the room felt like an abandoned tree house .
the screen flashed up a kind of tree of life , in reality it was a simple flow chart of asset movement and checkpoints .
then i suppose , she said as soothingly as possible , that we draw a whole new family tree , and we start from scratch .
grey was having quite enough of family trees by now .
frank studied the portraits hanging like a family tree .
judging by some of the titles trees died unnecessarily .
as long as she continued to successfully shake the money tree no one was going to seriously question her actions .
dixie halfway nodded then the switchboard went christmas tree again .
my occupation is strangely unnecessary , but as dr . grey finds it of the utmost importance to gain as much information on his guests as possiblenames , occupations , places of birth and if it can be discovered , their very family tree -- the anonymous unclaimed souls provided to his peers will not do for the purposes of his research .
my imagination had already furnished a whole family tree for him , including a grandfather who had risen from nothing to own a whole series of wool and cloth mills , before i even spoke .
but damned if bubba was going to advertise to such an attractive woman that not only was there a famous , addlebrained kook in the family tree but that his legacy was still impacting the property in terms of excessive heaps of dirt scattered here , there , and everywhere , as well as in the form of frequent and irritating intruders intent on hitting the mother lode .
there s our christmas tree , there s dad and bob wearing their matching santa hats , and there are several photos of brian and me , all dressed up .
finally , he put the jeeps keys back behind the counter , and motioned tree out through another door and onto the tarmac .
why not , tree had said .
he came to see tessa , tree said .
and there s a family tree on the back of the same sheet of paper .
there were references in the blog to an aunt arabella and two male cousins none of whom seemed to fit in the family tree .
her sweet tone had peter wondering if she had southern belles in her family tree .
let me get it out , i said , reaching into the plastic bin for our family favorite , the skiing santa that had graced just about every wilson family tree for the last thirty years .
the loving , totally functional household he d grown up in had prepared him for his position as the last branch in the ashton family tree .
pappy 's will stated that the ranch could nt be touched by anything other than blooded ashton hands until the last in the family tree perished .
daphne could be a long lost relative for all she knew and did nt relish going into the family tree of the trewellyns .
a diagram of the kessler family tree was also laid out .
one window even had a christmas tree , decorated with toys and ribbons .
islander pulls off his cowboy boots then neatly hangs his jacket onto the clothing tree inside the foyer for work tomorrow .
i also know all the belles family tree , mostly through economic commerce in bama .
i got a flight out to one tree the next morning .
i phoned the police in one tree , and told them what happened .
howard greene said he wanted to meet at the d & e restaurant not far from my motel in downtown one tree .
the women in my family tree were plump , cheerful mothers , equally prejudiced but devoted to their kids like mother bears .
although , sara admitted , i have never traced my family tree .
i stood , tossed the plastic breakfast trays and utensils in the trash and grabbed my own jacket from the coat tree in the corner .
have you ever researched our family tree ?
there were so few listed on the family tree .
123 pounds attractive no siblings no love relationship libra graduated high school undecided on career studied astrology loves to read drives taurus dad died in accident at her age 11 mother remarried when manda age 14 she and husband live in north west inherits live oaks at age 23 from great aunt previously unknown to her drives back roads to area of gulf shore , alabama to claim inheritance stays in harbor hotelroom # 210hotel phone 251 - 632 - 1011 tends to stress easily desires simplicity in life loves chocolate vague recognition of karyns picture on news -- -realizes she looks like susan at bedtime asks her mom to get mandas dads family tree teresa june oneill mandas mom had manda at age 32 lost husband and mandas father from work accident in 1995 when she was 43 remarried in 1998 at age 46 moved to pacific north west low to middle class born at live oaks -- -- does not know this has never heard of live oaks has never researched family tree has never heard of violet louise cochran .. listed in courthouse records as her mom and mandas grandmother -- -- -- -- -- -- - ( check this in story ) believes her mom is megan katherine simpson.the woman who raised her -- -- - ( check this in story ) thinks her fathers name is whitman james oneill.courthouse lists his name as james whitman oneill -- -- -- -- -- -- - ( check this in story ) believes her father died several years after her birthcourt records show he died in 1998 has never seen birth certificates.lost many years ago worries manda reassures her that she will get the info straightened out .
asks manda for updates agrees to get mandas dads family tree gem murderer male appearance : unknown identity : unknown any other information regarding him : unknown drawn to live oaks during day light .
someone who dutifully passed the combined genetic mutations of a million members of the same family tree on to an opposite sex representative of another equally diverse family tree for the purpose of producing yet another child in a very long line ?
someone who dutifully passed the combined genetic mutations of a million members of the same family tree on to an opposite sex representative of another equally diverse family tree for the purpose of producing yet another child in a very long line ?
arts sister had once attempted to trace their family tree .
as he moved into the club he heard the jangle of the two inch thick gold bracelet slide down the bouncers tree like arm as the huge gold sovereign ring caught ians eye .
as if i am hoarding memories , in lieu of a family tree .
she already had plenty of background on sex criminal arthur lemaine , including a family tree .
` ` portia and i. i ' ve got her digging through her family tree .
as you might guess , her family tree is not a pleasant subject . ''
` ` i ' m working on the family tree , '' she said , ` ` and i ' m finding a lot of bad apples . ''
given the bareness of her family tree , it was easy to be cynical and to dismiss a lot of potential relatives .
with sallie in the room , and commenting occasionally , they spent an hour updating the family tree .
portia explained that she and her mother were trying to put together their family tree and there was a chance they might be related to him .
somewhere on the shadier side of his wife 's family tree , there had been a great - uncle or a distant cousin named burt .
there were stacks of software boxes , bearing titles like family tree maker and family origins .
` ` i know who my family is , '' i said , and spoke the truth , for my mother 's idea of a great christmas present was a family tree ready - framed for my wall .
to cut short her apologies , she bent to plug in the christmas tree , which almost filled a quarter of the room .
if i had learned the family tree correctly , calla was a first cousin of bobo 's father , once removed .
the family tree could be traced back to the early sixteenth century , when the name was vangeersad .
blomkvist had drawn up a family tree on several sheets of a4 paper taped together .
signals passed between them that blomkvist could not interpret , which might have had to do with the fact that he was basically a poor working - class boy from norrland and she was an upper - class girl with a distinguished , international family tree .
harald measured his skull or checked his family tree or something and discovered that he was one - quarter jewish . ''
his family tree is f**ked up .
` ` thank you for bringing up the family tree .
the vinyl might be cracked and faded and it was n't no giving tree from that shel silverstein book , but at least the man could give his balls a rest .
there are red and green lights strung up along the ceiling and a christmas tree centerpiece on each table .
we do n't exactly have in - depth genealogists running around in my branch of the family tree . ''
` ` it 's probably a family tree . ''
gray stopped us at the hall tree and helped me put on my coat .
` ` i ' ve added you to my relationship emergency phone tree . ''
my family tree was royal .
your rotten family tree .
my family tree was impeccable .
i knew her family tree .
the women of my family tree were designated to another room .
not for the first time , i wondered if my entire family tree was bat - shit crazy .
the weavers were n't our agenda - it was the convenience of having an exclusive family tree destined to let us torment and torture , to keep our fangs dripping and claws sharp .
this debt that killed my mother and all the firstborn women in my family tree was ridiculous ?
going through his family tree , he 'd discovered some interesting facts about his family .
anna had seen their family tree and had noticed at one time four boys had been born .
it 's in our personal family tree and diaries .
of that she had no doubt but she was n't about to start adding the entire buchanan family tree to her list of conquests any time soon .
` ` no , '' she answered breathlessly , feeling completely stuffed from head to toe with the baddest buchanan in the family tree .
we even have a few norns in our family tree .
lots of people who still live in town can trace their family trees back to kings carnies .
i ca nt find one person in our family tree with that color hair .
the hardware stores christmas tree was bedecked with shiny metal tools and mesh wire formed into bells and angels .
colorful ethnic tree .
oh , no , none of miss jeans girls were in my family tree .
my family tree can be traced back to elizabeths oldest daughter , miriam .
someone unknown had been into the family tree stuff , and worked it back for almost 1500 years , which in itself was amazing .
it would seem that samhain did a whole family tree of the le pierre lafayette family .
the discovery of the world of genealogy finally generated several trips to find new branches on the family tree .
with my family tree program , i had added his line in and found that my great - grandaunt ivy wyman mcfall had married daves great - granduncle joshua mcfall back in 1889 .
for some reason , i felt the need to go to my family tree program because a certain date kept running through my head .
i brought up the list of my family members in the family tree and scanned down through the dates displayed for each person , birth and death dates .
the family tree included over seventeen thousand relatives .
i scrolled down the wyman family tree ; rose , her children , aunts , uncles , thenwait , i almost overlooked it .
i had gone to my computer and fired up my genealogy program and looked on my family tree documents , finding the same photograph .
after that experience , i used my digital camera to make sure i had new photos of every old original photograph and tintype in my possession , and kept them in my family tree program on my computer .
now , they were crisp and clear , and thanks to my wonderful , funny , and sweetest - ever great - great - grandma rose , who had pointed out who was who , i knew exactly who every one of her siblings were and had added digital close - ups of their individual faces to each of their family tree profiles .
i had used the time between my return from colorado to today adding all the detail and stories to my family tree program from the notes i had taken while with bill the barber , as well as adding the schoolhouse photos to grandpa arlans bio page .
while i logged on to my family tree , i said , go on ; what else do you remember about the dream ?
by using her family tree program , he was able to see some photographs of mcfall ancestors he recognized from the warps .
i thought for a moment , thinking about my family tree and katie .
i ran the date over and over in my mind , mentally bringing up my family tree and trying to consider all possibilities .
i need history on shadow hill hotel , and maybe a family tree .
each spoon on the spoon tree was put there for a reason .
the spoon tree a family series ~ abbys story ~ when you re fifty three and suddenly become a mother to your grandchildren , there s little room for anything other than making it through another day .
the spoon tree a family series ~ abbys story ~ by bria daly also by bria daly a trade for good series a trade for good ~ book i a trade for better ~ book ii a trade for keeps ~ book iii the spoon tree ~ a family series abbys story tom and abbys story a spoon for laura another spoon for meg coming soon cajun menagerie 20 questions the flip side of crazy sisters out of rank a tail in two cities ~ a childrens story re - published in digital format to insanity and beyond , a moms journey ( available in digital and paperback ) copyright 2014 by bria daly smashwords edition all rights reserved .
and so is our family tree .
by the time they made it through all the greats in the ancestors , the distance in their family tree would n't matter even if she and cade could end up together .
she would soon be mrs . trevor callahan , and , other than learning about rachel , the beauregard family tree did n't matter to her .
who had nt cared just how muddied her family tree was since he already had his heir .
photographs can really reveal a family tree .
hell , she did nt even know her own father , let alone the rest of her family tree .
it was bad enough her family had conspired to get caleb to escort her to the doctor , then dragged him into their family tree expedition .
by god , girl , we ca nt have a girl of your background muddying up our family tree !
` ` so your branch of the family tree got the wolf genes ? ''
so that had to mean that somewhere in my family tree there was someone who was white .
the christmas tree lights twinkled , the kitchen gleamed .
he 's so popular and successful that i must be dying to claim his revered family tree as my own .
when they got there , mercy saw goodness on top of the christmas tree harry and rosalie 's son - in - law had set up in a corner of the living room .
if there had ever been a poor gentry in the family tree , it was too far back to be found .
nobody ever bothered with a genealogy , but i ' ve never heard of any hawkins on the family tree . ''
cal 's researched the hawkins 's family tree , and i ' ve done a quick overview .
meanwhile , we ' ve got charts of family trees as we know them , and layla 's trying to shake some ancestry out of her relatives . ''
` ` i can look deeper into the family tree for you , q .
the christmas tree lights are off and the registration desk is dark .
are you researching your family tree ? ''
she hung her down coat on the hall tree in the entry and came into the living room .
` ` if any of you have ever traced your own family tree , '' she called over the din of the crowd , ` ` then you 'll know what sorts of treasures lie buried in the roots . ''
` ` you 'll have twenty minutes ' access to the internet to begin researching your own family tree , '' miss sophia said , tapping a stopwatch .
my family tree .
she wanted to call callie now , to bolt out of this library and take a rain check on the family tree assignment .
penn was right - this was way better than mapping out her family tree .
of all the faculty here , miss sophia was by far the nicest , even gently pulling luce aside the other day to discuss how far behind luce was in the writing of her family tree paper .
some distant relative , the author of the book maybe , who 'd funneled each one of his genes straight down the family tree right to daniel .
` ` a sliding scale depending on your family tree .
her future husband would probably have enough somewhere in his family tree to make sure her children were dragomirs , but for now , being the only one made her kind of a celebrity .
he sniffed , noticing primly that she did not seem to have a closet or a hall tree near the door .
and refusing to find out if there are any obvious issues in your family tree .
` ` i have no idea what 's in my family tree . ''
if you want to trace every branch of your family tree , i 'll help .
` ` many people would be surprised at what they find in their family tree if they look back a generation or two .
our hope was rewarded with the knowledge that my family tree is not entirely cursed . ''
his body hair followed the tree of life pattern , with the tufts under his arms and curls across his chest , then the narrowing line that ran down his abdomen before spreading again at his groin .
the slightly smoky shade of her perfect skin also hinted at the intermingling with a slave or two somewhere on that family tree .
i did n't recall any witches on my family tree , but that did n't mean they were n't there .
okay , jolene and i will handle the phone tree .
she 'd had a suck - ass family tree too .
she neglected , of course , to point out that she also had a few hotheaded abolitionists in her family tree , as well as an ancestor who served with general sherman in the civil war .
todd would be accepted regardless of his grades because he had a family tree filled with alums .
the lamp was on at one end of the sofa and the christmas tree lights twinkled in the other end , but other than that the room was cast in shadows .
reluctantly , she cupped lex 's head in both hands and tugged him tree .
` ` everyone has strange people in their family tree , and it does n't have to- '' she pulled at her hair .
the first thing jude saw was a shamrock - green sweater hanging from the antique hall tree by the door .
a long , symmetrical nose and high cheekbones made her look slightly nordic , as if finnish genes entered into her family tree a few generations back , along with something spicier .
` ` do they have an ephraim wilson in their family tree ? ''
while i had n't paid a great deal of attention to frank 's work , i did know about the firm , which maintained a staff of half a dozen professional researchers specializing in scottish genealogy ; not the sort of place that gave you a family tree showing your relationship to robert the bruce and had done with it .
` ` why , it 's daddy 's family tree ! ''
` ` daddy always admired him ; said he was one of the few interesting people in the family tree .
` ` why , it 's my family tree , '' roger said in surprise .
` ` oh , it 's one of the stories dad - the reverend , i always called him dad - used to tell me , going down my family tree and pointing out the folk on it . ''
it was his family tree , a genealogical chart made out in the reverend 's neat round hand .
` ` you pointed out the place on my family tree where the substitution was made ; where geilie duncan 's child by dougal was adopted in place of another child who 'd died , and given his name . ''
you 'll never manage the next branch on your family tree unless you show a bit more industry than that . ''
` ` if i end as a childless stub on my family tree , it will undoubtedly be the fault of our untiring hostess out there .
` ` so you have the proverbial horse thief in your family tree ? ''
that he was , in fact , not only jamie 's nephew , but her own as well , if a bit further down the family tree than one might expect ?
` ` when i saw roger 's family tree , and realized who william buccleigh mackenzie must be .
` ` garrett , '' the doctor said , as he removed his coat and hat , hanging them on the hall tree near the front door .
` ` i need to search my family tree . ''
` ` family albums , newspaper cut outs ... a family tree ? ''
it was a list of names , similar to a family tree , but it only fol owed one line .
a mortal who has no werewolves in her family tree i bet . ''
buzzing filled his head and his tree quivered under her mouth .
his family tree .
in one of their more disgustingly cute moments , lissa and christian had looked up his family tree to see if he had enough dragomir genes to be able to pass on the name .
` ` last day at the tree lot is always a madhouse , '' cruise says , navigating us through the melee .
then i found the family tree .
` ` i have this folder full of birth certificates and a family tree .
i knew his family tree .
as far as he knew , every cole in the family tree going back as far as his great - grandfather had spent time in prison .
the celtic tree alphabet .
while ginger 's four sons resembled each other , gabrielle was almost certain this was the youngest , the architect who did renovations on historic homes - and also happened to be married to a woman with royal roots to her family tree .
` ` could someone explain the family tree ? ''
he thrust the christmas tree into the room .
i think we should take a look at the old family tree and prune it proactively of any other cousins who do n't live in the palace .
liza had been vindicated , and the integrity of the family tree as a sort of family journal had remained intact .
` ` the day you appeared on our family tree , i wanted to cut it down . ''
i did n't exactly read his family tree when i was assigned to him . ''
if roarke had been born a werewolf , then he had others in his family tree .
she 'd already concluded that roarke 's family tree included other werewolves like him .
his voice is so neutral it sounds like a series of sound bites , like phone trees at major corporations .
florida 's probate and intestate laws were crystal clear , as was her extremely sparse family tree .
the new surname had been plucked from one of the many branches twigging off his regal family tree .
castillo comes from my mother 's family tree .
hanging up her coat alongside his on a cast - iron coat tree , she eyed the massive floor - to - ceiling windows with new perception , suddenly certain the glass was bulletproof .
` ` the medinas typically pull from the family tree . ''
` ` my family tree is filled with relatives .
not many long - term role models for happily ever after on my family tree . ''
she might not be the brightest bulb on the christmas tree , he thought , thinking back on that whole cat story she 'd told him a few minutes ago .
the bland - as - a - vanilla - wafer jerk was looking at her as if she were an ornament he was planning to hang on his illustrious family tree .
civilized , she thought , was what ryan barely seemed , despite generations of money and breeding in the sperling family tree .
it is , however , also a surname that appears in our family tree . ''
mother is well aware that the only actresses in the family tree were all born on the wrong side of the blanket . ''
she was n't the brightest bulb on the christmas tree to be confronting someone who could be a criminal .