i say , pointing to an ivy crawling up a tree trunk on the river side of the trail .
we ' ve come to a stop before a thick , sturdy trunk , inlaid with wooden planks that serve as footholds .
guiding her to bend forward , he placed her hands on the horizontal trunk , nudged her legs apart with his own , and crouched behind her , tipping back his head and tasting her delicious warmth .
evan threw himself in the space on the platform between her and the tree trunk and she slammed into him at speed , knocking the wind from her lungs .
before her sat a perfectly shaped tree with dark green bristles and a straight round trunk .
using all her strength she hauled it toward her then she bent her knees as she 'd been taught , grabbed the handles and lifted the massive weight out of the trunk .
after lunch she leaned against the tree trunk and listened to them talk animatedly about notre dame sports , with brian giving storm the low down on the latest wins in hockey , football and basketball .
my ankles look like tree trunks . ''
he opened the trunk of her sedan .
she smiled and leaned back against the trunk of the tree behind her .
he shifted slightly so that his shoulder was leaning against one of the thick tree trunks beside him .
her mind spun slightly when he lifted her higher , his hands lifting her and holding her against him while he spun around , leaning her gently against the trunk of a tree , giving him greater access to her while his hands positioned her legs so they were wrapped around his waist .
even with the moonlight still gleaming from the evening sky , everything around her seemed gray , from the tombstones to the thick trunks of trees that filled the cemetery like unspeaking , stalwart sentinels .
a little gray squirrel ran down the trunk , twitching its tail as a second , larger squirrel chased it .
still she had clung to him like a vine on the thick trunk of a strong tree .
then he set her down , stripped her out of her clothes , and pushed her against the nearest wide tree trunk .
she might ' ve had better luck trying to separate a large branch from the trunk of a tree .
her knee scraped the latches of the trunk .
he swung her back against the trunk of the car , lifting her onto it , his mouth still ravishing hers as his hand burrowed under her mini - skirt , moved her silk panties aside , found the soft moist furrows of her sex and stroked her to a fever pitch of need , her whole being screaming for it to be fulfilled .
she lay limply spreadeagled on the trunk of the car with him bent over her , the heat of his harsh breathing pulsing against her throat .
a wham - bam on the trunk of a car was almost an insult to the fascinating woman she was .
on the trunk of her car !
though on the trunk of a car might have been a first , given his comment of disbelief .
the stage at the end of the room is made of hedge and surrounded by magnolia trees that were separated into trunks , branches and flowers so they could be flown in from america .
` ` yeah , '' he said as he pulled her closer to the tree trunk .
he patted the heavy trunk beside them .
he planted one hand on the trunk over her head and leaned in .
her captor was seated on the ground , his broad shoulders propped against a tree trunk , his knee drawn up , studying her in silence .
jenny 's musical laughter pealed like bells startled by a sudden wind , and royce grinned at her as she slumped helplessly against the tree trunk beside him , her shoulders shaking with mirth , her cheeks tinted the same pale pink as the fetching gown she wore .
it was more a matter that i was invited to come along by the most enormous man i ' ve ever beheld , who also happens to carry a war axe in his belt with a handle nearly the size of a tree trunk .
glancing eagerly up and down the road , he searched expectantly for the fair - haired giant called arik - the giant who was said to guard his master day and night , and who carried an axe with a handle thick as a tree trunk .
he stood up on unsteady legs and leaned against the trunk of the tree , staring at her in amazed silence .
to illustrate her point , she retreated a step and leaned her shoulders against the sycamore 's trunk , as if it were the most comfortable place in the world to be .
whitney turned around and discovered clayton sitting with one knee drawn up , his shoulders propped against a tree trunk behind him .
sitting down , he propped his shoulders against the same tree trunk where he had sat that day with whitney cradled on his lap .
leaning her shoulders against the tree trunk behind her , she said , ` ` did i sound like a snob ? ''
` ` just one thing , '' he said with blunt honesty as he placed his hand high on the tree trunk behind her .
suddenly his dark head and shoulders broke the surface beside the submerged tree trunk , and a sob of relief rose in her throat as she saw him haul himself up onto the ledge of ice .
the ball whined past jason 's ear as he fell , ricocheted off the trunk of the tree , and ripped across his upper arm .
` ` yes , black - you know , like tree trunks when they 're wet , and freshly tilled fields that smell like- '' she inhaled , trying to recall the exact scent .
stopping at the entrance to the arbor , he leaned against the trunk of an oak tree and said in a detached , impersonal voice , ` ` i ' m afraid you have no choice except to do me the honor of becoming my wife . ''
before he could guess what she was about , alexandra hitched up her skirts , displaying a pair of slim calves , trim ankles , and small bare feet , then she scampered up onto the wide trunk of the fallen tree with the agile grace of a gazelle .
with the lithe agility of an athlete , he bounded onto the tree trunk and began walking toward her , moving out along the branch until she was within arm 's reach .
the climb was steep enough , but the trunk , which originally felt quite light , seemed to gain a pound of weight with every step they took .
she panted , hauling the trunk the last few feet .
propping his shoulder against the tree trunk , ian watched with amusement as she grasped the heavy gun in both her hands and raised it , biting her lip in concentration .
the roughened bark of the tree trunk bit into her back and shoulders , but she did n't move away ; the pain proved to her that she was still living .
jake stopped in front of the dismembered tree trunk .
i slam my hand across the top of the trunk as hard as i can before watching it pull away , taking him out of my life again .
he puts his hands around my waist and hoists me up onto the trunk .
i put my hands on the trunk and scoot my bottom closer to him while i lean back so he can go in deeper .
` ` i 'd hate to know we conceived a baby on the trunk of the sunset . ''
he took her behind obscuring trees , pressed her against a smooth trunk , then took her face in both hands .
one was wearing a red hoodie with matching trunks and the other was wearing a dark blue version of the same outfit .
the crowd cheered for the man in red trunks .
he pointed to red trunks .
as for striking- '' he pointed to blue trunks .
then he wound up and punched the tree 's trunk , sending a large chunk of bark flying .
` ` i got it , '' robert insisted as he balanced the large cooler precariously on the trunk of the car .
you would have never known that someone had tried to kill himself with this tree , the trunk looking strong and unblemished .
i sat down next to it , leaning my back against the trunk as i looked up , catching glimpses of blue sky between the limbs .
the dog peed on the trunk , then luis carried him across the fire escape to his new neighbor 's bedroom window .
cory moved forward , backing luis off the road and into a large tree trunk .
he spread his legs wide and rested one of the high heels on top of the old rusted trunk .
i 'll punch a tree trunk instead . ''
he walked to the other side of the ridge and punched a tree trunk a few times .
i walked over to a willow tree several feet away , ducking under the curtain of leaves , and sat down with my back to the trunk .
never letting go of her lips , he stood and began walking towards the trunk of the willow tree .
when jake was standing before her once again , she tried to nod her head forward , only to find herself stopped short by a tightening of the rope around her neck ; he must have tied it off around the tree trunk .
the orange smacked against the trunk , bouncing off and landing in a pile of half - green oranges collecting on the grass .
he pulled another orange off the tree and pitched it into the tree trunk .
she glanced up to see how dominic was reacting , and was disappointed to see him sitting on a bench carved from a tree trunk on the opposite side of the room .
jp pulled himself up with the help of a nearby tree trunk .
finally able to see his face , she stumbled back into a tree trunk .
maneuvering her car into the narrow lane cut out between thick tree trunks , she turned on her headlights for better visibility .
but before she could make contact , a sharp blade whacked against her skull and knocked her back into a tree trunk .
thirty minutes later , he stopped the truck in front of a huge tree trunk that was lying across the road .
it 's up ahead , jammed between a couple of tree trunks .
for the first hundred feet or so she was able to keep her footing , but as the mountain grew steeper , she was no match for the thick tree trunks and large rocks that kept slamming into her knees and legs .
standing up , she carefully picked her way down the hill in her tennis shoes , holding on to tree trunks for support .
the hike over tree trunks and wide boulders had gone much more quickly than she expected .
when they came to the first of the wide tree trunks in the middle of the trail , sam made a spur - of - the - moment decision to try to carry the bike over the barrier .
she 'd easily scrambled over the tree trunks on the way to the campground , but now , between her fatigue and her despair , he knew she needed his help .
grabbing a thick tree trunk , he pulled himself upright , fitting the toes of his boots into crevasses between the rocks .
at the last possible second , he let go of his hold on the stranger , reached out with his good arm , gripped a narrow tree trunk , and held on for everything he was worth .
she stopped beside a tree trunk , wrapped her arms around it , leaned into it .
hiking through the thick forests , holding his hand at the top of the hill , the whole world at their feet , loving it when he pressed her up against a rough tree trunk , shivering as his fingers moved beneath her shirt , to her bra , crying out as his large palms cupped her , caressed her .
he tightened his grip on the tree trunk , not realizing that the bark was digging into his flesh until a moment too late .
the flickers of blue between trunks and branches grew larger and larger until the forest gave way to sand .
he 'd gone out to the workshop , grabbed the heaviest ax he could find , and started slamming it into a thick tree trunk .
especially since two dozen people were rushing under the tree , all talking at once , throwing a ladder against the trunk , reaching for them .
glancing around , ty eyed the nearest tree with a large , wide trunk .
ty followed her , hell , stalking her , and when she reached the tree and started to turn back toward him , her mouth open to question , ty just took her and pushed her back against the tree trunk , his hand slipping down into her unzipped jeans at the same time he claimed her lips again .
ty reached out and yanked her off the tree trunk , where she 'd looked frozen midfuck , and gave her a quick kiss .
ty had dropped it on the edge of the trail , just before he had marched imogen up against the tree trunk .
he had shoved her against a tree trunk , and shown her exactly how much he wanted her .
imogen 's mouth watered and she had a sudden flashback to the feel of him inside her on the trail , her backpack against the tree trunk , her jeans partially down , his urgent thrusting inside her .
` ` you look like a tree trunk . ''
a very , very cute tree trunk .
she approached the tree house and was about to attempt the rickety ladder leading up the trunk when she heard a rustling sound from the bushes .
of course he 'd won , so there she was in the middle of a woodland area having spent the day posing on rocks and protruding tree trunks .
the arched door in the base of its massive trunk was the entrance to maggie 's home , and its branches reached out above our heads and into the surrounding area for twenty yards in either direction .
the heavily - armed dwarf stopped not five feet from my tree and looked around with narrowed eyes , making me desperately want to move around the trunk some more before he saw me ; but it was too late to do that now .
she made a face at me and circled around the tree trunk .
i started to reach for her but she moved again , switching to the other side of the tree trunk .
a tree growing from one root , split into two trunks , entwined and woven one around the other , reaching together heavenward .
i watched his jaw tense , and the felt his arms turn to iron bands around my body , his washboard abs turn to rock , his thighs to tree trunks , and then his eyes rolled back in his head and he began to rumble deep in his chest .
i cupped the solid globes of his ass , the thick trunks of his legs , his belly to either side of his cock , his hips , his thighs .
he placed a knee on the trunk at the foot of the bed and leaned over her supine , bound form .
he just started running some games in new york too , '' cam said , and clay stopped at a tree , setting his palm against the trunk .
they screeched and hollered at one another , tearing around the tree trunks that served as their jungle gym .
he slowly lowered us down to the ground until his back rested against the trunk of a tree and i sat comfortably in his lap .
everything about him matches the huskiness of his voice - tall , broad shoulders , not bulky but undoubtedly solid , like the thick , sturdy trunk of a gorgeous redwood tree , a black suit perfectly hugging his frame .
karissa is standing at the car when i step outside , resting on the back bumper , leaning against the trunk .
the announcer read the opponents ' names , trunk colors , corners , and which mma club they represented - if any - before going over the rules .
the bamboo rod supports the spine - the trunk .
clean shaven and unsmiling , his barrel chest and tree trunk arms filled the doorway .
with a brawny chest , ripped biceps , big hands , and never - ending legs thick as tree trunks .
a sturdy branch stuck straight out from the thick trunk .
he braced her spine against the trunk of an old oak tree and framed her face in his hands , not saying a word , just watching her with those dark blue eyes .
the friction of his swimming trunks rubbing against his c**k as her body writhed on his instantly turned his c**k into granite .
` ` i ca n't reach that high , so i want you to pick that plum closest to the trunk . ''
off to the left were half a dozen fruit trees , the bottom of the trunks painted white , which was weird .
a pair of leather pants covered his legs , which were as thick as tree trunks , and probably just as hard if they matched his back .
unlike that day , he was now dressed in a silk tunic top and wool leggings that framed his tree trunk legs even tighter than the pants he 'd shown up in colorado wearing .
beau prescott had it going on in the body department with thick muscles that rippled down his arms , across his abdomen , and over his tree trunk legs .
but as they crossed paths at the trunk , julian grabbed her for a hot kiss that made her dizzy .
ash grabbed him up by his throat and slammed him against the trunk of the car .
ash crushed his windpipe and left him sprawled dead on the trunk of the car not caring who saw what he was doing .
she might be adventurous , but really , some of this stuff was just too much for her ... like the men 's bikini briefs that held an elephant 's trunk where a certain piece of male anatomy would be .
he was a good three inches taller than donovan at six - six , with arms and legs as stout as tree trunks and a belly that was the first thing that hit an opponent .
brina flopped down on a sofa carved from the trunk of a tree .
he paused at a downed tree , squatted to lift one end , then shoved the twelve - inch - thick trunk off their trail .
she knocked one demon back against the trunk of a hardwood tree so large her arms would n't reach around it .
she threw a blast of energy at the tree ten feet up , severing the trunk and sending a ton of wood down to crush the demon 's backbone .
morning sun streamed between the gnarled trunks , over the seeping bark .
with both opponents eliminated , lothaire tried not to notice that the tree trunks seemed to yawn closer to the corpses .
he blocked out the groan of a ravening trunk , the whistled hiss of a limb ... ... with a shudder , lothaire traced back to the apartment .
kneeling before the trunk , she stabbed her gauntlet claws into it , then peered up , blinking against the downpour .
he craned his head up at the trunk of this tree .
the marks were all around the same size , lined up and patterned along the trunk .
she spied a leafy branch that arched down beside a smooth trunk , heavier streams of water following it , making a shower head of sorts .
when he pressed closer , she stepped back against the smooth tree trunk , putting the curtain of water between them .
` ` you 're exquisite , '' he finally bit out , laying his palms against the tree trunk above her head .
thronos punched the tree , cracking the trunk , but melanthe never faced him .
he snatched at his hair , then twisted around to punch the trunk of a moonraker .
a babbling brook meandered around the trunks .
she tries to keep her voice light , but the truth keeps the words stark , blown bare like a smooth tree trunk .
it was a casual movement , but the cords in his neck were standing out like thick roots wrapping a tree trunk .
` ` be glad it is n't winter , '' said raphael , setting the spade against the trunk of a nearby tree .
raphael glanced at jace , who was lounging against a tree trunk .
sebastian had ducked or moved somehow , clary could n't tell , and the arrow had gone past him , lodging in the trunk of a tree .
jace pressed himself closer to the tree trunk .
simon staggered and nearly fell ; he caught at a tree trunk to steady himself and looked up , barely able to believe what he was seeing .
the trees rose nearly to the height of the demon towers , their silvery trunks wrapped with ribbons , colored lights caught in the whispering green nets of their branches .
there were runes carved into the trunks of the trees that surrounded them , marking it as a shadowhunter place .
he dropped his hand and backed up slowly , stumbling down the steps and across the sidewalk , fetching up against the trunk of one of the big trees that shaded the block .
clary paused in a circle of dripping trees ; the branches blocked most of the rain here , and isabelle and clary leaned their umbrellas against the trunks of nearby trees .
as the creeper that girdles the tree trunk , the law runneth forward and back ; for the strength of the pack is the wolf , and the strength of the wolf is the pack .
magnus had dined with faeries only a few times before in his life , and the decor had always tended toward the naturalistic - tree - trunk tables , cutlery made of elaborately shaped branches , plates of nuts and berries .
isabelle sat down on the trunk at the foot of alec 's bed , stretching out her long legs .
his armor was dark brown , the color of the trunk of a tree ; one of his eyes was black , the other pale blue , almost white .
it was shaded in here , and hidden , the ground all packed earth and roots , mountain mint with its starry white flowers growing around the trunks of the trees in clusters .
she backed up against a tree trunk , pulling jace with her , so that he leaned against her , his hands on either side of her shoulders , and she rested in the cage of his arms .
blue light bounced off the tree trunks , following her retreat .
i leaped over rocks and fallen tree trunks , my muscles screaming as i pushed harder and harder .
god bless morris , because somehow , even with an airbag in his face , he turned that steering wheel , spinning the vehicle around so the back end instead of the front slammed into the thick trunk of an ancient tree .
pushing my backpack aside , i wiggled through the opening and climbed down the boards nailed into the trunk of the tree .
bambi hit the trunk with a nasty , sickening thud and fell to the ground in a messy , unmoving lump .
roth turned away , appearing to inspect a tree trunk as though it held the answers to life .
his were as green as the leaves , and mine were as brown as the trunk .
i opted for keeping silent , concentrating on not running headfirst into any of the mammoth tree trunks .
i had to grab the trunk of a small tree growing at its edge to stop myself from tumbling in .
there was no way anyone could mistake this place for central park , with its strange trees towering over us , some soaring well over a hundred feet with trunks at least two arm - lengths thick .
the trees were the size of enormous ancient oaks , their canopies sprawling , only their trunks were made of a crystalized substance .
with barely a thought , i chased after him , my new muscles flexing as i sailed through the snow , my eyes and reflexes working in tandem to avoid tree trunks and bushes .
hunkering down on a fallen tree trunk , i sat quietly and watched my best friend as he partook in an urge that not long ago he had condemned .
it took three days , from dawn until dusk , to finish the body , its bare limbs spanning as far as twenty feet on either side of the trunk .
i rounded the trunk .
six feet , five feet , four feet ... my arm is just about to catapult around to plunge the broken glass deep into his chest , to let him physically feel the level of pain i would have had to face had he been successful in his attack , when two giant trunks sweep in and lift me off the ground , securing my arms tight against me .
for a long time he moved on and on , in the dark , sometimes stumbling , sometimes catching hold of a thick tree trunk to steady himself .
he held to the trunks of two small pines as if they were the bars of a prison , and he looked down into the dark little space in which they played , dancing in their small and ludicrous circle .
he walked towards its venerable trunk , realizing that he was walking away from his wife .
out there in the light of the moon she could see patches of water through the covering of still duckweed , and the knees of the cypress trees , so many dangerous spikes sticking up all around the thick trunks of the old trees .
the headlights of the car bored into the swamp , deep into the endless forest of trunks , thick and thin , and the wild broken palmetto and jagged banana .
holes were warmer obviously than caves , and with the horns of a dead antelope we could dig deep underground homes for ourselves , and roof them over with tree trunks and stones .
carve it in the trunk of the funeral oak .
i was too far from the trunk of the tree to rub my miserable c**k against it , or i would have done this , tormented as i was , for whatever pleasure the friction could give me .
i sat up and rested back against the trunk of the tree .
will took hold of one of the trunks and moved it sideways to create a clear square of space on the floor .
five girls sat beside , and upon the branches of , the oldest apple tree in the orchard , its huge trunk making a fine seat and support ; and whenever the may breeze blew , the pink blossoms tumbled down like snow , coming to rest in their hair and on their skirts .
` ` he walked over to the nearest tree , a tall , pale , birchlike tree trunk , and kicked it , hard .
eventually tristran led the animal over to a beech tree that had been uprooted several years before by a storm , or a high wind , or an irritable giant , and , holding his bag and the star 's crutch , he scrambled up the roots onto the trunk , and from there onto the back of the unicorn .
the ship moored beside a dozen other , similar sky - ships , at the top of a huge tree , large enough to support hundreds of dwellings built into the trunk .
there were steps around the trunk , and tristran and the star descended them slowly .
the wraiths had caught him and tossed his towering frame into an oak so hard the trunk had split from the impact .
determined not to even glance at her until he regained some equilibrium , he sat back against a frost - coated tree trunk .
the vampire stood off to one side in the shade of the forest , casually leaning his shoulder against a tree trunk .
from behind the nearby trunks came urgent whispers and frightened , envious eyes .
will 's eyes flicked among the silent , gray trunks .
barnabas took a breath to say something , pausing when a guy in gray trunks came over .
` ` i called jih , '' jenks said as he landed on the raised trunk , his wings going red in the reflected heat .
` ` i ' ve got one more condition , or this stops right here , '' i said , and trent sighed , his hands on the wheel , staring at the dusty trunk of the car in front of us .
jenks was sitting on the rim of the upraised trunk talking to trent , and upon seeing the man , i stopped , blinking in appreciation .
jenks said , flying since trent had shut the trunk out from under him .
the little girl fussed , clearly wanting to watch the funny man with the nose drooping down to his chin , waving like an elephant 's trunk .
` ` what are you- '' a woman stepped from around the thick trunk , and laila closed her mouth .
still , he wrapped his arms around the tree trunk and , using all of his strength , ripped the roots from the ground .
instead , they continued to suck water through their trunks and spray drops into their mouths .
from behind , a trunk brushed over her arm .
i wrapped my legs around his waist as he backed me up against a thick tree trunk .
and there 's an extended trunk . ''
he swung around back and popped the trunk .
his gaze scanned the trunk .
dallas pocketed two of the syringes , then closed the trunk and peered into the thick trees .
he maneuvered around trees , their trunks and branches blurring into a haze of brown and green .
he did not double over , but he did fling her away from him , her already abused body propelling into a tree trunk and slinking uselessly to the ground .
a horde of demons waited up ahead in trees , behind trunks and atop boulders , laughing gleefully and clearly intending to ambush her .
she jumped to her feet , and backed up to increase the distance between them , but she never gained any ground and finally found herself pressed against a tree trunk .
after an eternity , his back slammed into a tree trunk , and breathing became an impossible dream .
he said , punching a tree trunk in excitement .
from the corner of his eye , he saw reyes dart from behind a tree trunk , sprint forward and climb the wall , tossing a knife along the way .
he relaxed when he saw kane settle against a tree trunk , trying to dig the bullet out of his shoulder .
right now , he was sitting in front of her , only a few inches away , leaning against a tree trunk .
aeron leaned back until his shoulders were resting against a tree trunk .
the tip was now embedded in the tree trunk , vibrating .
as scarlet stomped through the forest , slapping tree trunks along the way , she called gideon every vile name she could think of .
they managed to drag him to a gnarled tree and prop him against the jagged trunk .
the branch shook , but just over their heads , an arrow embedded in the trunk .
he went low , sliding on his knees , running his blade along the trunks of the same vinelike creatures he 'd encountered on the climb down that cliff .
bushes , tree roots and trunks , piles of leaves , a coyote stalking past - only to stop and bare its teeth , as if preparing to attack her .
he darted after her , chasing her around thick trunks and other mutant animals she 'd thought up .
he had dark hair and sun - weathered flesh , wide shoulders and a large chest , and legs as thick as tree trunks .
` ` speaking of weapons ... '' he straightened and walked to the other side of their tree trunk bed , where he lifted two rifles .
solo knew there would be a security box somewhere on the property and searched every inch in a thirty - foot perimeter , until he found it inside the trunk of a tree .
he lifted her to the trunk and forced her legs to spread and cage his hips .
he was roughly thirty yards from the mansion , hidden by a massive trunk .
then , two yards before they reached the road , a group of star 's men stepped from behind the trunks , surrounding them - aiming pyre - guns .
unable to slow his momentum , he smacked into a thick trunk and stumbled backward , into the water .
` ` we 're practically on top of it , '' natalie said , looking back over her shoulder at him as she stepped between two wide tree trunks and through a waist - high layer of thick , leafy ferns .
i see marcus 's face through a divided tree trunk .
i sink into a crouch and crawl toward one of the trees so that the trunk will hide me .
i ca n't help it - i lean forward so that i can see around the trunk of the tree .
i gasp as i fall back , seizing the tree trunk at the last second .
i press my forehead to the nearest tree trunk , though it scrapes my skin , and fight off tears .
he gripped her waist , settling her open thighs around his hips and her ass on the car 's trunk , pressing his rigid cock to her heat with a long groan into her mouth .
grace pulled up to safe haven , and her headlights shone on the trunk of josh 's white lexus sedan .
big wooden palm fronds were painted bright green , and the ' trunk ' of the tree was easily twice as big around as a normal coconut tree .
maggie sprang from the moist grass and scrambled back a few feet against a thick tree trunk .
he sidled up to a tree trunk and flexed his hands .
she ran straight into a tree trunk .
the trunk was only about as thick as a basketball , but it was strong enough to hold him in place .
the trees are top heavy enough to smother most of the evening light , casting their thick trunks into gloom .
he begins to maneuver us backward , pushing forward until we hit the scratchy trunk of a tree .
he moves forward , trying to press up against me , and i instinctively back up until i hit the hard trunk of a tree .
for a moment , the small boy peeked out from behind a large tree trunk and stared back at william with huge brown eyes .
a small group had gathered around the rising fire , sitting on old fallen tree trunks that had been dragged in from the forest bed years before .
we set the cooler beside one of the old oak trunks that lay decaying around the fire .
i imagined him waiting for me at our spot , tucked behind the trunk of the fallen oak at the back of the playground where we 'd always met , although i no longer saw the william i had pictured for the last six years .
he was propped up against the tree trunk , and his legs were stretched out in a v front of him .
the small boy peeked out from behind a large tree trunk and stared back at william with huge brown eyes .
there was no escaping that fear now as i sat down on the ground and leaned against the old tree trunk .
the trunks grew high and the branches sprouted out about halfway up , reaching out to shade the entire yard .
for a moment , the small boy peeked out from behind a large tree trunk and stared back at him with huge brown eyes .
i stood beneath the rotting wood , the small pieces of two - by - four that had been nailed to the trunk still offering their escape .
i drew my knees to my chest and rested my head back against one of the large branches that grew up from where the trunk had segmented into four .
she huffed out a proud breath when she dropped it at the base of the trunk .
dropping his hand , i wedged my boot onto the first rung of wood that had been hammered into the trunk and began pulling myself up to our fort housed in the branches above .
the dol he 'd given lizzie lay beside him on the trunk of my car , and he picked it up and handed it to me .
i lifted my feet a little higher with each step and placed them flat over the creepers , stabilising myself with my hand on the mossy tree trunks .
they 're too high u- '' david grinned , then ran to the base of a tree trunk , took a small leap , wedging his foot against the bark , and plucked a flower from a vine six or seven feet off the ground .
david looked down at his feet as he shuffled up , very human - like , from his lean against the trunk .
the iron bars behind her dissolved into white tree trunks , and the leaves became visible as green star - shaped foliage for the first time .
when i opened them again , fairy lights twinkled from the tall white trunks of leafless trees , and soft music filled my ears as sound suddenly enhanced my world again .
the boy rested his head against the trunk of the tree .
the trunks of the forest trees parted for the dirt path , their wispy leaves closing the canopy in above , allowing passage for enough light to filter kaleidoscope patterns across the ground .
i touched its trunk , feeling him there - feeling jason within its spirit - and let the urge to cry trickle away with each panting breath .
he pointed to a path between two tree trunks that looked like ents with big noses .
i settled myself against the trunk of a tree a few meters away from the fire and watched the knights sit in companionship around the blaze , talking and joking with a kind energy you 'd see on people celebrating .
he ran his hands over his hair , sitting back against the tree trunk , a wide grin lighting up his eyes .
i jumped to my feet and scuffed back , stopping , palms flat over the bark of a tree trunk .
up ahead , a solid figure caught my eye ; i stopped dead , looking through the foggy air , past the straight columns of tree trunks .
darkness fell , descending like a velvet cloak , ingesting the treetops , the branches and , finally , the trunks , until all i could see was my own hands if i held them right up to my nose .
chapter nine i felt around for a tree trunk , pressing my forehead into the dry , scratchy bark when i found it .
i shook my head , dislodging it , and scuffled back on my hands until i felt the trunk of the tree on my spine .
feeling a little silly , i pushed up to stand , holding the trunk of a tree to keep my balance .
i watched , waiting for someone in the faceless crowd to notice i was here , and as the sun came past the trees , sinking down the canopy and out through the trunks , everyone turned their heads , one by one - shock drinking their eyes , moving to their lips in a smile .
he sat back against the tree trunk , shaking his head .
a bright orange orb glowed through the trunks up ahead at a distance , the dawn rising around the forest like a warm greeting .
a child 's face showed around a tree trunk ; her cheeky smile challenging .
` ` auress , '' she said , and my gaze went up the trunk to the tiny child sitting on the longest branch - one leg dangling down , her finger twirling a lock of hair into a curl .
i sat back against the barky trunk .
i stopped on the face of a cliff , my palm against a trunk , folding over to catch my breath .
` ` just do n't do it again , '' he said , then he grabbed the saw and quickly cut three more step segments , kicking the scraps into a pile at the base of the trunk .
i try to clamp myself around the wide trunk and shinny up , using the rough bark as steps , but it does n't work .
` ` look , '' flora hissed , jerking her head at the man who was , for some inexplicable reason , swimming laps after dark in tight - fitting white trunks .
but i stayed put , still peering between the trunks .
staring at the trunks of the trees i prepared to delve between , i took one last glance back at kaspar , frozen , watching me with an expression i had never seen him wear before .
' oh , my f**king- ' the rest of my sentence was drowned out as the engine roared and the car spun out of control around the bend , straight towards the trunk of a gigantic tree .
i was n't expecting it - i grabbed a nearby tree to stop myself tumbling into him and inevitably touching , shrieking as i seized a handful of moss , bark , and thankfully , trunk .
behind , the pale walls of the mansion became less and less visible as trunks encroached and as we gradually descended - the ground sloped slightly - it became difficult to even spot the uppermost spires through the pine trees , which had replaced the fiery foliage .
yet the trees around us were n't that thick , the trunks stripped of all needles until about halfway up , two or three times my height above our heads .
we had come to a halt at a tiny clearing , ringed tightly by trunks .
i dumped the wood beside the fire and dropped beside him , leaning against the trunk of a great tree .
kaspar nodded and rested his head back against the trunk of the tree , looking resigned .
chuckling , i leaned back against the trunk of the tree .
through the window , i could see the maple tree in the garden , the nearest branch just a foot or two from my window - when i was a child , reluctantly returning home from school for the weekend , i would often seek solace in the crux of its branches , where the trunk would divide into four and form a neat little seat , perfect to fold into .
shards of bark floated to the ground like sawdust as its pale skin met with the trunk , drops of blood joining them from a set of fingertips drooping toward the forest floor .
suddenly the car swung left through a gap in the trunks that i would totally have missed if we had n't entered it .
but there was light ahead , and we moved steadily toward it until the trunks fell away to be replaced with a conifer hedge arch , complete with gates thrown wide open .
piled around the bases of trees were trunks , some upturned , tattered , others neatly fitted together and treasured , many chained .
i found that despite being a great deal larger than i had been as a child , i could still nestle myself into the crook of the tree in our front garden , the place i had fled to after my vision for its comfort ... and the point where the trunk split into four limbs to form a seat from which i could not fall , should i collapse again .
i step out and lean against the fat trunk of a eucalyptus and watch as a large framed body collides with hers - wes .
the charred tree trunks of tenebrous thicken as i lead us down a narrow pathway .
its branches extend like knives , the dark trunks press against the purple night like corrugated cutouts .
a narrow seam of moonlight dots a path through the maze of tree trunks .
the trees bend unnaturally , nothing you 'd find in nature with their corrugated leaves , their charred trunks and branches .
it fills itself between the tree trunks and branches , washing out the landscape in an oily haze .
asterion snatches coop by the ankle and swings him like a baseball bat against the fat trunk of a pine .
he pulls me between three trunks with soft , coconut - like husks and holds me .
he pulls me to safety behind the trunk of a pine and then lunges at the monster .
he jumps up and cleans his blade against the soft trunk of a maple with two easy swipes .
i do n't remember the curves and crevices enunciated over his abdomen , the girth of his arms - legs as thick as tree trunks .
i grab a hold of the skinny trunk of a birch to slow down my efforts .
wes helps me to my feet and backs me into the trunk of the tree with an unnatural calm .
the woods across the way beckon me with their slender blue trunks .
i dart past him , but he thrashes me against the trunk of a tree with unreasonable strength .
i hop up high into the branches , securing skyla a spot nestled near the trunk .
` ` i 'll land it in the heart of the trunk , on top of yours , '' i shout over to him .
i pat my head for signs of blood before glancing at the glorified stick neatly planted in the trunk of a pine just shy of where i ' m standing .
dudley knots my shirt up with his fists and jams me into the trunk of a pine so damn hard i swear i ' ve left an impression .
a velum - like fog seeps between the tree trunks , gliding over the forest floor like river snakes .
he shakes me off and treads past the rows of burnt out eucalyptus with their long , lean trunks , looking like a series of badly charred legs .
i come in quietly from the left and linger behind the round trunk of a noble .
the pale skin of a woman glimmers as she ducks behind the fat trunk of a birch .
the post themselves are thick as tree trunks .
behind him , carved lovingly in the trunk of an enormous sugar pine , are the words gage + skyla - the word forever etched just below .
logan yanks a long rope dangling from the anemic trunk .
` ` so i was thinking ... '' gage starts slow as he leans against the trunk of an evergreen .
a heavy swish slices through the narrow space between us and we follow the offense to find a freshly planted arrow in the trunk of a pine .
i pull marshall behind the fat trunk of a sycamore and listen in on their accusatory conversation .
i peer around the trunk to catch a glimpse of tad 's gobsmacked expression .
logan and gage do n't say a word as we back into an overgrown spruce with its trunk flocked in long green whiskers .
i charge over to retrieve it and ellis goes in for the block , wrapping his arms around me stable as tree trunks .
i head to a table with a row of miniature palm trees set upon it with overgrown strawberries speared into their trunks by way of colorful toothpicks .
i pluck three giant strawberries off the miniature tree in front of me and violently jab the toothpicks back into the trunk .
she darts around the trunk of a willow wearing a white , flowing dress .
their dark , corrugated trunks lie camouflaged in tawny and ebony bark , interlocked like the pieces of a puzzle .
he peers out at me from between the trunks of two noble firs as the landscape rumbles .
an explosion rockets through the pile of tree trunks behind us .
her breath curls in vapors around the fat trunk of a spruce .
he speeds us around the building to the dirt lot where the mustang knocked the life out of him and comes just shy of hitting the trunk of an evergreen .
the crimson blotch against the pale tree trunk mocks me with its unblemished stain .
we 're going to lose all state because you 're too damn lazy to lift those tree trunks you call legs . ''
we walk into the woods - weave through ancient hemlocks with trunks so fat you could park a car in them .
i gave you life , '' she cuts a look that could carve a statue out of a tree trunk .
logan slips down beneath the vehicle while gage is struck over and over , pinned up against the trunk of a weathering pine .
* * * i wander outside and find logan leaning against the corrugated trunk of a palm , gazing out into a pale sapphire curtain of fog with a dismal expression .
we stray hand in hand , make our way through a maze of tree trunks until the noise dissipates completely from the ballroom , all that 's left is the sound of our breathing .
a horrific thud erupts in the trunk of the tree just inches above our heads .
i clasp onto the smooth trunk of a birchwood tree and try to control my erratic breathing .
i swat him away and manage to wrangle free a moment , only to have him pin my hands behind my back - my chest pushed hard into the trunk of a serrated pine .
he pulls me into the paper white trunk of a birch tree and steals a quick kiss .
i ball up against the trunk of a tree - afraid to move , watching the violent tantrum unfold before me .
the car comes back and slams logan in the side of the head as he slides beneath the fender , pins gage against the trunk of an evergreen , throws itself in reverse , and does it again and again with unnatural acceleration - demonic speeds .
i adjust myself in the bushes until i ' m leaning against the warped trunk of a centennial evergreen .
i push him against the trunk of a tree and examine him in this blue filtered light .
we walk until we hit the wall of pine trees , and we 're presented with a labyrinth of overgrown trunks .
i wrap myself around him completely with my arms and legs around his person as though he were a tree trunk .
chapter twenty - nine trouble logan and i perch behind the trunk of an evergreen while staring out into the heavy shadow of the surrounding forest .
i close my eyes and bury my head into the trunk of the tree .
i strengthen my death grip on the trunk of the tree .
he feels solid as a tree trunk , immovable .
it could n't be further from the truth - ironic because i ' ve always felt the truth would eventually come out and save the day , but i had no idea that it was capable of ebbing its way down the tree trunk of life slow as frozen tears .
i ' m going to lose it right on his hand before we ever get to the part where he injects his tree trunk into me .
i shout as i traverse a downed birch trunk to get to her , but she does n't flinch .
the tree from the backyard has toppled over , its old , rotten trunk splintered in half .
he points to the trunk of the tree , where there are carvings .
he grips the freshly cut trunk and lifts it , ready to pull it behind him as we make our way back to the truck .
` ` i 'll drive us home , '' i reply and climb out of the car , pull the picnic basket from the trunk and lead her to a tree off the beaten path .
` ` you 're getting brown , '' she observed , looking down at fazire 's nicely tanned , suntan - oil - slicked , very - rounded body exposed by the swimming trunks .
her back was pressed to the trunk of a tree .
he 'd also taken her to a stand of trees by the creek , pulled her off blaise , walked her around then pushed her up against a tree trunk and took his time teaching her about kissing some more .
ryker came in from the right , shoving his big body though the opening , he dropped down between floors , his tree trunk legs took the impact then he was up and he trained his .45 on her .
you broke him , '' she said , her eyes on joe who was grinning down at keira and ignoring dad as he slammed the trunk of the mustang .
and the trees were big and tall with wide trunks that grew so far out they 'd cracked the sidewalks and full branches that , when they had leaves in a month or two , would throw so much shade during the hot , humid summer months , the entire neighborhood would feel like a cool breeze .
i vaguely noticed that his skintight workout shirts only hinted at the exceptional , defined , perfect male beauty of his body as he took off his robe to expose midnight blue trunks with dark gray stripes and waistband .
it was n't lost on me that the air was even more frigid wherever we were now compared to the arctic clime we left ( in other words , it was now f**king cold rather than just freaking cold and suffice it to say i had thought it was f**king cold before but now i knew the true meaning of that ) and i lost my pique when i saw the trunks of the trees , all the way up , were dusted with snow , heavier on one side where the wind drifted it up or lifted it to powder the higher bark .
tyr and the drakkar moved through the thick stand of trees and heavy vapor and saw the light of the adela tree piercing the mist and shafting around the dark trunks of the forest well before they arrived at the clearing that held the wide , tall , sparkling adela with its many narrow branches rising straight from the stump , its bark glittering , its twirly - ended twigs profuse and shooting out to the sides and straight into the air .
not tall , it 's thin , twirly - ended branches rising direct from the earth for the tree had no trunk .
one minute later he was dragged unceremoniously across the stone ground as the other fighter beat his chest , threw out his ripped arms , stamped his tree trunk legs and shouted his triumph .
she clapped her hands again and whirled back to the trunks , dropping to her knees where sheena already was digging through .
diandra cried , still digging through the trunks , sheena at her side holding a sarong up and studying it .
sheena smiled at teetru and they carried on digging through the trunks .
and there were n't as many trunks .
more trunks ( not as many as lahn and i had ) .
i did n't get within three feet of the tree trunk before my h*ps were captured in big hands and i was pulled back .
achilles sat with his back against a tree trunk , one knee up .
said boy refused to budge from where he 'd dashed from them and was holed up in the trunk of a tree .
with a flash of green - white light , the watching figure flew across the clearing and slammed against the trunk of a tree .
* * * * * with a menacing stride , royce walked toward the figure pinned to the trunk of the tree .
i yel ed just as we heard gunshots and a ` ` ping , ping , ping '' as the bul ets hit the trunk of our car .
by the time we got there smithie was perched on a stout limb twelve feet up and the two dogs were at the trunk , snarling and barking so viciously , white slobber was lapping at their doggie lips .
he had broad shoulders and muscular thighs the size of tree trunks .
cornelius commanded , joining dunlan on the trunk and leaning forward .
` ` ghastly creatures , very noisy , forgetful , have long trunks and hairy backs . ''
ash , upon seeing the elephant 's horror at having his trunk stuck , went to pull it out .
i pointed behind me to the little scratch on the trunk that said tex and mo forever .
nadia grabbed at the trunk of the nearest tree , right at the outskirts of the grove , to steady herself .
twinkling lights had been strung from tent to tent , laced around the tree trunks and branches so that they stood out in the darkening twilight .
nadia stood nearby , hiding behind the trunk of one of the trees .
as i lean my head against the trunk , i tell myself i ' m not stopping , not sleeping , only taking a moment to get my strength back .
as i passed the trees - or were they people ? -i felt their faceless , misshapen trunks twist in my direction , following me .
16 before calcutta , india i rested my cheek against the opening of the carriage and peeked out from behind the curtain at the creamy wax blossoms that sprouted from the trees and the thick green growth that clung to their trunks .
their skinny trunks stretched up to the sky and they swarmed with men though they themselves did not move .
an old woman sat propped up against the trunk of a date palm , her wrinkles deep , folding in on themselves .
when we were in the shelter of the trees , he grabbed my waist and pushed me up against one of the fat trunks .
` ` s'not funny , '' i said , laying my head back against the trunk of the palm tree .
the trees in front of him were flattened , the massive trunks still smoking , and the dirt that filled the air settling on top of them .
` ` no , '' santiago agreed , turning the truck onto an even smaller path , downshifting as they were forced to dodge fallen tree trunks and potholes large enough to swallow them whole .
i sit down in the shade of one of the trees , my back against the trunk .
i could only see the dark silhouettes of thick tree trunks .
i did n't know what i said , but something triggered his ire and he began walking forward until he managed to back me up against the trunk of a giant willow tree .
as i hid myself behind a tree trunk from where the opening to the black heights was visible , i could practically feel the pleasure building up inside of me at the mere thought of once again drinking fresh human blood straight from a beating heart , pumping the liquid right to my parched throat .
` ` no ... sofia ... '' she stepped forward and pushed herself against me , making me stumble backwards until my back hit a tree trunk .
the giant leaves had been stripped away from the trees to create an open space , open enough to build wooden constructions around the tree trunks , interconnected by bridges and walkways .
the trunks were now bare from the point we were standing for about three hundred feet upward , where the leaves began again , creating an enclosed area for this wondrous city and forming a ceiling that protected it from the direct heat of the sun .
its floorboards spanned the width of a dozen trunks .
we stopped outside a massive oval construction , a trunk of a tree running right through the middle of it .
i grabbed a branch and ripped it from its trunk , snapping it over my leg in frustration .
he leans back on the tree trunk .
the thermometer hanging on the trunk of a nearby pine tree told her the temperature had dropped ten degrees since morning .
one drop on the back of matthias 's hand , and he cursed at the sting , grinding it off on the dirt- a second shadowy form jumped out from behind a tree , as if its appearance had been spawned by the trunk .
right through the head , and that seemed to be the knockout drop that was required to kill the f**kers : another earsplitting screech and then that shadow was no more , gone in a blink- just as adrian turned back to the demon on the ground , two more came out from the trunk that had birthed the other one , like the conifer was just coughing the f**kers up .
it was a book , an ancient book that was thick as a tree trunk .
a ragged trail had developed between where the tree had been felled and where he 'd done the building , the path gouged by his dragging the massive limbs and trunk over .
adrian was sprawled on the floorboards , back against a trunk , peepers showing so much white , he looked like he had egg slices for eyeballs .
inhaling deep , she held the oxygen in her lungs and balanced against the nearest birch trunk to give her body extra stability .
the great maple was precisely where it had been , its stout main trunk and smaller arterial branches bare of the leaves that had once offered a colorful canopy .
and so far , her palm expeditions around the trunk had yielded a big fat nada .
the flashlight skipped around the landscape as he closed the distance , highlighting trunks and branches , underbrush , the snowed - up ground .
they 'd said i must have passed out , that it was impossible that i had come back to life without medical intervention , and i 'd just imagined floating over my own body , watching them carve me like a tree trunk .
` ` i have a trunk equivalent . ''
for t.j . 's tree trunk . ''
she slid down the trunk to sit on the ground .
hannah 's ski equipment disappeared , and daric moved closer , pinning her between his body and the trunk of a large tree , his eyes never leaving hers .
i stopped by a tree trunk , sweat dripping down my face .
my heart felt empty and i collapsed onto the ground by an old tree trunk .
i jumped , and a half naked young man stepped out from behind a thick trunk .
the impact splintered the trunk and sent it crashing into the forest , but lux pulled himself to his feet , his chest heaving .
he struggled as they coiled around the trunk and his body several times , but they glowed with golden light that not even lux could break .
he squirmed like he was trying to shimmy underneath his bonds , and when they began to saw into the trunk of the tree , my eyes widened .
after half a minute of sawing , however , the ropes were about a quarter of the way through the thick trunk , and at last lux had enough room to slip from his restraints .
she leaned against a tree trunk casually , as if people passed out around her all the time .
she laughed , and as she settled beside the trunk of the golden tree , i picked one of the rubies and sniffed it .
once they were well - concealed by foliage , they shoved him up against the trunk of a tree and raised their guns .
as he walked around the trunk of his rental car , his cell phone buzzed with another text message .
just like the one in the trunk of the cadillac . ''
when she reached the clearing on the other side of a copse of trees about twenty yards from the barn , she set the shovel against the trunk of a weeping willow and pulled on her gloves .
mrs . black set her bags on the trunk of the car and took the one jasmine was holding for her .
a bat leaned against the trunk , next to a ball and glove .
there 's just enough space up against the trunk to sit cross - legged .
she dug her arms between the branches and grabbed the trunk , wrestling it toward herself .
the enormous horton the elephant balloon peeks out from behind a building , a street ahead , and its trunk is holding a bright pink flower .
each tree i passed caused me to panic as i stared at the long trunks .
the tree trunk already felt rough against my skin , and my palms were already aching .
i realized that the photo still clutched in my hand was keeping me from grasping the tree tightly enough and my feet just were n't able to grab on to the tree trunk and stay there .
i sighed and held on to the trunk .
` ` one , two , three , go , '' i whispered to myself , and let go of the tree trunk with my legs .
poking my head around a thick trunk , my mouth drops open .
cried perry from far above me , and he slid down the trunk of the tree and scampered toward me .
mercer 's voice cut through the cold air , and i peered around the massive tree trunk .
they crash into each other with the force of two tree trunks colliding .
i perch on one of the unopened trunks .
i nod , and he slips his great tree trunk of an arm around me , pulls me close , and plants his lips on mine .
even after being locked away for more than a fortnight , he is as thick as a tree trunk .
it is a long stretch to the next branch , which hovers just out of my reach , so i must shimmy up the trunk , most likely ruining ismae 's habit .
i retreat to one of the trees and sit down at the base of its trunk to think , still unable to decide what i should do : stay , or return to rennes and make my way to d'albret .
when my fingers connect with the trunk , i stand up , trying to discern just how many riders there are .
he leans back against the trunk of the tree and folds his arms across his chest .
i hoist myself up onto the branch , swing my legs sideways , then wrap them around the limb and shimmy toward the trunk .
slowly , i lower myself so that i am sitting on the base of the branch with my back to the tree 's wide trunk .
some trees are wrapped in white lights and some even have spotlights placed around the trunks giving the tree a glowing look .
i watched it creep up the tree trunks and sag their branches .
i saw skeletons with reaching arms and flashes of scowling faces in their marred gray trunks .
at the bottom of the old , grooved trunk lay a small pistol .
ones with trunks and tentacles ; others that looked like walking amphibians .
on the trunk , it read , fucking prick .
it was like jamming my boot into a tree trunk .
he places the can back on the trunk then rests his arms on his knees .
i set the plate of cookies on the trunk of the car , ready to bail .
he 's leaning against the trunk of a car with his arms crossed , his gaze drinking me in like an alcoholic does with a bottle .
the elaborate tree trunk sketches the length of her spine , dark ink embedded into her skin and surrounded by tons of pale , jagged scars .
spent , i collapsed on the ground , my back against the trunk of an old tree , my lungs and legs and common sense rebelling against the ordeal i 'd just put myself through : the physical pain , the strain on my endurance , the panic i 'd worked myself into on purpose .
lake slammed her elbow back into a tree trunk , hard enough to break her skin .
i flew backward and hit a tree trunk .
it did n't help that bella had picked a tree that had a super thick trunk .
i plopped down on my ass in front of the thickest , strongest tree i saw , ripped off my silver ski jacket , wrapped it around my waist , and used the sleeves to tie myself to the trunk .
then i curled my arms and legs around the sturdy trunk , ignoring the sharp , sticky needles that scratched my face and the pinecones that snagged in my hair .
roars and crashes and forces pul ing me every which way , threatening to rip my arms and legs from around the tree trunk , threatening to sweep me away and bury me deep , deep down in the snow where no one would ever , ever find me .
i do n't know how long i huddled there , my face mashed against the rough bark , my whole body pressed against the trunk , my arms aching from the effort of hanging onto the pine tree .
my brain just did not want to work , and it took me a second to realize i was buried up to my neck in the snow , my face stil digging into the trunk of the tree i 'd tied myself to .
i do n't know how i 'd held on to the trunk for as long as i had .
i stared at the left page and the picture of the small green plant , which resembled a miniature pine tree with both leaves and needles sprouting from its thin brown trunk .
everything seemed rough and raw , as if the buildings themselves were hollow rocks and tree trunks that had broken off the jagged mountain peak above and had finally tumbled to a stop here .
he moved closer to me until both our bodies were hidden behind the tree trunk .
i looked over at callum to see the twitching gone , his fingers wrapped around the trunk of the tree as his eyes scanned the area .
his legs , thick like tree trunks , are braced apart , long , muscular , and just dusted with hair .
he braced himself against the trunk of the tree , legs slightly spread , and propped the cane nearby .
and then she was kissing him back , leaning into him , pressing him against the trunk of the tree .
it ' ll get all over the trunk of the cadillac when you shove me inside . ''
he ended up using the rope in the trunk of the cadillac that harry had undoubtedly intended to use on him .
some myths say that there are iron chains wrapped around the tree 's trunk .
a huge metal chain bound the enormous trunk , its links so thick , i could ' ve laid down on it .
ancient spruces spread broad branches from massive buttressed trunks , their limbs dripping with long emerald - green beards of tangled moss .
blue haze clung to narrow spaces between the trunks , hiding otherworldly things with glowing eyes who prowled in search of prey .
winston flitted briskly from one tree trunk to another , pausing to sniff intently in several places .
he whacked his cane absently against the trunk of a tree and eyed her with growing suspicion .
he was waiting where i told him to be , behind the tree , shielded from the house by the massive trunk .
bayous had their own primeval beauty , a kind of grim , timeless elegance , with dark , calm water and enormous cypresses , buttressing the shore with their bloated trunks .
the cloud shadows had nearly blocked out the sunlight entirely when severance detoured around a broad - leafed tree that was as thick in the trunk as a small building .
severance slipped away from the shelter of the tree trunk , paused to let a small creature with oversize antenna scurry out of the way , and then padded quietly to a different position .
the man is the trunk of a family , but the woman is its root .
marie lowered herself upon the trunk while placing a supporting hand on her stomach .
the tree shook under the force of the blow , but she whirled around the trunk and climbed the tree .
tree trunks flashed by him , the huge adrianglian pines straight like masts .
dizziness seized him , tossing him against a tree trunk .
he pushed from the trunk and kept moving .
the forest crowded them in , the massive tree trunks , fed by magic and nourished by rich adrianglian soil , rose to improbable heights .
darkness hid between the tree trunks .
she just sat on the trunk .
he was almost there ; and then she fell off the trunk and died .
sean ran and leapt , landing on the car 's trunk , and dylan planted himself in front of it , his lion 's roar breaking the air .
ancient spruces spread broad branches from massive buttressed trunks , their limbs dripping with long emerald green beards of tangled moss .
helena peeled from the cypress trunk and stepped out into the road .
jasmine stepped from behind the trunk , her bow aimed at the bundle .
the boy moved through the woods like a fish through water , climbing over boulders and fallen tree trunks with unnatural ease .
the man looked at a cedar trunk and scrambled up the bark like he had suckers on his hands .
tree trunks flashed by .
gnome 's head rolled and came to rest against a trunk .
jack bared his teeth at her from his perch on top of a trunk .
the tree trunks and branches blurred .
gaston picked it up , extracted a narrow sliver of crystal , and pulled a gadget from one of the trunks .
cotier scuttled down the pine trunk , descending from the branches like a lizard , with his head down .
muscular , quick , the scout was an odd creature even by the hand 's standards : brown and green pigments swirled within his skin , and as he paused on the trunk , his face mimicked its colors and rough brown pattern .
mura stepped out from behind a tree trunk , her orange skin bright against the greenery despite camouflage paint .
again one hit a lever , and out of this box popped a clockwork elephant that lifted its trunk and trumpeted before it sank back into the box .
in a breath he pinned the intruder to the trunk of the nearest tree and snarled , his teeth clicking a hair from the man 's carotid .
in the distance , cypresses rose , their bloated trunks grotesquely fat , like old men with beer guts squatting in the mud .
behind her a bat crawled down the trunk of a cypress .
something whistled past him , smashing into the pine trunk with a loud thump .
above it , a circular black mark , the kind a flare arrow made , glared at him from the pine 's trunk .
his gaze snagged on a bolt protruding from a cypress trunk .
william took a couple of steps back and launched himself up the trunk , scrambling up like a lizard .
your fish over there is hanging too close to the trunk and there are spots on it - that 's because the ants from that hill over there have been going up the tree and eating your kill . ''
the beast clutched at the trunk of the oak like a lizard and climbed up to the crown , dragging him with it .
above him , the beast descended the tree , moving down the trunk upside down , headfirst .
william leaped over them , bouncing off the nearest trunk deep into the woods , over the fallen tree , past the bushes to the stand of cypresses , half - sunken in the water .
she pulled back , settling on the branch , her legs hugging the trunk , and rested her head against the bark .
she twisted , disengaging from the trunk , and slithered down , speeding along the forest floor .
she drove this way every day to her job in the broken , but today the shadows between the gnarled trunks filled her with anxiety .
around her the wood crowded the dirt path : huge trees braided their dark twisted limbs , the ground between their trunks soft with centuries of autumn .
the blanket of kudzu that swallowed trees whole in the broken stopped at the boundary , and here the edge moss had taken over , hugging the tree trunks like a velvet sleeve and sending forth tiny flowers on thin stalks that looked like overturned lady shoes : bright purple , mint green , lavender , pink .
about nine feet off the ground , just before the tree trunk forked in two , a skinny shape hugged the bark .
for a moment she thought she 'd have to go get his mother , but suddenly he let go and slid down the trunk , scraping himself against bark and all but falling into her arms .
he kept going , faster and faster , leaping from one moss - covered trunk to the next .
he dashed to and fro , confusing his scent trail just in case , leaped and ran deeper and deeper into the wood , until finally he grew tired and scrambled up the trunk of a huge pine into the dense blanket of needles and lay on a branch , panting .
the wolf dashed to the left , bounded off the oak trunk , and sprinted away , into the wood .
in the shadows , granny rose lichens bloomed on trunks and boulders like vivid scarlet peonies , and in the deeper gloom between the twisted , massive roots , delicate lady 's slipper flowers stretched on thin stalks , and yellow- , brown- , and red - capped mushrooms the size of footstools squatted in clumps and rings .
it would take several people with their arms outstretched to enclose one of the trunks .
tall grayish cypresses flanked it like guards , their bloated trunks blocking the shore completely except for the far west end .
the trees grew taller and thicker , their trunks rising high above like colossal textured columns .
edger moss sheathed the trunks , its lady's - slipper - shaped flowers all but glowing with pastel reds , yellows , lavender , and purple .
the trunks stood bare and grim , and the underbrush had shriveled to a limp tangle of wilted leaves .
a taint of foul magic , alien and sharp , stained the dead trunks and withered grass .
the tree trunks flew by .
diego could see nothing in his headlights but the bank of a hill and the trunks of aspens , leading off into darkness .
the trees had just started to leaf out , a brush of misty green contrasting their dark trunks .
she had done this thousands of times over the years and she knew what awaited her on the other end - sometimes it was a bleak cliff or severe steppe , but in the past two years it had been the dark forest , uniform tree trunks and pale green leaves .
he easily tore off many of the thinner pieces of the brush , but the trunks of two bushes had spread themselves across the hole .
a behemoth spilled out , huge , grotesquely muscled , its forelimbs like tree trunks .
as we drove up , a dense wall of green greeted us , the tree trunks bound together with thorny vines , as if a three - hundred - year - old forest had somehow sprouted in the middle of the city .
a pair of massive ash trees hugged it on both sides , their branches and roots braiding together , sliding over the walls and sometimes through them , as if the library itself was some odd mushroom growing from their twin trunks .
to my right , one of the uldra crawled up on the end of the fallen tree trunk , just feet away .
i hit a tree trunk with my hip .
strange trees bordered it , couched in the brush and reeds , tall , their trunks bare and bloated at the root where they thrust from the water , then narrowing as they rose to spread in a canopy of fresh bright green .
mist swirled between the trunks , first an ethereal haze shimmering along the ground , then a thicker blue fog that hugged the road , lying in wait .
tall pines framed it , the enormous dark trunks scratching at the sky .
all around us the eyes fluoresced , clustered around tree trunks , staring from the underbrush , peering from behind rocks .
mist swirled between the trunks , first an ethereal haze shimmering along the ground , then a thicker blue fog that hugged the road , laying in wait .
emma hoisted herself up onto the trunk with an expectant look in his direction , but peter had noticed a phone booth just outside the diner and was already walking back over .
she asked , sliding down off the trunk .
emma straightened and grabbed her backpack from the trunk .
there was a thin haze that hung just above the ground , hugging the trunks of the trees and causing the dog to reappear every so often like an unbalanced ghost .
he put his glasses back on and kicked at the trunk of a pine tree , then said , ` ` let 's go , '' in his best no - nonsense voice .
` ` i get that a lot , '' graham said , walking over to lean against the trunk .
he stopped , used the wide trunk and low branches of a pine at the clearing 's edge for cover .
through the tiny slits that remained of my vision , i saw i was now behind some trees , their trunks taking the brunt of the exploding debris .
after several minutes , i caught a scene that seemed promising : cordon and the silver - haired vampire , their expressions serious as a distinguished - looking man in his forties with a frame like a tree trunk barked at them in a very odd - sounding language .
i could n't see it from the thick bushes and felled tree trunk , but that was the point .
she 'd abandoned her perch in the tree to slide down the trunk to the ground .
i mimicked him , leaning on the trunk and crossing my arms for protection against what i was about to say , and how i was going to expose myself .
we leaned against the trunk , with his casted arm sandwiched awkwardly between us .
i stopped sideways at the edge of the stand of trees and sent a wave of snow arcing into the dark trunks .
we walked toward the lights slanting through the shadows of pine trunks .
out in the parking lot , will stood in front of the open trunk of his car , talking to angelica .
) , where i blew a kiss to will , who was standing behind the trunk of his car .
a couple of boys sitting on the trunks of cars whistled to me as i passed .
he turned to gaze at the tree line , a few trunks showing bright scars where the crash had stripped them of bark .
it 's not like we 're doing pr out of the trunks of our cars .
she dashed the last twenty yards across the asphalt and knocked on the trunk to keep him from backing over her .
she 'd already hit the trunk of shane 's car , unable to stop her momentum in her showgirl shoes , when she realized elijah had the keys .
she wailed , slapping the trunk .
he patted the trunk of the caddy .
but brandon had already stopped scrubbing and turned his muscled trunk toward us , wondering who might emerge from the somewhat crusty datsun 280z .
when desmarais hurled sam into a tree , gasped when her brother slammed into the trunk then sprawled facedown on the ground and lay still .
taking shelter under a tree , he braced one shoulder against the trunk and closed his eyes .
he wore nothing but a pair of black trunks , and i could n't stop looking at him , could n't stop admiring his well - muscled physique .
with a hiss of triumph , his own hands locked around the other vampire 's neck and he drove him backward , slamming him against the trunk of a tree , his fingers digging deep into the vampire 's throat .
rounding the crest of the hill , i was shocked by the hulking trunk that stood in front of me .
the tree trunk was not only massive , but so tall i had to crane my neck to see even the lowest branches .
i tentatively reached out and placed my hand on the trunk .
we were in an area that had once been dense forest , but had been cleared , leaving only a scattering of tree trunks .
i leaned back against the trunk of the least crazy looking of the cars .
in one swift motion , he 'd dropped the top strings and seated me on the trunk of a car .
he 's as smart as a tree trunk , so to make a living he does odd jobs for the rest of us .
but all the trunks close enough for me to reach in time were bare of branches ; they were the loblolly pines grown by the millions in our neck of the woods , for their lumber .
he was looking down into the trunk of mike spencer 's lincoln .
i was relieved this was the biggest trunk i 'd ever seen , because that made such a maneuver possible .
` ` a lincoln with a big hole in the trunk does stand out , '' the boy called after us .
my headlights flashed past the close - packed trunks of the pines that formed the backbone of the lumber industry hereabouts .
eric loosened my hands so i 'd slide down his back , and then he put me between him and the tree trunk .
i must have made some sudden move , because eric 's body flattened mine against the trunk of the tree .
i underlined this by squeezing eric 's arm , which was like gripping a small tree trunk .
he ran his hand lovingly along the line of the trunk , stepping closer and closer to the area outside the gate , and suddenly a hand reached out and grabbed him .
with their stunted trunks and twisted branches .
` ` anyone else about to jizz in their swim trunks ?
putting both hands on the trunk , she pushed a little , and they both watched the tree wobble .
taking a deep breath - and coughing from the dusty air - cassidy crouched in front of the trunk and warily held out a hand .
lia leaned over , brushing her fingers over the leaves and thin trunks while she crooned to the little trees .
spinning out an anchor thread between the tree trunk and a sturdy branch , the arachnian queen began to weave her own tangled web .
pushing the top of the sleeping bag against the tree trunk , he sat down with a groan he did n't try to stifle .
daemon leaned against the tree , eyes closed , forehead pressed to the trunk .
daemon walked over to the tree and pressed his palm against the trunk .
` ` totally , '' i muttered , kicking my leg back and giving it a good stretch , leaning against a tree trunk for balance .
that 's a speaker , vivian , '' he said , lifting it carefully from the trunk .
at the edge of the clearing , i stop in front of a large tree trunk .
taking a step forward , i push her slightly backwards until her back is against the tree trunk .
we 'd reached my orange car , and he popped a fist gently on the trunk .
the clearing was at least the size of a football field , and in the middle stood a twenty - foot - tall totem , animals carved in a trunk at least four feet thick .
footholds had been cut into the tree trunks , and smaller structures hung from the trees .
i took that as a mild rebuke and put my phone away again , then propped the picture on the trunk again .
jacobs had spread maps on the trunk of his cruiser , and everyone was gathered around .
nathan slid down the trunk of the tree until his butt hit the pile of fall - colored leaves .
he moved swiftly , placing me between the trunk of the tree and his body as he scanned the area around us .
then he shimmied up the trunk of the palm tree .
we sat down below it , leaning up against the trunk .
the rope he used to tie it to the trees made a groaning sound as it rubbed against the trunk .
gemma nodded and backed up to a tree and slid down until she was sitting , half - leaning against the trunk .
the sky was dark , a beautiful night sky , and the forest surrounded her , a forest of incredibly tall trees with straight trunks , close together .
fiona sat on the huge branch that bent sideways from the main trunk , swinging her legs and smiling up at her warrior from time to time .
his vampire vision shifted subtly as it moved through the dark of night , through the trees , the black shadows of trunks and branches , but he saw nothing .
hell , rory could eat whatever she wanted , too , and she never grew tree trunks masquerading as thighs .
he was aware of every inch of his body as a heavy , crushing burden , simply struggling to hold himself upright as weighty as balancing a tree trunk on his shoulders for months on end .
i lean against the thick trunk of the tree and rest my head back against it , shutting my eyes to hold back the tears .
the rich sound wraps around me , and i relax , leaning my head back on the trunk behind me .
he settled himself back against the tree trunk that the house was built around , and fixed his eyes on me .
the tree trunks set the tone , the brown hues dark and rough against the perfectly white canvas .
leila winces and pops the trunk of my car .
her arms are folded over a heaving chest , and she leans against a tree trunk , resting her head back against the rough bark of the trunk .
her arms are folded over a heaving chest , and she leans against a tree trunk , resting her head back against the rough bark of the trunk .
i put a hand against the trunk , standing in front of her .
~ megan is sitting with her back against a tree trunk , her hair swept to one side and showing the smooth , tanned skin on one side of her neck .
she presses her hands against the trunk , tilting her head down and to the side .
the front of the car crushed against the broad , sturdy trunk , and steam billowed out from under the hood on impact .
the orangey light from the almost - set sun creeps through the trunks of the trees on the other side , and dusk hangs over us .
i run my hand down the trunk of the tree next to me , feeling the rough bark against my fingers .
my hand grazes over the tree trunks while i walk around aimlessly .
his teammate assumed the burden without hesitation and settled the dude against the tree trunk .
his back against the trunk , sutton harper half grinned , despite his injuries .
guilt scuttled around inside her again , like the lizard scrabbling up a tree trunk , but she knew she would do the same again .
they were standing in a small clump of acacia trees with twisted trunks .
bubbles slid his burden to the ground , then sagged back against a gnarled trunk , gasping for a second before he dropped to his knees beside sutton .
sutton snapped his fingers , leaning back against a fat tree trunk .
* * * back pressed to the tree trunk , jose sat watch while the others slept .
sutton leaned back against the tree trunk .
she 'd seen that this was a working farm - jocelyn stepping outside to give fertilizing instructions to a worker on a tractor , staking the trunk of a fledgling tamarind tree in a pot off the back step , tending a spice garden on the kitchen sill .
bullets zinged off the trunk , two in a row , pop , pop .
david 's hand pressed to the tree trunk brushed mere inches beside her cheek .
as he ducked under branches and wove around gnarled old trunks , his feet smashed unripened fruit that had fallen prematurely to the ground .
chuck sagged back against the trunk .
shay swatted away a mosquito as she leaned into the trunk of her car to heft out another crate of soda bottles .
the registration book for the teen mixer event lay open on the trunk of officer jaworski 's car .
she shoved to her feet , walking absently toward the trunk of the maple tree before glancing back over her shoulder .
she sagged against the trunk .
she ducked behind a towering trunk and listened .
tears froze on her cheeks as she sprinted from behind the tree trunk 's protective cover .
the mini - jungle landscaping in the middle of the city offered plenty of vine - covered trunks to duck behind - for him and the enemy .
he stomped spiky fronds , leaped over a downed tree trunk rotting in the undergrowth .
she slowed to a stop , slumping against a trunk as big around as the pillars she 'd once lured lucas behind to steal a kiss .
spiders fanned free , some crawling up the trunk , others curling into a pellet and dropping to the ground in their instinctive hiding mechanism .
he studied the creatures scampering up the trunk .
the kid certainly acted happy enough chasing honey around the fat tree trunk .
wrist - size tree trunks snapped easily when frozen .
somehow his feet found purchase along the icy trunk .
chest pumping quick bursts of vapor , josh inched closer to the trunk .
the howling dogs continued to snarl and jump at the trunk , but their growls did n't sound so loud to her ears now that josh was safe .
she sagged back against the sturdy trunk that still swayed under the force of the stormy winds .
he and alicia sat with backs against the trunk , legs stretched out on the limb to evenly distribute weight .
his head thunked back against the trunk .
he reached around the tree trunk to rest a hand on her arm .
she slumped back against the tree trunk , arms folded defensively over her chest .
braced a hand against the oak - tree trunk , forced his breaths to stay even .
a lone street lamp backlit a person sitting on the trunk of his mother 's car .
foot on the bumper , he propelled himself up to sit on the trunk beside her .
she sagged back against a palm tree trunk .
adding that impish little kid into the mess left him wanting to ram his fist into the tree trunk , a dangerous thought for a man who made his living with his hands .
marc leaned against the trunk of his car for support .
or , hell , the trunk of his car .
wearing nothing but swimming trunks .
she gulped and peeked around a burned trunk .
the two streams of urine hit the knot and steamed impressively against the morning cold of the tree trunk , apollo 's lasting a bit longer than the boy 's .
the bed narrowed into a long tongue that held the tree 's trunk and was supported by a smaller single wheel .
the root ball now lay over the hole with the tree trunk extending to one side , parallel to the ground .
he winced as one of the irish brothers drew a rope over - tight about the oak 's trunk and hoped the man had n't damaged the bark .
a squirrel ran up the trunk of a tree and then paused to scold her as she glided past .
artemis stilled , flattening herself to a broad trunk .
megs fingered a brown , twisting vine wrapped around the tree 's trunk .
nell lifted one end of the trunk even as she moaned .
silence stumbled , nearly dropping her end of the trunk .
he grasped one of the trunk 's handles and easily swung it to his broad back .
gaho 's husband showed me how to look for the claw marks on tree trunks that meant a bear lay above .
she easily scaled the thick trunk , digging her boots into various footholds and grabbing on to branches to propel herself upward .
and d was sitting on the cold ground with his back against a tree trunk , his left arm draped across his broad chest .
i jumped and darted around the obstacles in my way as the woods raced by in a blur of tree trunks and branches .
my jaw dropped , my hand clenched on the trunk of the tree .
my back pressed against the trunk , my arms wrapped around it .
pressing my forehead against the rough bark of the trunk , i clung to it for a long moment as i inhaled deeply and repeatedly .
sliding down the bark of the trunk , i stared at him in stunned silence , unable to fully process all that he was saying .
i wrapped my arm around her as i settled against the trunk of a large maple .
a metal ladder stretched from the ground up to a hole against the trunk of the tree .
then he was next to me , pressing me against the trunk of the tree .
cade pressed me back when i tried to move away from the trunk of the tree .
the three of them flattened against the trunk of the tree as the small ship that had somehow caught cade 's attention , moved across the sky over a hundred yards away .
he zigzagged through the trees , missing wide trunks by inches , knowing the helicopter coming after them would have a much more difficult time in the heavier canopy .
something hit a tree trunk with a resounding crash .
racing up the trunk of a tree , slingshotting off , somersaulting in the air , he landed behind the third soldier , cutting his throat as his feet touched ground .
the trunk of the tree shuddered as one booted foot stepped atop it .
the soldier stepped with both boots onto the tree trunk , rocking it .
the soldier stepped down onto the ground a scant inch from where sam 's arm rested against the trunk of the fallen tree .
he had virtually covered her body with his , tucking beneath the added safety of the tree trunk .
the moment he let her go , she crawled behind the thickest trunk she could find , making herself small .
he went down , a giant oak tree chopped off at the trunk , his legs completely giving out and he was on the ground , staring up through the heavy canopy at the clear blue sky , eyes wide - open .
she got as far as the trees on shaking legs and stopped , leaning against a solid trunk and drawing in breath .
she was conscious of kane holding her close to him , his body like the trunk of an oak , hard and solid , an anchor in every storm .
trees were thicker now and much larger than the saplings and thin round trunks they 'd encountered , presenting an additional problem .
just as he began to move , he caught a glimpse of something sticking out from behind a fairly large tree trunk .
he could have used his field glasses , because he suspected that strange shape was something commonly known as ` ` tree cancer , '' a body part protruding from behind the trunk that indicated that a sniper had set up shop there and was waiting for his spotter to mark a distance .
blood splattered across the trunk and over the rifle .
she caught the trunk of a sapling and held on to keep from hurrying back to comfort him .
he went up the slope , leaping over downed , rotting tree trunks and a few brambles to land back on a narrow trail .
after spreading the ground sheet out at the bottom of a thick tree trunk , jess slid from his chair and sat with his back propped against the tree , blankets - and gun - within easy reach .
saber pushed at the wall of his chest with her small hands , her strength easily overcome , but he obediently straightened , leaning back against the solid tree trunk .
the shooter had anticipated him leaping over a fallen trunk and onto another one to gain the far hill .
there was no telltale tree cancer where a part of jack 's weapon might be showing along the side of the tree trunk .
mosses , lichen , and orchids covered the trunks and branches .
jack was already back in his tree , leaning his weary body against the thick trunk .
with her extraordinary night vision , she was able to see some twenty - five feet up and over two trees , to a particularly large tree trunk with an umbrella of branches spreading in every direction , perfect for her needs .
it was easy to use the vines to pull herself through the trees until she reached the tree beside the one with the larger , thicker trunk .
briony leapt to the next tree , sheltering behind the wide trunk , just as the bullet sent splinters of bark showering over her .
she sagged against the trunk and waited for her body to stop shaking .
they made it back to the stream , and briony stopped him , sitting him on a fallen tree trunk .
he stared into the woods , at the trees with their dark trunks and dazzling leaves , one hand sliding down to cover her rounded tummy .
along the ground the smoke rolled in strange shapes , so that the trunks of the trees seemed to emerge out of dark , turbulent clouds .
out of the gray swirling vapor a huge downed tree trunk loomed up , nearly hitting her in the stomach .
it looks like a growth on the trunk , so we refer to it as cancer . ''
a blast sounded closer , and this time the crown of a tree exploded in the distance , shattering the night , the trunk cracking with loud groans before splitting with a grinding sound and falling to the ground .
flame gritted her teeth and forced herself into a standing position , holding on to a tree trunk to steady herself .
it was like trying to move a large tree trunk .
before she could answer , he clapped his hand over her mouth , pressing her body into the trunk of a tree and crouching lower to stay in the shadow of the trunk .
before she could answer , he clapped his hand over her mouth , pressing her body into the trunk of a tree and crouching lower to stay in the shadow of the trunk .
tree trunks rose out of the water , silent sentinels everywhere , guarding narrow strips of land .
nicolas wrapped his arm around her waist and lifted her over a rotted tree trunk , setting her smoothly down without missing a stride .
she sat in silence for few minutes before scooting back toward the broad trunk of the nearest tree , giving him plenty of room to lie down .
she leaned back against the tree trunk .
imparting secrets and conspiring to help , the tree spread its roots to allow traian into the intricate system protecting and nourishing the wide trunk .
and the bugs always returned to swarm around the same rotted trunk of a fallen tree .
the sphere slammed into the center of the rotten trunk , carving a blackened hole as it went all the way through to hit the ground , forming a deep crater .
black vapor rose from the trunk of the tree to mix with the dark , spinning clouds .
two were already starting up the tree trunk .
that knot in her stomach eased a little as she inspected the tree trunk and the branches above her mother .
the way the moss and fern grew and the flowers wound their way up trunks to the skies .
the colors in the rain forest seemed far more vivid , even as night began to fall , flowers creeping up trunks and bursting across the ground .
as she kicked away an aggressive monkey , a crimson arch sprayed into the air , splashing across the leaves of nearby brush , across tree trunks and the monkeys .
still perched high in the branches overhead , jubal was tying himself to the trunk of his tree .
tree trunks covered in black spikes seemed to leap out of the shadows at them .
bright green moss covered everything near them , the rocks , the fallen tree trunks , even the trees standing .
the wind rushed through the trees , kicking up leaves and swirling mist around tree trunks .
the trees rose eerily above the worst of it , still obscured and slightly misshapen , the tops looking as if they floated without trunks above them .
` ` following the trunk of the great tree , we fall into the netherworld . ''
fen leaned his head back against the tree trunk and closed his eyes as tatijana knelt beside him .
he attempted to rise , holding on to the tree trunk for support .
moss grew in chartreuse and lime curls up the tree trunks and over stones .
tatijana asked as he lifted her over a fallen tree trunk covered in moss .
they were hidden from view by a grove of old - growth trees whose trunks were as wide and thick as a small car .
near the island , over by where the reeds were the thickest , was a strange underwater lodge built of tree branches and downed tree trunks - a beaver lodge - yet he doubted there were beavers in the lake .
in his weakened state , he thought the tremendous gifts of a mixed blood - the lycan 's dreaded sange rau - would lessen , not strengthen , but his every sense stretched and grew until he was aware even of the insects crawling on the ground and up the tree trunks .
branches and trunks plunged through the thin roof and landed in the small confines , one of the branches landing directly in the fireplace .
flames shot up the branch , and reached the trunk just as another burst of wind fanned the blaze .
his spirit moved downward along the trunk of the tree of life , passed the upper branches .
he stabbed the knife through the center of the heart to nail it to the trunk and glided back to allow dimitri 's sword to send the head tumbling to the ground beside the other two .
a succession of bullets followed him , one smacking into the tree trunk on the other side of the meeting hall , head level .
22 mist rolled in , long white fingers stretching through the forest and curling around thick tree trunks .
she continued forward a few more feet and then whipped around , her fingers already pulling the arrowheads free and snapping them with tremendous strength as she ran toward the grotesque vampire emerging from the trunk of a twisted dead fir tree .
the surrounding forest was lush and green , the trees tall , trunks wide .
he heard the sap running deep in the trunks and branches .
the wind was above them in the canopy , not moving through the forest around the large trunks .
downed tree trunks , rotted and hollow were scattered around as if flung by a capricious hand .
bark splintered as the bullets tore into the tree trunk behind his head .
smelling blood , he was n't at all surprised to find the first body lying at the base of a wide tree trunk .
swearing savagely under his breath , zev began to make his way up the tree trunk .
a large tree had fallen , the trunk lying across their path .
after a few minutes of dancing with corrine , dayan sank down onto the large tree trunk and drew his guitar to him .
the claws dug into branislava and the demon fought with her , attempting to drag her down the tree trunk to the icy cold below .
below , he heard an ominous rustle as something began to drag itself up the tree trunk out of the icy dark .
zev redirected the lightning down the trunk of the tree in the hopes of destroying xavier once and for all .
zev drew branislava up the tree to the thicker branches closer to the top , moving fast , whipping around to the other side of the trunk .
he 'd been the one to zap its trunk with lightning and he could n't blame it for being angry .
tendrils rose from the foot - high bank of fog , long tentacles inching through brush and leaves to wind like snakes and climb higher into the tree trunks .
look how it wraps around the trunk and goes up .
when it was halfway up the trunk , it reared back and struck the tree , sinking its teeth deep .
the sickening grayish white of the trunk and branches dulled .
the trunk lizzy spoke of housed the sixth stone .
fin perched beside a trunk and laid his sword across his lap .
the massive trunks of the trees were cloaked in green velvet moss which also grew across the worn paths beneath our feet .
in response , branwyn flew into the trunk of a nearby weeping willow tree , crashing hard .
when the dust settled , it looked like lightning had struck the tree trunk .
one of the green spikes from the lemon tree had caught in her hair , and she pushed it away as she offered a coin to angelica , gloved hand meeting gloved hand behind the sturdy tree trunk .
the leaves had long since vanished from those trees , and the gray tree trunks and limbs were frozen in the winter silence .
a towering , bald man with tree trunk arms appeared in her path .
reese slammed the trunk .
she leaves the cooler on the edge of the trunk and faces him .
it starts to fall when it 's only one inch over the edge of the trunk .
she lands on the ground , her head hitting the trunk of a nearby tree .
those are branches and a tree trunk .
the whole trunk was as big around as a car , but the roots spread out even farther than that .
` ` it 's a giant tree that has a trunk about the size of a car , grayish and kinda wrinkly and thick ... like an elephant leg or a group of 'em all stuck together . ''
they used the widest ones to create support poles and joists for the floor of the treehouse which they wedged against various parts of the tree trunk and its root system .
the guys were each sitting on tree trunks they had dragged to the edge of a big bonfire , playing musical instruments they had made .
i smiled , barely containing my excitement as i spread my legs and leaned over , grabbing the trunk of the tree .
but the concussion he 'd received when his head slammed into the trunk had him dazed .
he shoved her into the trunk of a black car .
susan shoved and kicked at the trunk .
his legs were as large as tree trunks .
like a trunk .
cadence did n't move from the trunk .
cadence climbed from the trunk , trying to move as carefully as she could .
kyle shined his flashlight on the trunk , then he searched the ground .
walker must have seen the trunk fly up , or maybe he 'd seen her swan dive .
caged her between him and the heavy trunk of a tree .
the sedan was abandoned , its trunk up , not ten feet away .
the swamp was full of bald cypress trees , with thick trunks and knotted knees growing in the muddy water .
just a few miles down the road , she could see the trunk of max 's car in front of her .
her eyes trekked from the base , up the thick trunk - had to be at least thirty inches in diameter - and on up to the top branches that seemed to touch the perfect blue sky .
a sharp pop blasted through the air and the trunk of one of the trees lining the street splintered .
quick as anything chico appeared from behind a protruding tree trunk and shot the ten with thorns , and because reuben had amplified chico 's gift the thorns had placed the vamps into a long but temporary coma .
i placed my hand on the tiny , delicate trunk of the baby tree , instantly feeling the green join me at the point of contact .
i quickly stood while keeping my hand on its trunk .
i took two and then three and four steps back as the tree continued to grow , stretching to the sky , its trunk growing in circumference while the bark went from the smooth surface of a new tree to the harsher , rougher , brown bark of a mature one .
` ` normally , when we stand at this distance , we can hit the targets in the second row of tree trunks with great accuracy . ''
the base of the trunk was as big around as a giant truck , or even a house .
i asked , laying my cheek against the trunk .
i touched the trunk of the ancient and asked it to go find me a green elf , explaining it was urgent .
in the center were a few tables made of huge slabs of sliced tree trunk propped up by thick stumps .
the tree began groaning again , twisting its trunk .
without answering , i went up to the tree and stood at the base of its trunk .
i put my arms around the trunk and squeezed , turning myself into the type of person i had mocked many times in the past - the proverbial tree hugger .
she went to the other side of the tree , wrapped her arms around its wide trunk and started squeezing .
i leaned in to hug it again , this time putting my arms above hers on the trunk , so i was touching the tree and her at the same time .
i reached my hands out and put them on the trunk of the tree .
i arrived at the trunk and put my feet on either side of a huge root that was running from the tree quite a distance across the forest floor .
i put my hands out to steady myself against the trunk , getting ready to lay my body against it .
i walked over and put one hand on the trunk .
i placed my arms around the tree trunk .
i kept my hands on the trunk of the smaller tree .
as soon as it came close enough , i let go of the trunk and swiftly grabbed hold with a death grip , telling myself not to look down , no matter what .
chapter nineteen i got down from the tree i had climbed in search of the third waypoint , caressing its trunk as i stepped away , sending thank yous out through my mind .
i decided that the old trees , the ones that had super big trunks , were going to be called the ancients from now on .
i had moved to the inside part of the branch so i was against the tree 's trunk .
i put my arms around the trunk of the tree .
and the day had started out so well ... chase walked to the base of a tree , looking up its trunk to the branches above .
i rested my hand on the trunk and made my connection , sending my images out to the green .
the tree trunks looked black and gray instead of brown .
i placed my hands on the trunk to make a connection .
after a few moments , the dark liquid abruptly stopped oozing from the tree as the green energy moved from the branches down the trunk and sealed the great crack , leaving the tree whole and unbroken now , beautiful healthy branches and leaves reaching up toward the sky .
keedan went through several others , voicing his concerns about their harvesting skills , bruising of fruit or running their hoverstep into the trunk of a tree .
instead of answering , she grabbed the lapels of his jacket and pushed him back against the trunk of a tree .
the bench crashed into the trunk of a nearby palm , the legs breaking off .
he jumped , landing on the trunk .
the tree 's trunk was scaled and corroded with disease .
but where her blood touched the trunk , the scaling disappeared , and a healthy patch of bark spread out , stopping when it was about twice the size of her palm .
the healthy bark spread farther and farther until it consumed the entire trunk and branches .
with dexterity i had n't known she possessed , she scurried up the trunk and began picking purple and gold fruit as soon as she could reach the branches .
she had ridden a camel in the thar desert , scooped rice into a saddhu 's bowl , and been lifted by an elephant 's trunk to gather figs from the high branches .
[ illustration : a tree trunk . ]
a bolt of electricity hits the tree at the base and travels up the trunk so quickly , and with such extreme power , it practically disintegrates ; the only remaining pieces rain to the ground .
they build trunks around our spines , steadying us when we 're feeling most flimsy ; planting our feet firmly when we 're feeling most unsure .
our trunks infest and spoil until we are hollow and housing the interests of others and not our own .
he could see the shape of a moth , invisible in the light , now limned in the dusk with a triangle of deeper shadow that made it stand out from the trunk it hid upon .
heaven help him if it was the right one , too , he thought grimly , and took a firm hold on the trunk of the huge gray creeper that covered this side of the house .
my hand showed startlingly white in joe 's dark grasp , then red in the pulsing light , and then i had turned to him , solid as a tree trunk , rested my head on his shoulder , and - for the first time - wept for frank .
i grasped the smooth trunk of the rowan tree , and laboriously hauled myself to my feet .
leading the horse far enough into a small thicket that it would n't be noticeable from the road , i hobbled it loosely , and walked farther under the trees myself , ' til i came to the trunk of a fallen aspen , smooth - skinned , stained green with moss .
knees wobbling , i sank back on the aspen trunk and laid the knife on my thigh .
young ian bit his lip , glanced around , and at my nod of permission , sat down awkwardly on the trunk beside me .
i wrapped my arms about the trunk of the tree , pressed my face against the bark , and prayed .
i was dozing against the trunk of a huge tree , near dusk , when marsali 's hand on my shoulder brought me awake .
i turned my head , and saw that the french door was filled from jamb to doorpost with an immense black man , several inches taller than jamie , from whose rolled - up shirt sleeves protruded arms like tree trunks , knotted with muscle .
his rage was so overwhelming that he had to stop and punch a tree trunk .
fortnum had gone out again , leaving the end of his cot tilted up at an absurd angle over his protruding trunk .
no longer : the lightning showed him empty air where the towering trunk had been , another flash , the ragged spike of what was left .
feeling about among the slender trunks , he picked one an inch or so in diameter and , planting his feet solidly , grasped the sapling with both hands and wrenched it up .
he 'd come to it through a cathedral of towering bald cypress , their great buttressed trunks rising like pillars from the flooded ground .
he had caught us up the day before , and now he and jamie were pressed close on either side of me , where we had taken cover behind a huge fallen trunk .
but most horrifying of all was the sight of the iroquois chief , seated upon the carved trunk of a giant tree , tearing the flesh from the severed digit with his teeth , as one might gobble the meat of a chicken 's leg .
i embraced him , hard , and together we let out a great sigh , settling with it , his head bending over mine , kissing my hair , my face turned into his shoulder , openmouthed at the neck of his open shirt , our knees slowly giving way in mutual relief , so that we knelt in the fresh - turned earth , clinging together , rooted like a tree , leaf - tossed and multi - limbed but sharing one single solid trunk .
but the girls had more apples , and the horse paid no attention whatever - nor did he object when arabella - jane took his reins and looped them casually round the trunk of a young willow .
sure enough , a squirrel clung to the trunk of a sycamore , ten feet away .
ian flung his horse 's reins hastily round a tree trunk and bounded up the slope .
the tomahawk chunked into the sycamore 's trunk just where his head had been a moment before .
he flung himself at the trunk and shinned up , grabbing at branches as they came in reach to pull himself higher , faster , reckless of his wounded hand , the rough bark scraping his skin .
the indians were after him , but too late ; one leapt and slapped at his bare foot but failed to get a grip , and he got a knee over a large branch and clung , panting , to the trunk , ten feet up .
a twig snaps , and i jerk back behind the trunk .
as he held on to the trunk of the car , half bent over , he did n't see the humor , but i giggled .
by shiny , you know i mean chorus boys wrapped in sparkling swim trunks , right ?
i stick my foot in the v of the trunk and grab ahold of the lowest branch to pull myself up .
hardy 's above - average height of 6'3 '' necessitated that he duck beneath the low hanging branches of the tree , which he did , before turning to lean against the trunk .
round and round they went , chasing each other in a spiral pattern first up the trunk and then back down to romp and play around the roots .
i heard the air leave his lungs in a whoosh as i sent him flying backward to land hard against the thick trunk of a huge maple tree .
i had no trouble seeing him when he emerged from between the trunks of two huge trees .
he 's wearing black swim trunks .
he 's wearing a chippendale bow tie , forearm cuffs like conan the barbarian , underwear with an elephant trunk at just the right place and chaps to finish him off .
i ' m hot on his heels , oblivious to the tears streaming down my face and the ache in my legs as i dodge trunks and branches to pursue the dog as he runs through the trees rather than up the lanes between them .
i do n't have trunks regardless . ''
slowly , i turned my head , following one tree 's branches to the trunk and the trunk to the ground .
slowly , i turned my head , following one tree 's branches to the trunk and the trunk to the ground .
it had several huge gashes , as though they 'd wailed on it like a tree trunk .
the trees were suddenly darker , the deep brown bark of the trunks almost black , almost every hint of green in the foliage gone to darker shadows .
i inquired , looking down at derek roman , who was fixing a gopro on the trunk of a raptor .
not having any more willpower , liz started tugging on his trunks and dragging them down his thighs .
ben follows , and i take a seat on the trunk , twist the tops off two beers and hand him one .
edith and mimi walked in silence at first , flanking me , their feet crunching on the icy leaves , but then , as we reached the woods , some childish impulse overtook them and i stopped briefly to watch as they ran towards a rotting tree - trunk , jumping on and off it , holding hands and giggling .
i glanced behind me to where the girls were standing by the rotten trunk .
i then whirled her around and placed them on the tree trunk .
she gripped the trunk of the tree as i made work of getting out of my boxers .
she collapsed against the tree trunk , but i pulled her back against me so she would n't get scraped .
it was now or never time for me to take the white elephant by the trunk , so to speak .
without hesitation , she hurried across the clearing straight for rhys , who was leaned against a tree trunk , drinking a beer .
i ' ve seen him practically naked in swim trunks .
hundreds of tree trunks hide what 's beyond .
he presses my back against the trunk of the tree , drops his tool belt , and leans his body against mine .
` ` you ' ve got me so turned on , i ' m about to bust the seams in my swim trunks . ''
ben 's knuckles rapped against the trunk as henry popped it open and hopped out of the car to assist .
the endless procession of charred trunks was driving me mad .
as the spider forms the word akashic in her mind , she feels her awareness being propelled towards information tributaries branching away from the main river trunk .
its trunk was good and thick , and the arm looked straight and strong .
one of them was short and mal - proportionedher head was too large , and her trunk , swollen and lumpy , was perched on toothpick legs that were shaped like inverse triangles .
i place them back in my pocket as i quietly round the massive trunk of the tall oak .
she strikes the trunk as we pass her by .
the theme continued up the wide trunk , lightly fading into the wood almost ten feet high .
stools that looked like miniature trees and chairs that looked to be made of leaves sat scattered in front of the counter and around the trunk - like tables that sat throughout the establishment .
between their great trunks stood a different tribute that had been secured in place by the strength of krogan workers .
shepard looked around her in wonder as they passed the countless massive , gnarled trunks , their pace slow and meandering .
many had emerged from the avenues tree - shrouded walkway now , and joined them in resting against the great trunks while listening to history and remembrance unfold .
he backed away from the heat and stood behind the trunk of the car with the deputy .
his disembodied upper trunk hung in mid space above the ground and seemed to hover .
the squeaking of the hinged barbed wire gate sounded like a pack of bloodthirsty timber wolves as an orderly soldier closed it and slung a heavy chain around a tree trunk acting as the gatepost .
his legs were huge and appeared to be growing together like two giant tree trunks .
frank held a foot long piece of palm tree trunk in both hands , jack picked up an electric saw and spent a few minutes cutting two inch and one half slices off of it .
they moved to the back of their vehicles as the drivers popped the trunks , and an un - man of each group removed uzis from the back and armed their brethren and once they were armed , their input sensor blinked three times after they received their orders from the factory .
the light emanated from the maple 's trunk and branches .
the coniferous trees on the perimeter had full branches all the way down to their trunks .
the treetops were nt quite as high and their trunks were nt quite as clustered together .
he made his mind up to stay near to the trunk as far as possible .
red gripped the trunk , ducked under a fat orange - brown branch .
he tied the two lengths of rope together with a double fishermans knot , then fastened one end to the broadest section of the trunk he could reach .
nicolas ran around behind and pushed the car , and once it gained traction on the lawn he jumped onto the trunk for the ride .
nicolas slept propped against a tree trunk with his sectioned staff in his hand , ready for any sudden danger .
they threw the spare tire up front , and with help from everyone but john they managed to shove the machine into the large trunk of the car where arms and legs hung out precariously , threatening to fall out at any moment .
after that , he said with a hungry grin , pointing a thumb to the trunk .
after a bullet tore through the trunk of a young sapling at his feet he quickly consented .
with creaks and groans and some ominous popping it rolled back into a ball and settled into the trunk .
it was a quiet , private place where the man she feared and despised could park his expensive black car , flip her over the trunk , and invade her body much as he invaded her mind back at the research facility .
she took my hand and led me to a tree , pushing me inside the empty trunk first .
he leaned back against the tree trunk , his eyes closed while still holding onto his injured leg .
he walked to a tree , slamming his fist hard enough into the bark to tear it from the trunk .
tez and i huddled close to a thick tree trunk while a group ran past .
garbage was strewn all about its trunk .
kitka stared at him and then went to sit on the trunk , where it was more stable .
i jump up on a large bleached tree trunk and carefully step my way along , reaching the far end without falling off .
then he 's off , chasing along the tree trunk with negrita hot on his tail , bounding after him , trying to trap him in her claws .
it lives in a quiver slung across her back and she carries it everywhere , often firing off a couple of arrows at a piece of wood or a tree trunk to perfect her skills .
when we reach the tree , the first thing i notice is a rope , tied around the trunk and leading off into the long grass .
a couple of guards touting sub - machine guns appear and jerk petra 's hands roughly around behind her back , cable tying her wrists together before sitting her up against the scaly trunk of a pine tree .
outside at the edge of the field , marcus still spied on the rexif spaceship from around the tree trunk .
the unique bean plant with leaves half green half purple never died , it grew larger and its stem turned into a woody trunk , thicker than an arm .
the landscape had changed , grass land plants had given room to trees , pear trees to be precise , with vanilla vines clinging fiercely to their trunks and clambering avidly towards the suns .
bare , towering trunks of slain trees hemmed them in now , and a rank carpet of needles slowed their pace .
clawfurt had chain sawed its general form out of a dead tree trunk , quincy and jack had put on the finishing touches .
their dad comes into the yard with sandwiches heaped on a plastic plate , and jeanette flees from the tree trunk .
joey retreats toward the tree trunk and slips slightly .
to the young izzian , it looked as if the tree 's arms floated up from the trunk , like tendrils of undulating smoke , swirling against the sky .
he climbed down the series of wooden slats nailed into the oaks trunk and checked the gate .
one wing was crumpled against the trunk of a massive oak , and the other was nowhere in sight , perhaps cartwheeled into the far pines .
they traveled slowly so as to help those sitting on the hood , trunk , and ceiling of the crown victoria from falling off .
soon , they were secured with plastic tie - offs and herded into the trunks of both of their cars which were slammed shut on them .
darting her way through the trees after firing off a few rounds at the men chasing her , she ran between the trunks and jumped over logs .
he stopped when he saw her put her foot on the trunk of a tree .
her arms wrapping around the trunk as she pulled herself up , trying to climb up the tall tree .
tamman could hear her grunting and growling , forcing herself to move inch by inch up the large tree trunk .
she got about twenty feet off the ground when all of a sudden he saw a squirrel coming down the trunk , headed right for nikole .
he finished the drink in one final gulp then threw the glass at the tree trunk .
at first i could see nothing , but there , a way distant , something was also moving , keeping track with us , a white shape appearing and disappearing amongst the great trunks of the trees .
enormous brown pine cones hung from their branches and their trunks had smooth brown bark that looked to be flaking off in patches , the sand around each of the tree trunks was covered in the bark that had fallen from the trees .
enormous brown pine cones hung from their branches and their trunks had smooth brown bark that looked to be flaking off in patches , the sand around each of the tree trunks was covered in the bark that had fallen from the trees .
these comprised everything from card games played on the remaining trunks of felled trees , to dwarves stripped to the waist wrestling , over which many a wager was lost or won .
the gates like the stockade either side were constructed from giant tree trunks .
each giant tree trunk was strapped to its neighbour with thick iron bands .
at regular places along the road and held high above it by wooden scaffolding there were great lengths of tree trunks with many of the same iron rings adorned with sharp metal spikes and blades set around them as we saw on the spikes in front of the stockade gates and walls .
we had already passed underneath several of these tree trunks that spanned across the whole width of the road .
it occurred to me that in times of battle these tree trunks could be dropped onto the road into the path of , behind , or even right onto an invading army effectively splitting the army into smaller groups sealing them into a section of the city without hope of moving forward or retreating .
as my eyes became accustomed to the gloom i could now see that we did indeed stand within a great hall , the building was one complete room , the roof held up by massive wooden pillars carved from trunks of trees .
i marvelled at the branches reaching out above me , marvelled again that the nearest tree trunk was a hundred metres from me .
the trees grew gradually closer and within a minute we had traversed the entire area until we were hidden by their trunks .
explosions rocked the ground and blasted away the ground and tree trunks .
its like planting an acorn , you know it will grow into an oak tree but you have no idea how tall the trunk will be , how broad the branches , how deep the roots .
if we walk towards the trunk , we should meet the people who live here .
they caught up with jack and debois at the trunk .
arrow guided them back to the trunk where they found a narrow ledge encircling the tree , providing access between the branches .
if you walk 20 degs around the trunk , you ll find a pulley lift that will take you up 3 levels to the nearest comfort place .
with a little bow he turned to the trunk and leaped upwards .
50 metres above ground level , jack placed his hand on the smooth trunk of the tree .
jack then picked him up again and slowly carried him up to the branch levels of the tree , passing the great , field sized patches of moss - like growths that covered large areas of the lower trunk .
so ill prop him up against the trunk , out of everyones way .
it was a wide band of metaform material that encircled the trunk of the tree ; more than 50 metres in width and 2 metres thick , its dull black colour contrasting with the light brown of the bark .
the fields gave the trunk a strange blue glow that made it all seem unreal .
after only a few hours , skytree was close to the asteroid and the containment field was narrowed to carefully bend its branches closer to the trunk , to enable the tree to pass inside the asteroid , to its new home .
briefly , i looked her straight in the eyes , determination written all over her face while i felt the covert smashing into tree trunks .
all the dense greenery was high up in the sky , reaching for the sun ; while we walked relatively freely among thick , strong trunks .
they were strong and piercing through the trees , solid like laser beams as they threw a yellow/ orange hue to the tree trunks .
she leaped onto the trunk , pounding on the rear window , leaving greasy bloody streaks on the glass .
the girl slid off the trunk and shoved herself headfirst through the broken rear passenger window , fragments of shattered glass pattering onto the back seat .
i parked the police car on the small access road right behind the grass , and it still had bloody streaks on the trunk and back window .
kira pressed the symbol for rations and the device came to life , shooting the tree trunk with a strange sort of laser .
large oaken pillars lined the room , like ancient trunks in a druidic grove .
with extreme caution they peered over the trunk and through the broken branches .
they were about to put everything back , when sean leaned into the trunk and started scraping the bottom .
she landed on top of a mostly - snow - covered trunk , the blunt stump of a branch spearing her in the gut .
as blackened and dead as their knocked down counterparts , the trunks were thick , the remains of a once wildly dense forest .
the gun slipped out of his fingers , bouncing on the trunk of the car , clacking to the asphalt somewhere unseen .
he had become uncomfortable squatting down , so he rolled over into a sitting position just beside her so that he shared the tree trunk as a backrest with her .
after swinging a bit i was able to grab one of the tree trunks which were not at too much height from the ground .
smithy was leaning against a thick tree trunk , his eyes closed tight , one hand clutching his chest and trying to catch his breath again .
most of the signal trunks are commandeered or shared gland nerve fibers .
blackened , dead and naked tree trunks littered the landscape .
i hit the trunk with a solid thump and passed out .
seconds later , i heard a stifled cry and looked to see the jaguar - impaled on a broken tree trunk .
as we cleared a fallen tree trunk , there was the jaguar , snarling over some smaller animal in a clearing .
the tree was a candy cane of vines wrapping around a trunk as wide as a hummer .
once the trunk was clear and sporting a few nicks , pond shouldered his rifle and shook out his hands .
the sight brought waters some comfort as she followed the sharpshooter up the trunk .
kenner took the branch opposite them , spark climbed a tier higher , and waters stationed herself against the trunk on kenners branch .
trusting spark , waters shouldered her rifle and clung to the trunk .
pond hugged the trunk with his legs and swung like a pendulum .
the bear reared back , then came down on the trunk with its multi - ton weight as spark fired two armor - piercing shots .
the trunk rammed into another tree as its branches clawed through foliage , then twisted around its obstacle and gained momentum as it continued falling .
kenner jumped over waters and latched onto the trunk like a squirrel .
waters jumped onto the relative safety of the trunk as well , then waved markham and pond over .
the tree was feeling pretty darn horizontal by the time markham and pond scrambled onto the trunk .
spark lurched to his feet and winced as he took aim from atop the trunk .
he dropped the binoculars and aimed his m4 carbine , using the trunk of a tree as cover .
all they found was a statue of a goat with a pentagram on its forehead and eight human faces carved in tree trunks .
according to the crime scene investigator , odins face had been carved and painted on several tree trunks in the woods .
neither though , proved to be as shocking as the butt of the gun that suddenly swung from behind a tree trunk immediately to his right , smashing into his jaw and sending the world black .
his arms were tied behind the trunk of a tree , which explained the pain in his shoulders , tendons straining to accommodate the awkward angle of his arms .
the hooded man had aimed high , blasting the trunk of the tree that michael was tied to .
the centerpiece of the yard was a large tree with a life - sized statue of a man reading a book carved in alabaster sitting in the shade of the tree trunk .
she hissed as she grabbed strang by the waist , shunting jack and saira flat against a nearby trunk with alarming force .
he pulled off a bit of resin from the closest tree trunk , sniffed it , and then held it out to her .
large herds of graceful , deer - like animals calmly foraged in the dimness or rubbed their single horns against the trunks of the trees .
he ran to an oak , appeared to walk straight up the trunk , and disappeared into the foliage .
he stumbled back into trees the fire bypassed , collapsed to the ground , and leaned against a tree trunk .
the trunk looked the same , rough with deep ridges running its length .
he leaned back , his gaze traveling up the trunk until something odd appeared .
she noticed that red cliff had already gone to sleep , stretched out along the line like a massive flannel tree trunk .
he shouted , springing to his feet , and disappearing behind the trunk .
he smiled as he leaned nonchalantly against the dappled trunk of a ule tree , slowly and absently stripping bits off a leaf .
he and bene saw the child carefully laid against the trunk of one of the huge trees , saw how she was briefly blessed , then , like wraiths , the dryads were gone .
he hid behind a slender trunk to watch .
hearing voices , he was quickly on his feet , assembled his equipment and leaned against a tree trunk .
as she obeyed , sitting on the tree trunk to do it , she felt the strangest sensation and gasped as her waist - length hair was ruthlessly cut and when she put up a hand to her neck she was shaken like a puppy .
sarehl hauled himself in as close to the trees as he could , wedging himself between the trunks of the two largest trees closest to the denser forest so that he d be as inconspicuous as possible .
he stretched out against a trunk and nodded at the pot .
she ate well , jaim 's food always appetising , then she gave a deep sigh and settled against the slender trunk of a gnarlwood .
lush growth was everywhere - climbing vines with large orange flowers grasped the thick black tree trunks and mingled with the canopies .
he decided to squat , his hands sliding down the trunk as he went .
the expression on the face was remote but the pose was very relaxed , the young man 's hands clasped round the trunk of an old gnarled tree .
when luton 's mind and body joined , his hands slipped from the tree and he fell back against the trunk , his body completely at rest .
i note that as well as him having four arms , he does not have legs , but instead , his trunk seems to terminate in curved areas the bottoms of which touch the ground .
as the being swings around , i note that the trunk of the body , tapers outwards so the base is wider than the top , where the beings waist would be .
when weil came back , he pointed at a cylinder in the corner , like the trunk of a large tree .
then the desert disappeared under the growth of a forest floor , trees with trunks wider than the room and ferns drawn up from black loam by fingers of light reaching down between the shivering leaves .
he wanted to run his hand up and down the roughness of a tree trunk , take up a handful of soil and crumble it , moist and aromatic , between his fingers .
drifted snow had concealed the trunk of a fallen tree .
tristan seized his branch like a quarterstaff and put his back to the trunk of pulous tree .
it had been tied to the tree trunk and laid open with a knife stroke from gullet to groin .
concealed behind the trunk of a fallen tree , the lieutenant pulled his voice pickup away from his mouth enough to say , all platoons are in place , maam .
a park bench or a tree trunk , it was a tendency parren had noticed she had done for year .
he angrily stopped leaning against the tree and brought a fist into the trunk seeing it remained intact from his punch .
he brought his other hand to the tree 's trunk and leaned against it hands onto the area while the rest of his body was n't leaning on it .
a few weeks ago , i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
pointed tusks bulge from its lower jaw and saliva drips from its wide mouth as it sniffs a tuft of blossoms near the trunk of the tree i am perched in .
i rest my shoulder against its trunk and inch closer still , wanting to lean all of my weight against it .
i press my back against the tree trunk and close my eyes .
the spike lodges right into its open mouth and pitches it backward until it sticks into the trunk of a tree .
june climbs from the tree limb and clambers down the trunk .
i expect to smash into a boulder or tree trunk and break every bone in my body , but i am surprised when i land against a spongy surface that absorbs my weight and rebounds it so that i bounce , springy and in midair .
i look up , grateful that i did not , crash into a boulder or tree trunk , only to see the boart careening down the ridge .
look at the flowers and lawn surrounding the trunk .
there were my marigolds , right where i had left them , growing right up to the trunk of the massive larch .
the body flattened itself around the tree trunk and seemed to be eating away at it , weakening it .
` ` i have heard of this from my uncle , he said it 's just banana trunks , '' elia said .
he immediately went behind its thick trunk and crouched , never taking his eyes off the sky .
he realized that it was no more than five feet away and although he was in a prone position behind a tree with a large trunk , it was not enough to hide him should the creature look his way .
when it was done with its mid - air back flip , its claws found the trunk of a tree and its legs did the rest of work to cushion the force .
it was not the sun seeping through the leaves ; it was not the hard trunk of the tree that his body was propped up against .
eventually he could make out black leaves against twisted trunks , then he could see that the forest stretched in all directions .
in the pale light he could see that the tree trunks were deathly white , a skeletal forest as quiet as the void .
the purple light waved and bounced behind him , throwing white tree trunks in sharp detail .
his legs shook terribly and he had to lean against the fallen trunk .
but his spear did smack into the trunks of white trees , and the sound of wood against wood was like a siren through the deathly calm forest .
* * * the purple light of the flesh demons belly made dancing shadows of the tree trunks as he made his pilgrimage to the eastern end of the valley .
hermann sat against a tree trunk , pale , sweating .
the five drew near , saul screamed in abject terror , then marlon beat his spear against a slim tree trunk and shouted at the ghouls .
he found a small glade and sat on the trunk of a fallen tree .
he was shocked to find a brown - robed girl sitting on the fallen trunk .
she gripped the trunk , and saul saw that her hands were pale and delicate .
saul sat on the fallen trunk and eyed her calmly .
adam moved slowly to a transgenic maple , and his cane thumped as he walked across the concrete floor , and then he patted the trees trunk .
i wanted to create a transgenic tree or hybrid that could survive without the sun , so i created this species by genetically modifying a red maple with the extra - genome of a firefly , yielding a tree who s trunk and branches produce its own light .
a great trunk sat at its foot .
ben looked down , his head moving like an elephants trunk .
the pale green trunk was wide enough for her to peek around without being seen .
abreon looked around the trunk of the tree then pointing to the ground where boot prints were in the grass and soft earth , we follow the marks he left until we reach him , provided we keep a safe distance of course .
the skies outside turned a pale yellow as several nearby trees snapped halfway up their trunks .
as we walked , the trees became stranger and stranger , twisting into the oddest shapes , their trunks swelling , bulging with fat bulbous knobs .
the trunk folded in on itself in haphazard layers , and we stood right in front of a great folded cleft .
as i climbed higher , i could see the tops of the woodland trees outside , their bulbous trunks turning into gnarled silhouettes .
beside the lantern was a false tree trunk with leafy vines spun around it .
the leaves were burning up quickly but not quick enough to set the trunk on fire .
then something horrifically vast pushed aside two interlinking trunks and lumbered down the path after them .
the horned god fell , and lay stunned beneath its trunk .
the trunks of the trees did not crowd close to the crag , but the ends of their lower branches extended about it , veiling it with their foliage .
the giant trunks of trees less than a hundred yards away looked dim and ghostly .
he made less noise than a breeze blowing among the tree - trunks , but valeria felt as if her soft boots were betraying their flight to all the forest .
too artistic for my liking ; i would add pencil drawings of angular trunks and branches of trees when i was sent to my confinement there in the 1970s .
worst of all , though , its front , with no eyes , two saber fangs curving upward from a large distending mouth , two slimy trunks protruding from its chest , and one as its snout , was a miracle of hideous design .
to her surprise , they recoiled in a shuddery wave from trunk to tail and , after a chorus of groans , slunk back into the shadows .
the inverted umbrellathe giant particle collection dish attached to the nose of the vesselhad completely melted away , leaving only the thin , oblong trunk to blaze .
black creepers squeezed some of the thickest atlas trees , some even reaching between two trunks , visibly pulling them together with iron will .
as the creeper that girdles the tree trunk , the law runneth forward and back , for the strength of the pack is the wolf , and the strength of the wolf is the pack .
these new black , gnarled trunks and limbs soon closed in about her , tapering the white path to a dead end fifty yards ahead .
cecelia thumped the nearest tree trunk with her side - fist , on the southwest edge of this forestdeath trap .
stumps or fallen trunks , formerly orange atlas trees , sketched a modicum of colour amid the gothic woods , and farther on kate glimpsed a cluster of giant , living atlases .
for over an hour they found nothing , and jason was about to suggest they try further south , when kate grabbed his arm and nodded toward a teardrop - shaped gap between two wax trunks .
but the tracks ended at the fallen trunks , and kate did nt remember this obstacle .
the giant orange trunks seemed to sweat , droop as the streams from above eased to drips and beads of rainfall .
the first black trunks suggested they were entering the forest interior .
almost out of sight behind the upper tree trunks , two man - sized forms clutched at the smooth bark .
each had sharp talons that dug into the orange trunk , and fingers on the tips of its wings which gave it poise .
occasional amethysts decorated the canopy roof , welcome glares of sunlight breaching the forest , while the upper orange trunks glistened .
kate measured a good - sized length of trunk with the edge of her open hand .
i ran along the river until i finally collapsed onto the fallen tree trunk , my tree of safe haven .
i found you by the fallen tree trunk .
do you still have my swim trunks , uh , the skivvies i was wearing ?
he d completely fill the trunk of the old tempo with sand - encrusted sea - shells , drift wood , and pinecones .
adding absurdity and humor to this inexplicable kink in the laws of biology , another of the red cedar trunks was completely covered by grinning humpty dumpty - like smiley - faces .
sure enough , as they rounded the next bend they passed through a narrow gap that had recently been cut through a fallen two - foot diameter tree trunk .
trunk and branches reaching skyward , green needles breathing air and drinking in the power of the sun and wind caressing bark ; sap slowly flowing , roots reaching deep into the rich , living earth , drawing in nourishment .
at one point , johnny stopped the car , got out and walked into the trees , and ran his hands over the trunks of several of them .
she tried to judge by looking at the sun , but upper layers of fir and mid - level layers of hemlock and cedar , strung with vines and moss , cut off any direct sunlight too far above , while hills , boulders , ferns and bushes , and tree trunks obscured any general lay of the land .
the trunks of many furs and were over fifteen feet in diameter and towered perhaps four hundred feet above them .
they carried the stretcher to a thick section of the prone trunk , opened double wooden doors to a cave - like hollow and walked in .
how wide are the trunks ?
he exclaimed , as he drove the ax into the trunk .
though too small to crawl through , the cavity twists all the way to the base of the trunk and outside .
nobody knows how old it is , but the fallen trunk that just burned was at least five thousand years old .
ann pointed further up the path , to where a sizable tree grew , an aspen with a trunk that was two meters in diameter .
that helped immensely , though several times she still almost knocked herself out against tree trunks or poked her eyes with branches .
finally , where the ledge widened a bit and a trickle of water welled out from a crevice in the rock , another surprisingly large hemlock with a trunk two - feet in diameter grew .
a shadow separated from an enormous nearby rotting tree trunk and moved to stand over elizabeth .
blue lightning crackled from the horn and enveloped dark , slamming him away and against a huge tree trunk .
as fast as he could , with all thoughts of stealth or prey or continuing the fight gone , he fled , so fast that he plowed through several small tree trunks in his haste .
` ` i am thela , humans , '' said a soft , sexy female voice , as another form seemed to step right out of the trunk of a nearby tree .
overhead a seagull cried for its companions , who in moments caught up , and shot with that one into the tall trees that lay nearby , their huge branches curling round and round their trunks upwards toward the skies .
he reached a fallen tree trunk and settled himself down upon it , his body ached for sleep and his muscles protested as he sat .
gunnar sat hunched on the ground resting against the trunk of one of those trees , perhaps dozing , perhaps keeping watch through sly eyes , mann could nt tell .
their trunks contain enzymes and cellular structures which allow them to perform ` ` plant transmutation '' ( discussed in an earlier post ) .
tree - analogs with moss - like tops and trunks which are every color of the rainbow .
tree - analogs with very thin trunks .
later on in the series we discovered a second type with bushier leaf - analogs at the top and split trunks .
when cane - trees sway in the wind , their trunks make a clacking sound which is very ethereal .
some benches had been fashioned out of tree trunks and conveniently set around a fire ring of blackened stones .
they stopped for a rest and a meal at another wayfarers site , this one with a large fire ring and several half - rotted tree trunks for seating .
two huge rafts were constructed from the hewn tree trunks and floated across to the far shore , where they were secured .
the rope was tied to a small tree trunk driven in the ground like a stake .
before anson could say anything further , he was dragged from the tent and roughly placed with his back against the trunk of the nearest tree .
their trunks were covered by dried leaves which draped down , making them appear fur covered .
he said nothing all the way back to his den , and it was a den , nestled in between some tree trunks surrounded by plants .
dusk was near and the low sunlight reflected across the water , which fell throughout the creases of the massive trunk , giving it the illusion of liquid fire .
large palm trees towered above the small buildings below , and baskets hung on their trunks with flowering orchids .
his helmet had saved him from any serious injury but his rib had shattered against a tree trunk .
jake and tim expertly checked around the massive tree trunks and zoomed in on the tree tops , with their night vision goggles .
as time passed and they approached their destination , phaelon turned back to tarrek and instructed him to unlock the trunk as they hovered above the ground , still a good distance from the surface .
a weeping willow swayed in the wind , its long , flowing leaves grazing the rough trunk of a tall palm tree .
i could acknowledge that some unknown danger was brewing , or i could allow my hunger to drive me further into the clearing where i would drop down on my knees in front of those tree trunk tables and start eating every bit of that fantastic smelling food until it was gone .
james was pulling vines that crisscrossed around the trunk of an old oak tree ; he used them to tie the boy to it .
there 's a whole tree where they grow around the trunk about a quarter mile from where we 're standing .
ten minutes later , they reached a twisted tree trunk sticking at an awkward angle out of the marsh and took up a position behind an adjacent boulder .
then he took a similar looking rock and placed it in the top part of the trunk thinking it might fool the military if they came looking for it again .
bates leaned against a young aspen trunk and ran his fingers across the hard , smooth bark .
but they had landed safely , and amazingly enough , they had landed right on target , for in the headlights a dozen meters in front of the bus rose the trunk of a gigantic tree .
the diameter of its smooth , gray - white trunk was nearly three meters , about the size of the biggest northwest douglas fir or western cedar trees , and as big as most coast redwoods .
he had elevated his flashlight 's light beam to shine on the tree above the trunk , expecting to find the beginnings of a leafless , fractal network of winter branches .
krog and wink looked strangely natural , propped up against the base of the tree trunk .
stands of trees loomed everywhere in the faint light , with many of the individual trunks every bit as large and vigorous looking as the one near the bus .
` ` i am thela , human , '' said a soft , sexy female voice , as another form seemed to step out of the trunk of a massive tree .
bates watched for a moment in amazement as a giant at least ten meters tall stepped from the trunk of the huge tree .
citizens of the land in view of the team rushed to the trunk or root of the one tree nearest them and placed hands , hooves , or whatever against it .
only a few seconds after their strange trip began , the group abruptly popped out of the rock near the trunk of the big utah aspen that they all now knew to be part of the one tree .
the team was startled when two humans abruptly stepped out of the solid trunk of the big aspen itself , accompanied by the prancing unicorn baldor .
soon they were sprawled about on boulders and fallen tree trunks , and pulling sandwiches and soda - pop out of their back - packs as they eyeballed the alleged pit area .
` ` it 's coming towards us , '' said dooley , his hands resting on the trunk of a massive nearby jungle tree .
` ` something dark , climbing up a tree trunk up ahead , covering it .
johnny watched in fascination as what looked like dark metallic grey liquid flowed up and over a huge forest tree 's trunk , the vines that covered the trunk , and the base of any branches that were encountered .
johnny watched in fascination as what looked like dark metallic grey liquid flowed up and over a huge forest tree 's trunk , the vines that covered the trunk , and the base of any branches that were encountered .
a long ridge formed in the substance and a thick rope of it separated from the main flow and abruptly shot out towards johnny , who was at the time floating only five meters from the trunk .
as he and elizabeth watched him , the young shaman 's image began to waver and fade , to be replaced by a dooley - sized bulge in the tree trunk and roots .
a smiley face formed on the bulge of trunk where dooley 's head had been however , and one of the smiley face eyes winked whimsically at elizabeth as a hand - shaped root sprouted and gently enveloped her own hand .
in response , the great beast opened its mouth wide enough to expose rows of teeth larger than men , while a red forked tongue as thick as a giant tree trunk ran across them !
he was now in one of the four trunk passages that spiralled around the main gravity passage and also went the length of the battlecruiser .
he staggered down the trunk , supporting himself against the wall , not noticing the glowing chevrons indicating the way he needed to go .
sorry , tree , she said , patting the trunk of the tree .
he reached out an arm to ease himself onto the ground under the tree and leaned back against the trunk , his elbows behind his head , his knees pulled up .
a few lonely lyra trees , too small to have been of use as construction wood , remained in the great hills that had been home to the seynorynaelian forest , some with trunks half charred black .
she leaned against the trunk of the tree and felt nothing at all .
upon hearing voices in the distance she hid behind a tree trunk .
the stowaway pushed the gray haired woman against the nearest trunk , the blade still inside .
a trunk slithered through the fence and i reached up and touched it .
when she got over her surprise , she reached up to stroke the trunk of the big female that i was touching and spoke .
tuck even got to rub reggies trunk and was subsequently sprayed with dirt .
we waved susan over and she came up to us , reaching out for tammys trunk and rubbing her .
we passed a large mango tree , and in a blink , i found that my back was lightly pressed against its trunk and its long branches that carried its full , thick leaves were behind adam , who was standing in front of me .
adam forced me down and yet our legs kept moving ; when my head jerked up , i saw the bullet had sent sprays of bark flying from the trunk of a tree just in front of us .
all i knew was that the vine they pulled from its trunk had thorns on it that cut into whatever spots of bare skin they could find on me .
i moaned softly when the back of my head slammed into the hard , ridged trunk of the tree .
then , i walked several feet and lifted the other end so that it was rested on the rotten trunk of a dead , blackened tree .
but it was this guy , and his hair was like , branches , and his face was like the trunk of a tree , kind of .
i could see their faces emerging from the trunks all around me , and the branches of those trees moved with a natural , albeit very quick , movements to reach down towards me .
slowly , a slit spread across its face , forming its mouth , and then , with twitching movements that made its body crack almost deafeningly , it broke free from the tree trunk and was standing right there in front of us , so close we all could touch it , and it could touch us .
he pressed one red , button and the front of the car split open into three directions the hood rising up before them and above them leaving room for viewing through the windshield while the sides split sideways each parting to its own way and the front a silver scorpion ensemble glowing bright orange with fierceness as the hood of the car continues to rise up and join with the trunk rising upward further to form a curving metal tentacle like the tail of a scorpion .
as they rolled down , tina grabbed a hold of the strongest tree limbs rooted near the trunk of the tree and held on for dear life ; james subsequently grabbed her legs as he is headed downward and felt himself pull upward .
again , all the plants were dead all that remained were their trunks , corpse - branches clawing at the shattered ceiling .
* * * chloe hid in the shadow of a tree , watching from behind the dark side of its trunk .
even now he had the sleeve tied to a ropelike a leash on an elephants trunk .
the sun beat down on him , the mule was as comfortable as riding a tree trunk , and he had not had a decent meal in days .
a howl like kaitlyn had never heard , part human , part supernatural , bent the trunks by its power .
she pressed against it and wrapped her arms backwards around it , hoping its solid trunk would help her body stop shaking .
at some point , without noticing , shed let go of the tree trunk behind her and her arms were wrapped around herself in a hug .
i must have crashed the minute i strapped up and lay my head back against the thick trunk of the tree .
my eyes scurried along the high trees , from trunk to bough to branch , in which my clan members slept .
dressed in a blazing purple robe with striking red and green stripes , a massive scimitar hung from a richly ornamented baldric across his trunk .
the sky on a clear day is nt azure blue , but more a blur of purple and blue , an electric violet hue ; tree trunks are not brown , they re a splotch of purple and red , occasionally , bole in colour ; foliage and grass is either emerald green or again , a smudge of purple and green .
thick frost marked the earth , spreading and climbing the rust - walls nearby and the trunks of trees , coming from below .
she extends her claws and scratches a tree violently , till its milky resin starts flowing from the trunk .
billions of microscopic machines stack on top of each other , forming a trunk from which new protuberances stem .
c573y steps over an uprooted trunk , staring at the five dots in his visual field that are converging towards the center .
i walked for a couple of hours , including some iht reading time sitting against a tree trunk , and headed back towards the hotel .
the trunks of the trees had also been repainted at some point .
the tree trunks and bark were rich in magnesium and titanium deposits , which were the slunks primary food source .
the large pines provided some cover and several rocket streams ended in tree trunks .
the biggest trees looked as if they were hundreds of smaller trees joined together at the roots and branches , while maintaining several distinct trunks .
the millions of greens combined with the browns and greens of tree trunks blended with the rocks and ground .
bjorn and the patrol were alert and moving through the brush and tree trunks as if they had been under assault and were taking enemy fire .
bullet marks on the tree trunks and a cascade of falling leaves surrounded their position .
he saw scrapes in the tree bark : small pressure marks from weight being pushed into the trunk .
harlin put his arms up as if in firing position and placed his shoulder against the trunk .
thirty meters away , on the side of another tree trunk were black bullet impact marks .
heat lines looked drawn across tree trunks , across roots , bushes , and exposed rock .
harlin asked taking cover behind a tree trunk near deans location .
he leans onto the trunk of the car and takes aim at one of the suvs riding away .
the moon illuminates the cold fog that lingers throughout the trees in the forest and the flickering flames cast our shadowed forms along the trunks .
here and there ferns gathered amongst the great trunks of old trees .
the crack kept on going in a jagged line , until it reached a tree and the trunk split in half , but it stopped the crack .
the foot of the thick trunk was occupied with many unique types of berries .
they stopped at a tree with a symbol carved into the trunk that was what looked like a giant g. immediately thetra knew what it was .
once he cut through most of them , he came face - to - face with a wide brown trunk , which he bumped into , much to his embarrassment , for he was in front of his friends .
back at the street , the trunk of the mercedes was open , and jorge was sitting in the drivers seat of the bmw .
jorge banged the trunk and the man stopped .
this time when she looked at the tree trunks and hollows , she saw a man standing beside one of them .
he held onto a tree trunk with one arm as he looked at her .
as she neared the man , she saw that he appeared to be leaning around the edge of the tree trunk to look at her .
he pushed away from the tree trunk and revealed a horse - like body with a perfect curvature for her to ride on .
they were short , only about ten feet high at the tallest , and the tree trunks glistened like snakeskin .
the trunks were usually about the thickness of a telephone pole and complex networks of branches and twigs would fan out from them .
clatterford sat down on an old trunk positioned near the fire .
its trunk providing enough cover until it was finished once and for all .
hitting the trunk of the bastard 's body and dropping it quickly .
it was extremely steep , but i d made my way down and struggled back up by grabbing the trunks of trees and using their sturdiness as leverage .
the last time i had seen itmaybe four months beforeits gray trunk had reminded me of one those preschool art projects made with yarn and glue .
instead of thick ropes of gray yarn , the trees trunk looked like desiccated worms rotting on a black surface .
rod asked , leaning against the trunk to catch his breath , while nester wiped sweat off his forehead with the damp edge of his shirt .
its original trunk was still standing , half green , half purple , so thick now that two peoples ' outstretched arms could n't surround it .
a trio of scaly heads emerged from behind the tree trunk and squeaked at the group ; the dragon cautiously decided to keep the other two heads behind the tree until it could assess the new situation .
the trunk was thicker no doubt and the canopy stretched higher into the sky .
manuels roots tensed as currents of regret and sorrow pierced his trunk .
without another word , the sloth began her slow descent down the mangroves trunk .
he remembered vividly the night she clung to his trunk and whispered soothing words against his shaking branchesthe night he d heard the distant cry of a bird whose fate had been so similar to the woodpecker , pablo .
beside him , pablo began pecking a hole in the trunk of a mangrove .
the call of evil snaked around his limbs and coiled around his trunk .
mam quickened her pace down the trunk of the mangrove .
mam scooted toward manuel and nestled her head against his trunk .
kj nodded at kevs car , where half the long , spindly trunk of a young dogwood emerged from the rear right window .
its first appearance was stepping around a tree trunk barely wider than it , scowling and pushing away the brush with the heels of its feet .
the boulder crashed into the trees and thumped against a large trunk .
part of me wondered if it was the sound of my own body snapping against the trunk of one of the trees .
other , sharper , bits embedded in the trunk of the tree .
a couple trunks here and there were wide and peeling with rotting bark and mould , but most took on the impression of having been planted to replace other trees in very recent history .
melanie admired the underside of the trunk .
with its truncated form and all of the adventitious roots running out from the trunk to plunge underground , it reminded lani of severed vertebrae with the bottom half of the skeleton buried .
the ring of trees was solid , thick with tree trunks and bright orchids .
his legs were thick with muscles , like tree trunks .
its skinny black trunk was harder than metal .
he weaved between the trunks , ran down a small hill and partway up another .
rose was animated for a whiletearing out grass , grabbing skinny tree trunks for supportbut after a fit of noisy convulsions , she turned comatose .
he steadied his rifle on a knot in the trunk , mindful of keeping the front of the gun far enough away so that a muzzle blast would nt set fire to the tree .
the trunk was gouged with boot spikes .
the tree trunks were abundant and strong , but too thick to grab with his good hand .
he leaned back , skiing on his boots , using tree trunks for momentum .
lansing sailed into treetops , tall trunks , nests of unsuspecting dayravens .
did nt he chop some down by shooting through the trunks ?
aaron slowly turned and sat against the trunk of a large tree that he had been hiding behind , watching .
the distant sound of gunfire could be heard as bullets came crashing into tree trunks , branches , leaves , showering them with pine cones and needles .
perched atop the ferrys main body was a small box , a tiny head on the trunk of this massive beast .
i relaxed against the apple tree trunk and pulled up an index of the kind of information i 'd need to survive .
so i leaned against a tree trunk and took a crash course on how to be a colonist .
the leaves turned a healthy green and the trunk stood tall once more with branches lifting towards the sky .
the only thing left is the main trunk and it 's just a splintered remnant .
as they saw the royal consort and her daughter approaching , the guards bowed low , their faces held in rigid solemnity , their trunks parallel with the ground .
once inside the ship , the trunk of the light tree widened , and from this trunk branches started to form .
once inside the ship , the trunk of the light tree widened , and from this trunk branches started to form .
the trunk of the tree must have gone through the core of the ship , he guessed .
sharp teeth gleamed for a moment before the whole trunk stretched and shot up .
alan looked up and saw that a tree grew from the center of the island , its trunk gnarled and twisted .
his fingers , which had long since turned into claws , wrapped around the branches and trunk .
she retaliated by drawing the blade up , aiming at aki 's exposed trunk .
the runners ran ahead , but their sight was blocked by the tree trunks that cast their shadows over the dirt path .
under the light , deep veins of black pulsed through the trunk and into its leaves .
one by one , they disappeared into its trunks and leaves , their bodies reduced to nothing .
it grew from a stem into a stalk , and as ashra danced , the stalk lengthened and expanded into a trunk .
a tree , with its roots , trunk and leaves , hung floating in the space above the tower , brighter than the two moons that rose behind it .
it started as a seam from the base , splitting the trunk .
it seemed like the pressure of eons had built up inside the tree , and once the crack had reached the top of the trunk , all the sorrow and pain it knew released in one burst .
the darkness pulsed up the length of the trunk , sometimes spilling out , as if it were too much for the tree to contain .
the umbra crashed into the treetops , breaking branches and trunks .
the jaws at the top of their trunks were covered in a layer of mucous .
they steadied their roots , brought their trunks to the sky and closed their mouths .
she burst forth from inside the tree that imprisoned her , turning the trunk and branches into nothing more than kindling .
resting upon what remained of its trunk was ashra .
through a crook in the trunk of the tree , i watch the group break up and head in different directions .
i m careful anyway as i climb onto the back of the trunk .
we slide off the trunk and head south down the sidewalk , past the car and away from the lab .
bartholomew and ann ride inside an enclosed wooden tree bark - designed stagecoach with streamers of wild flowers in rainbow colors flowing horizontally , diagonally , and vertically around the roof , the wheels , the doors , the hump trunk .
tearing up huge amounts of the tall grass that seemed to cover everything in sight with their trunks ; filling their endlessly working mouths with it .
and with that he laughed and sat back against the enormous trunk of their shelter , still tending the flames .
the nearest torch bearer was no more than ten feet away now and bear led her behind what could only be the trunk of a huge beech tree .
she untied herself from the upper trunks of a huge beech tree and climbed down , heading off in the direction of the fire .
wulfgar was urging others to follow his lead , walker was pinned down by bursts of sustained fire that were tearing chunks out of the trunk of the huge tree and another of his men went down , pitched off his feet by a head shot .
there are white oak trees with trunks more than a meter and a half in diameter .
a smooth , papery white bark coated the tree trunks , while deep blue - green needles the length of a mans arm hung limp from the branches .
she made use of several branches and large spikes that she had driven into the trees trunk .
the spikes spiraled down the trunk connecting several large branches in which she could perch herself on for different views of the swampy wilderness .
the lowest branch was easily ten feet above her head and at the base of the trunk over seven feet in diameter .
large wooden spikes about two foot wide and six long spiraled up the tree trunk , attached was a hand rail .
after they started spiraling up the trunk of the tree , sandra asked , why do you live up in the trees and not on the ground ?
i said nothing as i walked slowly to the tree that had a tiny feather growing from its upper trunk .
the trees regenerate fast , they cut holes in them and hid , the tree bark grows over and covers the hole , they are hidden inside the trunks of the trees , ill show you .
they are inside the trunks of the trees , paul shouted over the comms before the forested erupted in a cacophony of trees tearing open and the shrieks of xenos as they fired their pulse rifles at us .
then they tied a vine around each end of the trunk .
the trunk rose five and a half feet in the air .
then they reattached the vines to the trunk .
they grabbed a vine each and put all their strength and weight into hefting the trunk , and then tied it off .
half a dozen trunks with obsidian fringes sat perched in the boughs of half a dozen trees .
ernest , i want you to take care of the trunks in the trees .
can i suggest we call them trunks of terror ?
release the first trunk of terror !
ernest pulled on a vine , and the trunk was released from its restrictive struts .
ernest pulled on the vine , returning the trunk back to its resting position , and released it again .
the tiger leapt across another pit , hopped onto a tree trunk that made up one side of the corridor , and took off into the jungle .
the coconuts fell and the trunk scythed in .
the trunk of terror sliced through two rows of luchers before striking the ribs of the same large lurcher .
he bore the brunt of the trunk .
the other lurchers continued to gnaw at the tree trunk .
he edged back along the branch to the trunk of the tree , which swayed slightly .
they ransacked the whole house , but the lurchers kept coming and chomping at the tree trunk .
he could feel the lurchers teeth grinding as they began to munch on the tree trunk down below .
the jungle returned to its normal background noise of crickets , hooting birds and something pecking at a tree trunk in the distance .
then there was a crack , like a splitting tree trunk .
in the time it takes me to run across the foyer and start helping raj over the counter all of the men are truly dead , and being drained by the bulky creature which turns on its grey , tree trunk legs .
the trunk splintered and the mighty piece of dagobah leaned dangerously to one side .
the enormous trunk was hovering in the air as he tried to get control over the thirty meter weapon .
the warm morning air hushed the fir and cedar branches overhead and danced the sunlight halfway down the trunks .
he counted the main branchesone , two , three , four , five , six , seven visible from the frontand noted which were mostly bare and which still dripped stringy bark , and how that one , that stretched to the left above the big knot on the trunk , was mostly bare .
in order to ease arons lingering disbelief , he counted and described the strips of bark in color , from the first to second side of the trunk : one beige , two pale red , three and four beige , five grey good , goodimpressive , aron said .
hidden from all ground animals was the nest of a grey crow , tucked in the crotch , where the trunk met a higher offshoot .
chapter seven : memories of frederick while the sun gleamed and flashed lustrously and luminously , dispersing its resplendent rays to every angle of the bulking , monstrous forest , anthony , sitted becalmly and unperturbed , with his back sloped and leaned on the trunk of a massive tree , thought back to those olden , portentous days that he procured his monarchial schooling and rehearsing in those perpetual and imperishable forests .
the intensity of his beating heart drove him to rest a hand back against a nearby tree trunk .
the suitcase , the dirty nuclear bomb , banged on the trunk of one of the cars as he barely pulled past it .
emola was right ; the house was split down the middle by a tree , the trunk almost as thick as the house .
four tree trunks standing storeys high , all twisted and carved into the first adjeti warchief , adecin .
from having watched professionals i knew that a branch had to be removed flush with the trunk in order not to leave an ugly dead snag .
it had to be undercut first so that it would break off cleanly and not wrench off part of the trunk itself .
in the rips of the trunk and the jagged snags i recognized hannas signature .
and , according to another message carved into the moss - covered trunk , nick had been here about ten years ago .
i surprise her behind the trunk of a large tree .
the trunk of a fallen tree has been sheared off with a beam - weapon .
he used his fingers to pierce the trunk .
something moves as she passes the trunks of the trees .
high walls of smoke , fire and ash erupted from the fissures and tall high - rises swayed like tree trunks in a hurricane .
assigned to the lower regions of the trunk , domilton spent most his days in deep introspection .
the spiked range of wooden pillars were awash in warm light , a beautiful contrast to the preponderant trunk consuming the background beyond .
in their place , steffor flew past one grungy settlement after another , gutted into bark and branch nearest the trunk with little thought or care to beauty or the provider .
given his centered proximity in the room , he concluded he was lying in a healer 's table : a waist high block , shifted from the trunks source - rich sapwood .
shifted from the cliff that separated the lowest and largest mesas in the range , the veranda presented an assortment of entrances into ward that led to various healing and living facilities , some reaching all the way to the trunk .
positioned with the cityscape to their left and the prominent trunk to their right , the contrast between the two made the city appear closer and smaller than in reality .
` ` anyway , about midway between the chute 's end and the deagron fields you slammed into the trunk .
you appeared destined to slide down the remainder of the trunk and disappear into the depths of the belly briar .
their excursion began at the base of razum mesa range , a ridged stretch of landscape between razum city and the trunk .
a network of roads , stairways , ramps and vine trolleys connected the neighboring plateaus and provided a means to ascend the trunk .
shifted within the canyons formed between massive bark plates , the pass zigzagged up the section of trunk that separated the razum buttress from the sofelarus region .
their trail skirted the smooth , inner trunk wall , which also constituted as the canyon floor .
sunrays sliced through bark plate openings , penetrating the long , horizontal canyons , to shine wide beams against the trunk wall .
miles below , positioned just south of their location , razum jutted from the trunk and sprawled far to the west .
several hundred yards above their ledge , a new limb grew from the trunk in the same , western direction as razum .
a half - hour later , they rounded the right side of the base and stepped onto the barren space between limb and trunk .
each limb grew from the trunk in relative altitude to the other .
the volcanic shaped knot loomed dark and ominous against the trunks enormous outline eclipsing the night sky to the east .
multiple streams , originating from the trunk 's run - off down the tiered mesas , interlaced the settlement .
their immediate food source depleted , they soon after embarked upon their inevitable migration up the provider 's trunk . ''
then the deagrons , seen as indistinguishable specks , swarmed over the land and began their ascent up the trunk .
armotto was the next , becoming the first shifter to emerge , shifting the crude trail up the trunk that enabled those early survivors to escape .
he imagined their naked trunks glistening from the coordinated and strenuous movements , shifting the elongated vines over miles of prairie bough .
we studied how the limb varied in altitude according to its distance from trunk .
` ` our eight day descent down the trunk transpired without incident .
for over ten miles , the limb elevated from the trunk at a steep angle before leveling off into flat prairie .
undetectable to the naked eye , he knew the bough eventually grew into the trunk .
though , at that time , he had never traveled the prairie bough to see the trunk firsthand , he had no problem in believing in its existence .
he made no attempt at conversation , his sight transfixed on a spot along the trunk meant for him alone to see .
the dark side of the trunk , outlined by the luminescent gourds placed on the opposite side , eclipsed all but a small portion of the valley 's adjacent southern wall .
there , inside the trunks hollow core just above razum , a brackish red blight with a virulent black core had formed .
steffor scanned the city , starting with the long mesa range of humped steppes and plateaus descending from the trunk to merge with the thick limb .
her terrified gaze locked onto the trunk , at a spot several thousand feet above the mighty limb .
` ` they do not grow from the trunk , instead they look to escape from it , '' martna observed , noting the torn bits of bark edging each thorn .
they reluctantly turned their attention back to the rupture in the trunk .
three guardians , sevorist , fregak and triffor , embarked on this unprecedented expedition down trunk .
the majestic tableau of intersecting ridges and deep canyons sprawled for miles , elevating as it moved towards the trunk .
they all studied the ominous opening in the trunk centered between two of the thirteen gargantuan base roots they had identified in their recent survey .
each base root reached an elevation of over three thousand feet before melding into the trunk .
from there , we can locate plenty of paths to ascend the trunk .
the images that followed showed the three making slow progress toward the trunk .
` ` see there , '' sevorist stated from atop a large root running parallel to the trunk .
` ` the sub roots diminish in size and frequency the closer we get to the trunk . ''
on the eleventh day , the trio scaled the sub root that framed the ominous fissure within the steep canyon walls of the trunk 's base .
let us investigate the west base root first ; it would be ideal if we could retrace our original path back up the trunk . ''
steffor fast - forwarded through the uneventful bulk of their trek back up the trunk .
steffor angled their decent to the east , toward the trunk .
maligned source oozed from the gash , black smog seeping down the trunk , leaving a wake of charred bark and xylem .
they soared toward the wounded trunk and within a few minutes were hovering but a few hundred feet above the tallest buildings , at which point steffor began to deflect the source off to propel them forward .
the recent mayhem at the trunk side of the city had created a mass exodus of citizens toward the other side , inundating the complex grid of catwalks , bridges and roads connecting the magnificent structures with thousands of terrified people .
` ` due east , toward the rupture in the trunk . ''
first revealed was the suburban homes that populated the tiered mesas of the mighty limb , the steep stretch of landscape that demarcated trunk from limb .
an impact crater several hundred yards in diameter located a mile below the hole ripped into the trunk .
` ` the power required to reach there from the trunk '' vejax 's astute observation cut short as they started to descend , broadening the perspective below to expose the bulk of destruction wreaked upon the forest of buildings before the cliff .
the violet lights behind the slits pulsed with longing as it watched the healers who had rushed from the healing ward shifted into the trunk just above the stepped mesas .
kilton stood up , and with a renewed paradigm , faced the maligned source oozing from the trunk 's gaping wound .
the trunk , a thirty - foot wide mass of limbs , rose but ten feet before its six serpentine boughs coiled up and away from its top .
steffor looked through the enclosure of tangled branches and found the stranger casually leaning against the trunk .
the stranger pushed off the trunk and stepped forward with a theatrical air .
he pointed at a section of branches behind the trunk with an upheld left hand , commanding them to do his bidding as they swept around to present leanor .
` ` at first , the sudden appearance of this woman and ... '' with two swift motions of hands and arms , the branches swung back around the trunk while a new set came around carrying calivera , ` ` ... this one was a mystery . ''
captured by the backdrop of squat structures lined behind the airy tapestry of trunks and branches , one could see a flurry of movement between and around the trees ahead .
all maroas had smooth bark , thick trunks , and very symmetrical branches and roots .
his voice combined with a long white scar on his neck , as thick as a tree trunk , carried certain unspeakable power in it .
hiding behind the thick trunk , he tilted his body , peering at the enemies .
as soon as he was away from the tree they caught him at , the air was hammered with the sounds of gunfire from multiple assault rifles , that trunk pelted with bullets that chewed into bark .
nes kept his speed while rushing into the tree line seconds later , fast and agile as he juked tree trunks and headed into the dappling daylight shadows of the valley forest .
she went into the tree line between two light brown trunks as wide around as she was , the quality of light changing and becoming mostly daytime shadows , as if someone turned off the lights in a room but left the shades half - open .
the staff sergeant did nt realize that she had been juking , sidling , and veering around white and brown tree trunks with unmatchable human prowess while calculating her next move , and when she was back to standard brain activity that world - class without - a - care athleticism was gone as suddenly as it came .
she holstered her machine pistol on the run and used both hands to help her keep balance , pushing off trunks that she juked around , no longer able to rely solely on her legwork due to fatigue .
now armed , saan ran to the thick broken tree trunk , hopped onto it from the shore , and jogged carefully along its length .
she passed the sand mound in the middle of the water that the trunk was stuck on , desperate not to lose her footing on the softened , moist bark , and reached the shattered part of the big dead plant that looked to have taken the lightning strike .
two meters separated the trunk and the opposite shore , but there was no time to wade in shallow water .
spit between the trunks of stanley 's shrubbery in front of my feet .
robot fido spotted the entrance , cunningly placed inside the trunk of a giant oak tree .
a second entrance is located inside the oak tree trunk .
they climbed inside the trunk of an oak tree .
inside the trunk there are horizontal barriers .
he indicated what looked like the outline of a small door incised in the trunk of the tree .
one is a dimensional switcher.he reached across to an ancient elm tree and touched his hand to the trunk .
the yew tree was massive , its trunk as wide as a carriage .
rata found a fairly large diameter tree trunk that had fallen over the creek .
the hexman ran across the trunk with his hands behind his back .
rata made it over the trunk and so did patrick .
the man was trying to help beth on top of the tree trunk .
every member of the crew went stiff as a tree trunk and fell over .
it zoomed up and anchored itself firmly to a point high up the tree trunk .
the trees trunk was at least fifty feet wide and it stood hundreds of feet high .
a stream of water flowed steadily from a hole in the wall of the cavern and fell several feet into a flowing stream that cut its way through the grass and disappeared under the trunk of the tree .
it grew straight up and down without a bend or branch on the trunk itself .
she had not walked far when she spotted a torslenda half way up the trunk of a large korten tree .
were those claw marks on the trunk behind the reflector ?
keeping it at arm 's length , he carefully approached the trunk with the claw marks and peeked around it .
no , he thought , as he maneuvered around one large trunk that jutted out into the air shaft , not untended ... once he realized it , sebastian could see hand of the wind - people in every aspect of the forest : vines that spanned the massive open spaces , purposefully twined together , windows kept meticulously clear of foliage , letting light in where it should have been blotted out , and the openings in the canopy , forest - hollows where the four - legged brothers and sisters prowled .
chopping the trunks opposite to the wall so that they fell safely away from the structure .
he picked a spot on the trunk , drew a deep breath and then took a huge swing .
the bottom half of the trunk simply exploded and a hail of splinters buzzed and whistled through the air like shrapnel .
the hickory handle shattered and the four pound steel head punched its way right through the trunk and embedded itself into the tree behind it .
but there are so many competitors that you need to grow a trunk and get high and pretty soon you have a canopy .
their trunks do n't need to support much weight and up they go .
mostly because their trunks were thin and very flexible .
here was rei 's first introduction : the cane - tree forest was made up of thin reed - like trunks , almost like bamboo , most not more than five or ten centimeters in diameter .
two men took the rear and rei carried the front where the two cane - tree trunks joined .
instead of leaves , the entire trunks are coated with a photosynthetic surface .
the trunks had been stacked up , and there was the smell of smokejust strong enough to be noticed above the bad skunk smell and good mud smell .
undauntedexcept , perhaps , by the new scent of decay that its breath had broughtarbids father stepped forward and swung his axe as if he were making notches in the trunk of a tall tree so he could climb up to trim off the limbs .
ed asked , as they passed by a huge tree with dark reddish - tinged bark that had a ten - foot in diameter trunk and stretched majestically hundreds of feet into the air .
other trees with darker trunks were nearby that seemed to be equally as huge .
* * * * on a nearby ridge overlooking turtle man 's lodge and the lab construction , running bear watched and waited , propped against a tree trunk in a white outfit that rendered him virtually invisible to those he watched .
` ` it holds a tree trunk under each arm , '' said john , who was watching it through telescopic night - vision goggles .
it indeed held a massive six - foot thick tree trunk under each arm , trunks with pointy ends that looked like they had been gnawed through by a giant beaver .
it indeed held a massive six - foot thick tree trunk under each arm , trunks with pointy ends that looked like they had been gnawed through by a giant beaver .
most closely resembled hairless bear , but some took other shapes , including a few that resembled great - tusked hairy elephants that could carry tree - trunks using their tusks and trunks , or giant crabs that carried trees in their claws and on their backs .
most closely resembled hairless bear , but some took other shapes , including a few that resembled great - tusked hairy elephants that could carry tree - trunks using their tusks and trunks , or giant crabs that carried trees in their claws and on their backs .
declan pedaled his bike hard and weaved around rocks and fallen tree trunks and other debris that partly covered the walking path .
ion slid his back over the back of the tree trunk and thrust his hand into the other pocket of his robe .
he let his back slide over the thick tree trunk behind him , and gazed up at the stars above .
jediuss presence was a great strength to him , and he wished he had that strength with him always he lay back against the tree trunk , staring up at the stars .
its surface was completely smooth and polished , and it was raised on one thick large leg that was as wide as a tree trunk .
the cluster of trees across the other side of the lake was pressed together in a dense green clog , with nothing visible amidst the thick tree trunks .
they were standing concealed behind the thick tree trunks .
as the three of them looked across the bank , ion went wild with panic : emerging from the tree trunks they were hiding behind of , pouring into the open , came a fleet of men in black cloaks .
ion said , his back pressing firmly against the tree trunk behind .
there was another bog willow near the waters edge , its trunk gripping tenaciously to a sheer side that fell into the water .
one end of their dinghy was propped atop the trunk of a fallen web - tree , the other end rested on the sandy beach .
a webtree whose trunk emerged from the side of a hillock , had grown parallel to the ground and then turned straight up , forming an l. aleesha had left her bright blue headband tied to its trunk .
a webtree whose trunk emerged from the side of a hillock , had grown parallel to the ground and then turned straight up , forming an l. aleesha had left her bright blue headband tied to its trunk .
she laid her hands on its trunk and closed her eyes , as if drawing strength from it .
as they moved off towards base camp she looked back at her l tree and her blue hair band still tied to its trunk .
the cord sliced through trees this time , and in a blur , we were up , running , avoiding being crushed by the tree trunks as they fell , all of us still carrying our injured people .
he picked his way between the tree trunks , each tower - wide and gnarled with age .
anandrou knuckle - walked between the gargantuan trunks , squinting after the blue glow .
he came to his feet just as blatcher did and clapped him about the trunk , one hand each on chest and spine .
i leaned back against the remains of a tree , its trunk split into pieces by the impact of the helicopter .
the trunk 's height and girth outdid any of the giant sequoias i 'd seen on earth .
i leaned against a tree trunk and inhaled deeply .
pressed against the trunk , ouranos looked toward the observation tower but he could n't see the silhouette of the guard like normal .
reluctantly , they did , but they still stalked from tree trunk to tree trunk , looking around , just in case .
reluctantly , they did , but they still stalked from tree trunk to tree trunk , looking around , just in case .
flames clung to trunks and reached the leaves .
the units squeezed their triggers and specially created explosive rounds lit into the tree trunks and the cylons hiding among them .
the car 's sides were perilously close to the tree trunks and the bumps forced the brothers side to side at a disorientating rate .
he kicked a pine cone and it bounced off a distant trunk .
they fired their weapons and the bullets tore splinters from the trunks .
kneeling down slowly , she quietly dropped into a pushup position and lowered herself , spying a trunk underneath .
expecting a verbal response from the stunning lycan woman , who was looking unusually delicate in her modern , pink dress , krynos was surprised as the two girls turned and threw their arms around his massive trunk , hugging him tightly .
spike and i go behind the massive tree trunk and set tight .
` ` be better , then , to lead the trunk with sacks of sand , '' barris said .
smoke spouted from ganesha 's trunk .
he took his seat near the eyepiece , riding the telescope 's shaft as though it were the stiff trunk of a giant elephant .
it passed through the trunk and down to the coral .
the small trees ( few were higher than ten feet , although their trunks were nearly as thick as the average terrestrial tree ) grew with considerable room between them .
they seemed to be moving between two parallel walls that almost touched the proteus on either side ; gleaming yellow and constructed of parallel fibers , like huge tree trunks bound side by side .
his legs were very short in proportion to his stocky trunk , which made them look more bowed than in fact they were .
they could have made him look any way they deemed efficient - with rotors instead of legs , with six arms instead of two , with a swiveling sensor - dome atop his trunk instead of a head with two eyes .
through the eye of ultraminiaturization , those collagen threads , totally invisible without an electron microscope , looked like tree trunks , leaning this way and that in a world in which gravity was of little importance .
the tangle of collagen fibers seemed a forest primeval , built up of trunks only , without leaves , without color , without sound , without motion .
they were like tree trunks , which , however , narrowed rapidly and were clearly flexible .
that jungle continued to shrink , in its turn , until the collagen trunks and cables became nothing more than twine .
there was a group of masked ironheads off in a copse of young trees , destroying as many of the saplings as they could , firing point - blank at their trunks with blasters .
baley thought a moment , ` ` i would like to walk over to that tree there and sit down with my back against the trunk and spend some time there alone .
they reached the tree and baley touched the trunk gingerly and then stared at his finger , which remained perfectly clean .
reassured that , leaning against the trunk would not dirty him , he inspected the ground and then sat down carefully and rested his back against the tree .
of course , that might be insufficient , if he was being searched for with a heat - seeker , but , on the other hand , the cold trunk of a tree might blur even that .
a second way took us across the surface of a frozen lake , to stop before the roots of a vast old tree whose trunk could have contained my apartment with room to spare for a garage .
laser light represented the only hope for handling these massive data requirements , since laser channels carried twenty thousand times the information of an ordinary metal coaxial trunk line .
each individual green puff of a tree had a trunk forty feet in diameter , soaring two hundred feet into the air ; a space the size of a gothic cathedral was concealed beneath its billowing foliage .
he was totally unprepared for the scale - the gigantic trees soaring over his head , the trunks as broad as a house , the thick snaking moss - covered roots .
but it was incredibly hot , and it seemed as though everything was wet - the leaves , the ground , the trunks of the trees , the oppressively still air itself , trapped under the overhanging trees .
he heard the gurgle of water and saw a dead tree trunk lying across the moat .
he snarled in rage , whirled with the silver sword of the wardens abruptly emitting a low howling sound , and struck at the trunk of the tree in a motion of focus and power that reminded me of way too many kurosawa movies .
there was a flash of light as the blade cut all the way through the tree 's trunk , the heat of all that force setting both sides of the cut on fire as the tree started to fall .
he abandoned chasing me around the tree in favor of simply hacking his way through it , and the sword in his hands howled again and again as he struck , cutting trunk and branches like bits of straw .
the first man felt the trunk , and claimed that an elephant was like a snake .
i looked up to see a strip of bare white bark showing along the trunk of the old tree behind my boardinghouse .
and at the doorway of the sacristy father handy glanced against the morning sunlight from wyoming to the north as if the sun came from that direction , saw the church 's employee , the limbless trunk with knobbed head lolling as if in trip - fantastic to a slow jig as the holstein cow wallowed forward .
not to be an upright trunk in a cow cart .
the trees were old , and the foliage had moved high on their trunks .
and then through the window she saw against the sky to the south a stout trunk of smoke , as dense and brown as a living stump .
most impressive were the crosswood trees , whose branches - leafed with pink and white blossoms - were lit from behind by lanterns running up the trunks .
however , mr . advocate , the rotten tree trunk , until the very moment when the storm blast breaks it in two , has all the appearance of might it ever had .
the trees were thicker here , and the moon was blotted out tree trunks rose in lurching shadows .
trunks were twisted and roots seemed to struggle with the earth in a tortured hunt for moisture .
the sneezes coming through the little trunk filled hammond with dread .
to the south , rising above the palm trees , grant saw a single trunk with no leaves at all , just a big curving stump .
` ` halfway up that big green trunk ... '' in the dappled shadows of the tree a motionless , dark green animal about the size of a baboon stood on a branch .
yet a moose was almost as skillful with its snout as an elephant with its trunk .
and he saw the door give way beneath her , and she fell out of the car into the mud but tim could n't answer , because in the next instant everything swung crazily - he saw the trunks of the palm trees sliding downward past him - moving sideways through the air - he glimpsed the ground very far below - the hot roar of the tyrannosaur - the blazing eye - the tops of the palm trees- and then , with a metallic scraping shriek , the car fell from the tyrannosaur 's jaws , a sickening fall , and tim 's stomach heaved in the moment before the world became totally black , and silent .
tumbling , banging , feeling pain in every part of his body , hearing the land cruiser smashing down through the branches after him like a pursuing animal , and then tim 's shoulder hit the soft ground , and he rolled as hard as he could , and pressed his body against the trunk of the tree as the land cruiser tumbled down with a loud metallic crash and a sudden hot burst of electrical sparks that stung his skin and sputtered and sizzled on the wet ground around him .
there was only the faint rustle of leaves , and the whine of the wind , lex started to speak , but grant pulled her against the trunk of the nearest tree , ducking down among the heavy gnarled roots at the base .
the publicist was pressed up against the trunk of a big tree , hugging it .
grant looked at regis , and saw the moving shadows cast by the moonlight on the trunk of the tree .
regis remained close to the tree trunk for another half a minute .
then the baby was covered in shadow , and a huge leg came into view , thicker than a tree trunk .
sometimes they reared up on their hind legs , resting their forelegs on the tree trunks , so they could reach the leaves on higher branches .
grant propped himself against the coarse bark of the trunk , coughed in the dust , closed his eyes , and waited .
grant braced himself to run , but the animal shifted its ponderous bulk and then it settled back against the tree trunk and gave a long , growling belch .
tim saw that the tongue had muscular movements , like an elephant 's trunk , the tongue drew back along the right side of the recess .
and he only tried to correct gross behavior : uncontrolled butting of the electrical fences , or rubbing the skin raw on tree trunks .
huts made of tree trunks and mud and bristles of pine needles .
they passed behind a group of trees - mark heard a few hard thunks as darts buried themselves in the branches and trunks - then they were in the open again .
mark rolled his eyes , but alec had already turned away and was leaning forward to peek around the edge of the tree trunk .
he made mark step back and hid the two of them behind the large trunk of an oak .
mark saw a man bull - rushing a tree , slamming himself into the trunk over and over , as if he thought eventually he 'd win some battle and knock the thing down .
he did n't fight as they tied his torso to the trunk , leaving his hands free .
chapter 57 the clearing was scattered with trunks of trees felled long ago .
the only light in the woods came from the trees themselves , their scarred trunks glowing an eerie blue .
the glowing trunks of the trees were thick and tall , rising toward the black sky above .
5 the forest did n't quite end at the hanging sign , but the clearing that opened up in front of them after they passed under it had only scattered trees instead of the densely packed trunks of the woods .
catching his breath , michael turned away from the mayhem and crept into the forest until he found the big tree he 'd been hoping for - a thick trunk that was five or six times wider than his body .
michael turned to see the same thing happening to the massive trees in the forest , their trunks already whittled down to half , disappearing by the second .
soon he could make out the palm trunks and debris scattered over the dark sand , and the low , scrubby plants whipped by the wind off the ocean .
right outside my window was a large coral tree , with thick leaves and a green trunk .
the third ogre hit him with a small tree trunk , baseball style , and turned my brother into a line drive that missed slamming into me by six inches .
i ' m left staring at his back as he heads down what passes for a trail , a clearish patch between the trunks of bloated trees .
as the lacy lift doors glide shut , i notice that the guardian plants have strange spines all down their trunks - or would that be stems ?
all around us , the jungle breathes , leaves rustling , rain spattering on the sodden trunks .
it tries to control its fall , clawing at branches and vines , but succeeds only in battering against the trunk on the way down .
they heard a sharp crack just behind them , and lightning flashed down the side of a tall pine , splitting the trunk open with what looked like steam and bursting the tree into flames .
each stanchion had caught debris floating downriver ; the pylons were now wrapped with a tangled mat of tree branches , burned trunks , old boards , and floating junk , so that there was little room to pass by .
at twenty yards , she stopped and leaned against the nearest tree trunk .
the spot where they had been parked was littered with the trunks of uprooted trees .
whenever the wagons grew too close , the needles pulled into the stalks , leaving behind twisted , wormlike trunks with knotted branches .
after storms , plants soon pulled back into their shells , trunks , and hiding places to conserve water .
as kal got close , the large , bannerlike leaves snapped up close to the trunks , making a series of whipping sounds .
beyond it jake could see great old trees growing in a mist , their trunks thick with moss , their branches looped with vines .
an ancient fir tree , its lusty trunk girdled with moss , took the bolt and split apart down its center , falling half one way and half the other .
they set their logs at an angle against the trunks of two willow trees ( close , so they could work side by side ) and used chert scrapers to dehair the hides .
the high - caliber rounds smacked into the tree trunk two inches from my ear .
a shadow darts between the trees on my left and i open up , spraying bullets willy - nilly at tree trunks and branches and empty air .
( normally , when one of the printout units of a secret trunk line miswrote part of a message , the entire message was rewritten , or else it was reread by the computer to certify its corrected form . )
the trunk lines to the library and the central storage unit were also regulated by delta sector .
0097 11 35 scoop , houston projection group has confirmed orbital instability and decay ratios are now being passed by the data trunk to your station .
they appeared to be short lengths of tree trunk cut off at top and bottom and with oddly protruding stub limbs .
a mist near the ground quested among scaly brown trunks .
the launch tube climbed beyond his vision through green water with a backdrop of sparsely planted kelp - thick red - brown trunks with glistening highlights at odd intervals .
then he saw the same pungent , pale secretions on the trunk ; it had smeared on his hands .
he lunged through the foliage , fell , hit a tree trunk , and tumbled down a steep jungle hill .
eddie pulled up in the motorcycle , and leaned it against the trunk of a tree and waited while the others climbed out of the explorer .
the rough trunks scratched at them .
the legs were as thick as tree trunks , stamping and turning .
harding climbed out on the branch , moving farther from the trunk , feeling it bend under her weight .
suddenly , one of the animals charged the trunk of the tree she was in , butting it hard .
the tree 's whitish trunk turned green and grew spines .
hey mister , i go down , this is clean kitty , kid , teach you how- a hand whacked the top of the trunk casually in passing .
at one , jessica threw herself to the ground behind the wide trunk .
the tree trunk bore three long , cruel gouges just above where her head had been , the freshly exposed wood white for a moment before the moon leached it blue .
in the darkness below its shade she spotted the three gouges in the trunk , the claw marks of the giant panther .
but it seemed to strike in reverse , jumping from the ground up into the sky , spreading out from a thick trunk to many thin fingers of fire , like a huge and leafless tree suddenly revealed by a flash of blue .
the trunk of the pine , easily eight feet in diameter at its base , was now no more than eighteen inches through the middle .
eddie was hugging the trunk as the tree rocked and rolled .
ominous popping , grinding sounds were now coming from the upper part of the trunk .
he helped susannah out of the harness and set her down on the bole of a fallen tree with claw - marks slashed into its trunk in long diagonal grooves .
it thickened and bulged slightly as it ran into the trunk .
groves of trees with long , slender trunks and wide , spreading tops dotted the plain .
he could not have gotten his arms around the trunk of it .
some boy or girl had carved the word lasher into the thick trunk of the giant crepe myrtle that grew against the far fence .
the name he 'd seen on the tree trunk and in the dust of the dining table .
but even if he discounted the -dreamlike conversation - blamed it on the quiet of the place and the infernal heat , and the suggestion of a word carved into a tree trunk - the other times could not be discounted .
their pale waxy trunks were now quite thick .
she danced in front of me , with her hair blowing in the breeze , a lithesome figure against the dark glittering sea ah , such beauty more beautiful even than my deborah i looked down and saw the glass was in my left hand , most strange , and she was filling it once more , and i was so thirsty for it that i drank it down as if it were ale taking my arm once more , she pointed the way down a steep path , which led perilously close to the edge , but i could see a roof beyond and light and what seemed a whitewashed wall ' do you think i am ungrateful for what you ' ve told me7 ' she said in my ear ' i am grateful we must talk more of your father , the physician , and of the ways of those men ' ' i can tell you many things , but not so that you use them to do evil ' i looked about me , stumbling still , and trying to see the slaves who played the drums and the horn , for surely they were very near the music seemed to echo off the rocks and off the trunks of the trees ' ah , and so you do believe in evil1 ' she laughed ' you are a man of angels and devils , and you would be an angel , like the angel michael who drove the devils into hell ' she placed her arm about me so that i did not fall , her breasts crushed up against me , and her soft cheek touching my shoulder ' i do not like that music , ' i said ' why must they play it ? '
his knee struck something sharp , but he crawled on towards the trunk .
wavering , vanishing , julien stood there , nodding , pointing down into the trunk .
his hand lay on the little deborah doll , crushing it down into the trunk , the blond hair doll tumbling against him .
chris had seen her , and promptly walked into a tree trunk .
some of them had trunks so thick , you could hide three or four people behind them .
chris had to scramble over fallen trees , rotting trunks , snapped branches as thick as his thigh , dense patches of bramble .
chris was now struggling to climb the tree , trying to pull himself up on the lowest branches , getting extra leverage by bracing his legs against the trunk .
` ` you are dumb - look now the marks on the trunk , by your feet . ''
there were muddy streaks , very clear on the bark of the trunk .
he felt himself begin to slide along the trunk .
he grabbed at the trunk and held tightly .
he pulled himself along the trunk , working his way back to the rock .
it was only a matter of time before the entire trunk broke free .
yet after only a few careful steps , her feet shot out from beneath her , and she was sliding helplessly in the mud , banging against tree trunks , getting the wind knocked out of her .
kate fell backward in the mud and slid down on her backside , trying to use her feet to push off tree trunks as they rushed up .
now the trees ahead were thinning , she could see light between the trunks , and she heard the rush of water .
he saw light between the tree trunks , some distance away .
it happened quickly , and in perfect silence - maybe a dozen spiders the size of ponies alit upon the frozen ground or clung to the trunks and branches of the surrounding trees .
it lifted the huge beast off all eight of its feet , drove it fifteen feet backward through the air , and ended at the trunk of an enormous old oak .
i turned off the forest path onto a foot trail at a tree whose trunk had been carved with a pentacle .
the trunks of the birches looked like narrow ghosts .
andy sanders stood behind one of these crenellated trunks .
he probably would have sprinted straight down the access road to little bitch if the other survivor of the backdoor raiding - party had n't grabbed him by the shoulder and shoved him against the trunk of a large pine .
she stood beside a branch , touched the bark of the tree 's trunk itself to use its color .
the tree trunk did n't work for color , though .
` ` oh , that is easy , '' iskierka said , and hissed a command to arkady , who quickly chivvied his gang to one side , and she then blasted fire out across a swath of ground at the edge of their clearing , dry leaves crisping up and tree - bark popping with sounds like gunfire off the trunks .
perscitia had devised a method of tearing up tall yew - trees , with bushy tops and smooth long trunks , and dragging their crowns along the ground during a diving rush .
` ` ha , '' temeraire called after the vanquished , curling his talons about the trunk , and he lashed the air with the tree experimentally a few times .
he edged up the trunk , to his favorite place in the crook of two branches , and looked down at the potter 's field below him , a brambly patch of weeds and unmown grass in the moonlight .
acacia was struggling to her feet , using the wide tree trunk behind her as leverage .
i loved the giant tree ferns and the soaring palm trees , their thin trunks wrapped in twinkling light .
it was dawn , and he could just make out details of the countryside around him : almost leafless oak , and ash , and beech trees , readily identifiable by the shapes of their trunks .
only a small boat , hardly big enough for three full - sized men , tied to a tree trunk on the shore , twisted and half dead , and a bell beside it .
he paused at a waterfall that splashed across our path , thick as the trunk of an oak .
puffy white clouds sailed along the heavens and light tripped across the tops of the trees , fell between them , made shadows run low along the trunks and across the ground .
it carried them along to a more isolate shore , hidden by the curving of the coastline , where there was only a mere fringe of sand leading up to a thick forest of tree - trunks , which laurence thought might serve to hide him even from dragons .
the tree - tops had been wedged in carefully under the hull , and their long trunks were jutting up from the ocean , froth churning up around them .
the enormous lump of the backbone , the size of laurence 's trunk nearly , had defied the halberd 's strokes so far , but five men more were nearly upon him , and if unopposed they could hack away at it , like woodsmen together felling some great monster of the forest .
` ` how the devil have they managed to cut down a hundred trees- '' ` ` they are cutting down another , over there , '' gerry piped up , and looking temeraire saw not a heavy - weight but three light - weight dragons instead , who were using a kind of saw which was little more than a long toothed chain with one end run around a wheel , which two of them turned rapidly by a crank while the third steadied the tree ; the trunk was being torn through at extraordinary speed , and when it had been reduced to only a thin sliver , a heavy - weight was waved down ; when she had seized it , several men chopped at the remaining portion with axes until she was able to break it off and carry it away .
the whole place is wood , highly polished , like it 's all been carved out from the trunk of one giant dead tree .
unable to squeeze between the columns any farther , he could only peer past the trunks .
he called , his face pressed between two trunks .
he waited , pushing against the trunks as if he could shift the rocky columns .
ben stretched out an arm , struggling to pass between the trunks of stone .
huge , the size of a bull elephant , this one was twice as big as any of the others seen so far , legs like tree trunks , ending in sicklelike claws , jaws that could swallow a calf in one bite .
she used the tip of the knife to pry the posterior sucker loose , then lifted the parasite 's trunk with the blade until the anterior sucker was reached .
trunks of rock , bearing red bulbous fruit , surrounded him .
bloody hell , it was a petrified tree trunk .
he knew to watch for fresh bear signs whenever hiking : unsettled dung , torn - up sod , clawed trunks of trees .
once well off the churned track , matt settled under the limbs of a spruce , tucking into the shadows , shielding himself behind the trunk .
matt fell back behind the spruce 's trunk .
slugs tore into the back end of the cat , sounding as if someone had tossed a flaming bundle of firecrackers into their trunk .
he would never have time to hack through the main trunk of the span , but if he could sever the side ropes , his pursuers would have difficulty crossing .
the tile , with miguel atop it , flew toward the ceiling , borne up by a thick trunk of wood .
jack stood in his customary red trunks , a loose shirt open in front .
the vine draped from a tree and lay tangled near the trunk 's base .
as he examined the end , crude markings on the tree 's trunk caught his attention .
he reached and brushed rainwater from the trunk .
deeply inscribed into the bark of the tree 's trunk was a coded message .
` ` it 'd be risky to deploy them so close to us , and no guarantee that it would kill enough of the bastards among all these tree trunks .
upon the trunk , a small strip of torn cloth hung , soaked and limp .
kelly was one of the first to the trunk .
kouwe asked , meeting her on the far side of the trunk .
locusts were everywhere : buzzing through the air , coating the trunks of trees , scrabbling through the underbrush .
its thick trunk sprang from a tangle of exposed buttress roots , then fanned out into a branched canopy hanging over the waters .
the sapling toppled backward , its trunk sliced cleanly through .
beyond it , a thick - boled silk cotton tree shook with the impact of something slamming into its trunk .
a bit of silver was embedded deep in the trunk .
nate slapped the trunk with his palm .
nate pointed his shotgun to a tree with a coiled and spiraled trunk .
it had to tower at least thirty stories high , its white - barked trunk ten yards in diameter .
small clusters of hutlike dwellings rested atop thicker branches or nestled against the trunk .
was there a tunnel winding through the trunk ?
struggling under the weight of her twin brother , kelly entered the dark opening in the massive trunk of the tree .
the space , spherical in shape , had to be thirty yards across , a titanic bubble in the wood , half protruding out of the main trunk .
she pointed her weapon toward the lower trunk of the tree , where the roots rode up into the main body .
up the trunk , the bark of the tree bubbled out into thick galls , each a yard across .
at last , she stumbled out of the tree 's trunk and into the open glade .
they reached the thick , knobbed roots , and kelly guided them between the woody columns to the open cavity in the trunk .
nate studied the flow channels in the wood , the tubules of xylem and phloem that moved water and nutrients up and down the trunk .
it had formed naturally , like the tubules found inside the stems and trunk of an ant tree , an evolutionary adaptation .
they started passing openings through the tree 's trunk to the outside .
he began to wind counterclockwise around the trunk .
nate leaned against the trunk .
something hit the trunk of the tree just over his head and bounced into the flanking root .
still ringing with anger , nate flew around the tree and spotted zane fleeing along the base of the trunk , toward a tangle of roots .
at the tree , two small steel drums were being rolled out of the trunk 's tunnel .
after the valley had been secured , men with axes and awls had hiked up inside the tree , set deep taps into the trunk , and drained large quantities of the priceless sap .
against the white bark of the trunk , the rangers ' remaining nine minibombs appeared like flat black eyes peering toward them .
both men glanced toward the tunnel in the trunk .
around the glade , the other indians were being untied , but nate focused on the booby - trapped tree with its nine napalm bombs chained around its trunk .
he again remembered his comparison of the ban - ali symbol to the serpentine tunnel through the yagga 's trunk .
the tunnel through the yagga 's trunk is not manmade , but a natural construct .
luckily the swift current cast most of the large pieces of trunk and branch beyond their perch .
` ` look at the sand near the trunk . ''
the hound bounded about the trunk , excited , tongue lolling , but he obeyed and stopped his bawling .
sliding back behind the oak 's trunk , jack knelt beside burt .
he dropped to a knee , taking shelter behind the trunk of a tree .
he placed it on the top of the trunk .
with the prizes in hand , she placed the sedan 's fob on the trunk and backed to the curb , well out of the reach of claude 's guards .
with a deep breath , he jumped as high as he could , straddling his arms around the trunk , hitching his feet up on it .
the attacker 's arm felt like a tree trunk , strangling her breathing .
according to the municipal map , the main trunk empties into the river , not far from cathedral island . ''
it was cut from the rock , but the staircase circled around a center pillar of steel as thick as a tree 's trunk .
some were latched onto trunks and vines .
he cracked the shell against the trunk .
the researcher had one arm hooked around the trunk .
monk went to smash it against a tree trunk , but graff waved his good arm .
but the remainder of the jungle was a dense tangle of grappling vines , heavy leaves , thorny bushes , root - choked trunks , and sopping mud .
it posed with raised trunk and curved tusks amid a field of dry grass .
they were crossing a dense birch forest , whose white - barked trunks looked like dried bone .
monk hit the trunk of a larch tree broadside and crumpled to its base .
holding the panama hat atop his head , gray leaped to the trunk of the taxi ahead and fled across the top of it toward the festival .
the fuzzy green carpet covered rocky outcroppings and climbed up the white trunks of birches , as if trying to drag them beneath the earth .
unfortunately , there were no oars , so monk had fashioned a long pole out of the trunk of a sapling .
with sharpened branches , they stabbed african bush babies out of holes in trunks .
their trunks were gnarled , their branches still encrusted with dry brown leaves .
a lightning - struck dead oak with a hollowed - out trunk .
before the strike , she had the major phone and communication trunks severed .
she slumped down the trunk of the tree and crouched into a ball .
its trunk grew out from the mainland and burst forth with sixteen fronds , all circled by a crescent - shaped breakwater .
to gray 's left , the giant trunk of the artificial palm - shaped island stretched two kilometers to shore , sparkling in the night with hotels and residences , divided by an eight - lane motorway .
the boat hit the thick trunk , shot into the air , and flipped upside down before crashing hard into the water .
the spinner ended up embedding its whirring self into the trunk of an oak , becoming stuck .
he was so used to having the muscles in his trunk to hold himself up that every time he began to fall , it was a little surprising .
all that would be left would be ash and the burned trunks of some of the larger pines .
then a veil of movement caught his eye , wafting around the trunk as if on a slight breeze - but there was no wind down here .
something large sprang off the trunk of the neighboring fossilized pillar .
but closer at hand , the handful of petrified tree trunks that they had previously traveled past became a virtual stone forest ahead .
the specimens found here dwarfed the largest redwoods , but instead of being merely trunks , the trees in this gargantuan cavern were perfect stone replicas , including intact branches and tinier stems , weaving an arched , leafless canopy overhead .
on the far side , hammocks hung from between the trunks of trees , tented with mosquito netting .
their faces had short proboscises , like dwarf trunks of an elephant .
as her eyes adjusted , she spotted shelves of fungi , softly aglow , sprouting along the trunks of trees .
he pointed to a hive growing on the far side of that trunk .
the sunlight waned down to a persistent emerald twilight , while the fungi growing along the trunks seemed brighter .
` ` it carries the main trunk cables from the transmission towers on the roof to the processing levels down in the forties .
he went down deeper , dropping beneath the canopy to where massive tree trunks rose like buildings from the floor below .
his eyes fixed on the proximity sensor array , his hands moved fast , and the ship ducked among the huge , black trunks .
the proximity alarm blared , and he threw the ship hard to the right , a massive trunk skinning by the falcon close enough to touch .
the bothan stumbled over a thick root and crashed into the trunk of a massive tree .
these trees ... he 'd never seen pines so tall , and with little in the way of undergrowth to contend with , moving between the massive trunks was easy - a forest with breathing room .
the man stood ten feet away beside the trunk of a giant pine , dressed in dark clothes and a black baseball cap .
he leaned back against the trunk of what he hoped was the last tree he would ever have to sleep in .
soon , he is dressed and comfortable , leaning back against the trunk of the tree with his hands held out to the fire .
two - hundred - foot giants with straight , thin trunks and narrow crowns .
when his legs became tired , he sat down against the trunk of a pine tree .
several times they crouched or fell flat or hid behind tree trunks as bracken sensed creatures in the area .
even the trunks of the trees displayed unusual colors , ranging from lava red to sparkling gold to midnight black .
the leprechaun scampered to the base of the tree and scaled the trunk .
bubda asked , pointing at the trunk .
tucking his head and scrunching up his limbs , he suddenly looked uncannily like a wooden trunk .
another landed near dougan , antlers lowered , and he sprang aside , putting the trunk of a tree between himself and the cruel prongs .
the tree beside kendra had no reachable branches , so she scooted to the far side of the trunk .
a blinding bolt of lightning hit the top of a tree farther down the hill , splitting the trunk in a dazzling shower of sparks .
` ` down , '' trask said , kneeling beside a trunk , crossbow held ready .
lightning flashed and a trunk off to one side burst asunder .
like patton had done , seth advanced hand over hand toward the trunk of the tree .
a nail projected from the tortured trunk .
kendra held tightly to the pebble as tall trunks sped by on either side .
that was the first time kendra noticed the nail near the base of the trunk .
a few yards from the trunk , lena shoved seth away .
the trunk of the hideous tree bent slightly .
slowly , arduously , lena 's outstretched hand strained toward the trunk until the stone came into contact with the nail .
lena lay facedown and motionless at the base of the trunk .
he tore down huge limbs , and was soon pounding his fists against the sturdy trunk .
groaning and growling , he seized the trunk in a terrible embrace , twisting and wrenching and wrestling until the bole began to split .
when they reached a dead tree leaning against a cliff , without using his hands , hugo raced up the rotten trunk like a ramp .
instead of vague , shadowy trunks , the harsh light revealed the color and texture of the bark .
she had not traveled six steps before mendigo slammed into her from behind , tackling her near the trunk of a peach tree .
the imps sprang from the trunk and scurried out of sight .
fragments of timber and ivy whistled in all directions , clattering against the trunks of trees and slashing through the undergrowth .
they cruised low to the ground , skimming over bushes , dodging tree trunks , and swishing past branches .
she forced herself to move , though lifting her limbs was like trying to budge fallen tree trunks .
a trunk .
she leaned back against jasnah 's trunk .
at least here , huddled by the trunk , she did n't have to feel the wind so much .
i have a trunk .
they hitched up the chulls , the slaver got directions to her trunk , and they started moving without further objection .
vines and rockbuds wound around trunks of small trees that had gained a foothold in cracks between plates of the animal 's shell .
` ` mmm ... '' pattern moved onto the side of the trunk , then shrank down to be the size of her thumbnail .
jella trees here rose high , their hardened trunks colored the light brown of crem .
mraize 's note had instructed her to come at sunrise and search the hole in the tree trunk for her instructions .
` ` actually , i ' m wondering how the trunk of a stumpweight tree got here , '' she confessed .
when we escaped from rosa , we had to stay close , huddled together behind trash bins or against tree trunks .
i could see a hint of the river in front of us , and micah took in a breath as he stopped behind a tree trunk .
i ducked out from behind the trunk just in time to see harc officers step off the road and head straight in our direction .
the tree he pushed me toward had a trunk covered with thorns and tiny , sharp twigs .
i turned to see rabbit looking incredibly young and vulnerable as he leaned against a tree trunk like he needed its support .
icarus motioned a hand toward the yawning trunk .
the instant my feet hit the inside of the trunk , the bottom gave way and blue shadows swallowed me down a long , cold throat .
if you looked out through these areas , toward the ocean , all you saw was the black water , the gray of the cypress trunks , and the constant , motionless rain of moss flowing down .
( 3 ) red ` ` tree '' mushrooms with huge caps and strong , thick ` ` trunks '' or stems - these can grow up to eighty feet high and are much more resistant to storms and high winds than other kinds of mushrooms .
like a cross section of tree trunk .
the dark leaves , the mottled trunks , the deep green shadows reflected on the windows of our house , as of some preternatural presence .
it petered out into bushes and pine needles and the thick trunks of trees , the bark scaly and dark .
he turned then , his hand on a tree trunk for support - a shadow framed by a greater gloom - and i 'll never forget what he said .
i looked up , the long trunks of trees reaching toward a kaleidoscope of wheeling , dimly light - spackled upper branches , amid a welter of leaves .
she might as well have been a shrub or a tree or a tree trunk .
this drama took place in a leafy alcove while storks flew against the rapidly darkening sky and moth wings muttered on mottled tree trunks , the world in constant rebellious motion against the stark silence within the coffin .
they stood gaping at that spear stuck quivering in the air as if in the trunk of a tree .
the tree 's trunk was much larger than uncle beldin 's tower , its branches reached hundreds of feet into the air , and its lateral limbs shaded whole acres .
i walked quite resolutely toward that vast , gnarled trunk .
i spent my days on my favorite perch with my skinny legs stretched out on the huge limb and my back against the massive trunk .
the trunk was huge , and flashes of lightning seethed beneath its skin , illuminating ghastly details with their surging flickers .
then she was only an outline , and sparhawk could clearly see the trunk of the tree behind her .
the tree - limb did not so much break off from the trunk as it did split at its base and peel down the side of the tree .
kalten 's shriek was strangled as his breath whooshed out , and the noise that came from his back was very loud , much like the sound which might come from a tree trunk being snapped in two .
there were many cooking - fires around the base of the hill , and their smoke laid a kind of blue haze out among the white tree trunks .
it was still very early and a filmy morning mist drifted ghost - like among the trees , softening the dark outlines of their trunks .
at some time in the not too distant past an avalanche had cut a swath through the thicket and had piled a jumble of limbs and broken trunks against the face of a steep rock cliff .
beldin came soaring through the sun - dappled forest , avoiding tree trunks with deft shifts of his wings .
there was a grove of aspens on the far side , their trunks the color of new snow .
they crept among the fog - dimmed tree trunks with the smell of the hound growing stronger in their nostrils .
their sail - like ears swayed as they walked , and their pendulous trunks drooped down before them .
occasionally , one of them would curl his trunk up , touching it to his forehead , and give vent to a shattering trumpet sound .
they pounded on up the road as a sullen dusk settled into the surrounding foothills and deep shadows began to gather about the trunks of the evergreens .
clots of fungus lay in gross profusion about the trunks of long - dead trees and matted - down weeds struggled up through ashy soil toward a sunless sky .
his bare arms and legs were like tree trunks , and his muscles knotted and rippled whenever he moved .
` ` i wo n't be too long , '' silk said , turning his horse and riding off through the white trunks of the birches .
the light dusting on the ground beneath the firs became a covering , and the dimness that had hovered among the dark tree trunks faded as the white snow brought its peculiar , source less light .
the campsite they constructed was well back among the slender tree trunks of the thicket where the force of the wind was broken and the dense branches shed the rain like a thatched roof .
the two of them bent a half circle of the tall saplings over and tied their tips to the trunks of other trees to form a dome like framework of considerable size .
the rain had soaked down the forest , and collecting dry firewood was difficult , but garion drew upon the experience he had gained during the quest for the orb to seek out those sheltered hollows under fallen trees , the spots on the leeward sides of large tree trunks and the brush - choked areas under overhanging rocks where dry twigs and branches could be found .
when he reached the far side , he located a large tree trunk and went around behind it .
then eriond stepped out from behind a tree trunk and walked out into the center of the clearing as calmly as if he were merely taking a midmorning stroll .
the persistent drizzle joined with a morning mist rising from the forest floor to form a kind of damp , gray cloud enveloping the dark trunks of fir and spruce .
queen xantha , with her red - haired daughter xera at her side , emerged from one of the hollows in the vast trunk and greeted them as they dismounted .
gray - green moss hung in streamers from the trees , and ropy vines crawled up their trunks like thick - bodied serpents .
the trees loomed higher , and their trunks grew thicker .
ce'nedra , eriond , toth , and velvet sat in a little hollow behind the moss - covered trunk of a fallen tree .
the demon looked at the priestess standing safely within the flaming circle of her protective symbols and then , with the still - boiling water surging around his vast trunk , he turned and started toward polgara .
they were gnarled into fantastic shapes , and their limbs seemed almost to writhe up and out from their massy trunks , reaching toward the sunless sky .
and as he looked around , the distorted semblances of human faces deeply indented in the surrounding tree trunks seemed to move in the flickering light , silently howling at the hated fire .
he saw the woods beyond , with the white trunks of the birch trees standing out among the dark green cedars , and he saw the stream .
dras bull - neck was like a tree trunk .
the tree stood in solitary immensity in the middle of a broad meadow , its trunk larger than a house , its wide - spread branches shading entire acres , and its crown rising hundreds of feet into the air .
errand slid down off the horse 's back and walked across the soft , springy turf toward the immense trunk .
a sizzling bolt of lightning as thick as the trunk of a mighty tree crashed to earth with a deafening thunderclap that shook the ground for miles in every direction .
` ` i 'd like to have the area around these tree trunks opened up to a depth of about two feet . ''
the resinous smell of the tall evergreens was a heady perfume , and birds swooped and spiraled among the tall , columnlike trunks , caroling to greet the sun .
garion sat on a mossy hummock with his back resting comfortably against a tree trunk .
an errant butterfly , its patterned wings a blaze of iridescent blue and gold , flitted out from among the tall tree trunks into the sunlight .
he 's got arms like tree trunks , but he ca n't talk .
he tried to shift his position , but he was wedged in between the trunks of two scrubby trees .
with a great cracking noise , the idol broke at the waist , and the vast upper trunk toppled backwards to smash into a million pieces on the polished black floor .
as they rode deeper into the chill wood , sparhawk began to smell smoke and he soon saw a dark pall lying low among the stark white tree - trunks .
the just - risen sun streamed golden into the leafless wood , slanting between the dark trunks and touching fire into the dewdrops collected like strings of beads along the stems of the grass about his feet .
` ` it looks to me like it was made out of a single tree trunk . ''
he looked around and saw a patch of green moss growing on a tree trunk about fifty paces on up the hill .
it took quite a bit of effort to pull his arrows out of the tree trunk , and he broke two of them in the process .
for some reason , they 'd seen fit to put a large tree trunk in the center .
early one morning , before the sun rose and while the trees were still hazy and half obscured by ground fog , several shadowy shapes drifted among the dark trunks and stopped not far away .
the undergrowth was scanty , and the tall , straight trunks of fir and pine rose like great columns toward the blue sky overhead .
a brief summer shower rolled in one afternoon , accompanied by great , ripping crashes of thunder , a deluge of pounding rain , and winds that howled among the trees , bending and tossing them and tearing leaves and twigs from the underbrush to whirl and fly among the dark trunks .
he had a great cluster of shoulders at the top of his trunk , and a nest of long , scaly arms that writhed out in all directions like snakes , each arm terminating in a widespread , many - clawed hand .
to ce'nedra 's eyes , the stark , white trunks looked almost corpselike , and the entire forest had a gloomy , unhealthy quality about it .
they pushed their horses into a gallop , weaving in and out among the tree trunks .
garion pointed toward a patch of brown water intermittently visible among the white tree trunks .
they pushed their reluctant horses into the murky water and began to splash along , changing direction frequently , weaving in and out among the dead tree trunks .
his hind paws came up to rake furiously on mandorallen 's armored trunk .
garion dropped to his knees and wormed his way through the thick brush until he reached the edge of the thicket ; then he sank down on the leaves covering the ground to peer out between the gnarled and stumpy trunks .
` ` he 's very old , '' ce'nedra said , putting her cheek fondly against the tree trunk , ` ` and he speaks strangely - but he likes me . ''
his legs were bowed and gnarled like oak trunks .
the sky was gray ; the snow was a flat , dead white ; and the tree trunks were starkly black .
back among the dark tree trunks , he had caught a few glimpses of furtive movements .
lelldorin stopped to pull the arrow he had just shot from a tree trunk .
` ` there are n't so many trees , '' garion answered , looking over the wall at the dark trunks marching off in the fog .
strong turrets surmounted by battlements stood at each corner , and the gate which opened into the central courtyard of the house was made of whole tree trunks , squared off and strapped together with iron bands .
he carefully began climbing down the slippery tree trunk .
here and there in its mossy trunk were openings almost like caverns , and its lower limbs were as broad as highways and they spread out to shade nearly the entire clearing .
great , gnarled roots twisted up out of the ooze along the banks like grotesquely misshapen legs , and trunks vast as castles reached up into the steaming sky .
it was shadowy among the dark tree trunks , and bitingly cold .
its brass frame was fashioned like a tree trunk , with elegant branches arching into sidearms on either end .
inside a trunk i found two false hands cuffed with lace and attached to strong , nearly visible threads along with a filmy white material resembling a shroud .
once they were free , i hurriedly put my shirt on , making sure to stay ducked down so they would n't see my arms come up over the branch and the part of the trunk that kept us hidden .
bottles were flying into the trees and smashing into pieces as they hit branches or trunks .
he stood up next to me and grabbed the same branch , towering over me and blocking my way to the tree 's trunk where i could climb down .
i reached a large tree and stood behind it , climbing up a little on its knobby roots so i could get higher and look through a space in the trunk where a natural oval - shaped hole had formed .
as soon as we got to one of the huge tree branches that overhung the wall , i grabbed it and stood up , using the branch to keep myself steady as i moved towards the tree 's trunk .
i 'd found a limb i could sit on while resting my back against the trunk , but it was n't comfortable enough to make it a good spot for longer than a couple hours , max .
i prayed they were n't making a meal out of buster as we climbed down to the top of the wall , hiding behind the trunk of the tree .
i stayed hidden behind the tree trunk that was effectively keeping me out of the view of anyone near the back door of the house .
i slowly lowered myself out of the branches , keeping my body as close to the trunk as possible , trying to blend in with its form .
to our left and right were big waterways , some of them flowing and some of them still , dotted with large sections of treed areas , the edges made up of huge roots that looked like elephant trunks , growing right down into the water .
bodies were coming out of everywhere , formerly hidden behind trees and clumps of rotted trunks and moss .
` ` i do n't see anything but tree trunks , branches , and leaves . ''
after passing a pillow - like wall of cloud , they came upon a circle of wooden stumps , about ten in all , looking as if their trunks had just been chopped and felled .
sera 's head whacked the trunk of a tree right at the end of her roll , a perfect ending .
then he gripped one end of the device , reached back , and slammed it into the trunk of the closest tree .
with all his strength , throwing his hatred for the woman into every single strike , he pummeled the trunk over and over , until he heard a crack , then a bigger crack , then a metallic splintering , followed by more cracks .
he made it to the oak tree where the stranger had been hiding , ran his hand along its rough bark as he rounded the trunk , straining to see anything in the forest beyond .
here thick black trunks crowded close together while twisted branches wove a dense canopy overhead and misshappen roots wrestled beneath the soil .
a face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree , its features long and melancholy , the deep - cut eyes red with dried sap and strangely watchful .
tyrion curled up in his fur with his back against the trunk , took a sip of the wine , and began to read about the properties of dragonbone .
for half a moon , they rode through the forest of qohor , where the leaves made a golden canopy high above them , and the trunks of the trees were as wide as city gates .
he was well over seven feet tall , closer to eight , with massive shoulders and arms thick as the trunks of small trees .
the wide smooth trunks were bone pale , and nine faces stared inward .
the deep red eyes carved into the pale trunk still watched him , yet somehow he took comfort from that now .
as he tumbled down into the cold ashes , his lion helm askew , shagga snapped the man 's sword in two over a knee thick as a tree trunk , threw down the pieces , and lumbered into the common room .
over the carcass of the horse , they built a platform of hewn logs ; trunks of smaller trees and limbs from the greater , and the thickest straightest branches they could find .
she wrapped her arms around the trunk and pressed her face to the rough wood .
it was the biggest tree jon snow had ever seen , the trunk near eight feet wide , the branches spreading so far that the entire village was shaded beneath their canopy .
thoren smallwood dismounted beside the trunk , dark in his plate and mail .
lightfoot , her toes curled tight around the branch , she walked a few feet , hopped down to a larger limb , then swung hand over hand through the tangle of leaves until she reached the trunk .
he rolled clumsily and pushed and squirmed backward , using the strength of his arms , until he was sitting with his back to the trunk of a tall ash .
she screamed , and her brother scrambled up the trunk of the weirwood , using the face for his handholds .
they were not squirrels , nor the cubs of men , they could not wriggle up the trunks of trees , clinging with soft pink paws and clumsy feet .
the smell of fear made his heart thunder and slaver ran from his jaws , and he reached the falling tree in stride and threw himself up the trunk , claws scrabbling at the bark for purchase .
the trunk narrowed under him , the slope steeper , almost straight up , and wet .
arya stared at the face carved into its trunk .
their throwing arms were made from the trunks of old oaks , and banded with iron to keep them from splitting .
dontos swayed as he spoke , one hand on the trunk of a chestnut tree .
wary , he circled the smooth white trunk until he came to the face .
it will be good to feel warm again , if only for a little while , he told himself while he hacked bare branches from the trunk of a dead tree .
osha gazed up at the weirwood , at the red face carved in the pale trunk .
smaller streams fed into the greater , and the rotting trunks of drowned trees clung to the banks .
the lower limbs of the oak were big enough for her to stand upon once she 'd gotten up the trunk .
the island was densely wooded , a tangle of willows , oaks , and tall pines that cast deep shadows across the rushing water , hiding snags and the rotted trunks of drowned trees .
his shaft went hissing past her head within an inch of her ear and buried itself in the trunk of the willow behind her .
see how the moss is growing on the trunk ? ''
chapter twenty - one jaime two days ' ride to either side of the kingsroad , they passed through a wide swath of destruction , miles of blackened fields and orchards where the trunks of dead trees jutted into the air like archers ' stakes .
he had found a sentinel tree that leaned against the wall , and led his men up the trunk to get a quicker start .
she pushed him back against the trunk of a tree and kissed him , full on the lips right there in the midst of the ragged column .
the face carved into the bone pale trunk was long and sad ; red tears of dried sap leaked from its eyes .
she had tried to help them by scratching her name on the trunks of trees when she went in the bushes to make water , but the fourth time she did it he caught her , and that was the end of that .
but the second man managed to give the trunk a hard shove , just enough to deflect it away from them .
the crude rampart enclosed the two things most worth defending ; the gate to the north , and the foot of the great wooden switchback stair that clawed and climbed its way up the face of the wall like a drunken thunderbolt , supported by wooden beams as big as tree trunks driven deep into the ice .
more giants loped beside them , pushing along a tree trunk on great wooden wheels , its end sharpened to a point .
one of the mammoths was running berserk , smashing wildlings with his trunk and crushing archers underfoot .
he saw a mammoth pluck a knight from his saddle and fling him forty feet with a flick of its trunk .
instead of trying to get back up he crawled weakly under a tree , and leaned up against the trunk .
ivy crawled up the trunks of ancient oaks , and even the acorns had been done with loving care .
ahead loomed the sacred shore of old wyk and the grassy hill above it , where the ribs of nagga rose from the earth like the trunks of great white trees , as wide around as a dromond 's mast and twice as tall .
on the crown of the hill four - and - forty monstrous stone ribs rose from the earth like the trunks of great pale trees .
in their midst was a pale stranger ; a slender young weirwood with a trunk as white as a cloistered maid .
between them sat a rolling ram ; a tree trunk with a fire - hardened point suspended on chains beneath a wooden roof .
he swung beneath the limb of a dead tree whose blackened trunk still bore the scars of the lightning that had killed it .
she was stretched out on the ground , her back against a tree trunk .
the carved face on its trunk was grown over by the same purple moss that hung heavy from the tree 's pale limbs .
varamyr could see the weirwood 's red eyes staring down at him from the white trunk .
viserion 's tail lashed sideways , thumping the trunk of the tree so hard that a pear came tumbling down to land at dany 's feet .
the beast began to move , trunk swaying from side to side .
arch was six - and - a - half - feet tall , broad of shoulder , huge of belly , with legs like tree trunks , hands the size of hams , and no neck to speak of .
four giants were among them , massive hairy creatures with sloped shoulders , legs as large as tree trunks , and huge splayed feet .
a solemn mouth , a broken branch for a nose , two eyes carved deep into the trunk , gazing north up the kingsroad , toward the castle and the wall .
its roots were as thick around as a man 's waist , its trunk so wide that the face carved into it looked fat and angry .
ahead he glimpsed a pale white trunk that could only be a weirwood , crowned with a head of dark red leaves .
fallen leaves lay about the wide white trunk in drifts of red and brown .
faded and stained , torn and mended , their banners and surcoats still made a riot of colors amidst the winter wood - azure and orange , red and green , purple and blue and gold , glimmering amongst bare brown trunks , grey - green pines and sentinels , drifts of dirty snow .
and for one strange moment it seemed as if it were bran 's face carved into the pale trunk of the weirwood , staring down at him with eyes red and wise and sad .
its gnarled roots twisted in and out of the earth like a nest of slow brown serpents , and hundreds of old copper pennies had been nailed to its huge trunk .
a film of ice had formed upon the pool beneath the heart tree , and the face carved into its pale trunk had grown a mustache of little icicles .
at first levana thought it was meant to be the wild , desolate surface of luna outside of the biodomes , but then she noticed the black trunks of leafless trees and , somewhere near the baby 's ankles , stark red mittens lying abandoned in the snow , the likes of which levana had only seen in children 's stories .
i look , and then i see him , a lighter human - shaped shadow between the dark trunks .
another felt the trunk and said an elephant must look like a tree branch .
he 's barking round the tree and the squirrel 's skittering back and forth on the tree trunk , taunting him .
i pick one off the trunk and take a bite , the juice dribbling down my chin .
little prickly firs grow out of every crevice and yellow vines with thorns wrapping themselves around the firs ' trunks and you can see and hear yellow razor lizards hissing at us as we pass .
francia nods and takes me over to ivan , who looks about ben 's age , but short , dark - haired and arms like effing tree trunks .
manchee suddenly barks and tears around the trunk of a needly tree and into a mess of ferns beyond .
from the other hut , there 's silence , the aching silence of women , i can feel it even from here , men in one hut , women in another , which i guess is one way of solving the problem of sleeping , and the touch of the silence from the women 's side makes me think of viola and i have to keep my balance against a tree trunk for a minute .
i lurch my way towards the riverbank , using tree trunks to keep me upright , till i make it to the dock .
he 's crouched down behind leafy greenery , hand against a tree trunk , watching me come to him , watching me run across the bridge , and as i near him , his face relaxes and his noise opens up as wide as his arms and i ' m flying into 'em both , leaping off the bridge and into the bushes and nearly knocking him over and my heart is busting open and my noise is as bright as the whole blue sky and- and everything 's gon na be all right .
he 's ridden deadfall / acorn over to a tree trunk , near where we ' ve stopped across the road from the blown - out storefront .
we get over to davy , who 's pointing at a bunch of light - coloured splinters sticking straight outta the tree trunk .
something 's been drawn onto the trunk underneath .
a single letter , smeared on the trunk in blue .
` ` they ' ve left the mark , tho , '' mr . hammar says , pointing at the trunk of a large tree at the edge of the clearing .
the evergreens have kept their needles but dropped their cones and the reachers have pulled their branches tight into their trunks , leaving na**d poles to sit out the cold .
it 's like smacking a tree trunk .
it reminded harris of tree trunks he had seen where bears mark their territory , only these marks were etched in flesh instead of wood .
they maneuvered around the tangled debris left piled behind the spring flood - mounded stones , tangled branches , and even entire trees , their sun - bleached trunks as smooth as glass from the beating of water and stone .
a few gnarled branches extended from the warped trunk , each capped with a scruffy tuft of needles .
the spring floods had tossed the trunk of a large cottonwood against the cut bank , creating a natural windbreak .
glass scooped a shallow pit in the sand next to the trunk .
the river had left little of the cottonwood beyond the trunk .
the upturned roots spread out in a perpendicular arc from the thick base of the trunk , creating a windbreak in two directions .
he saw a flat surface on the trunk and thrust his pole forward .
he circled the tree , then stretched his tawny body up the trunk , sinking his claws deep into the bark .
it was hard enough to navigate through the wash with a small army of flying death on your tail without worrying about j.lo getting smacked against some tree trunk .
` ` y ' wan na deal with someone , you deal with- '' gorg 's great trunk of an arm swung fast and wide , and struck the chief in the head .
jack grasped the trunk in a tight embrace , and climbed up slowly , inch by inch , by pushing his bare feet against the trunk .
jack grasped the trunk in a tight embrace , and climbed up slowly , inch by inch , by pushing his bare feet against the trunk .
yes sir , just a few moments more jack replied , the trunk has become slippery due to rains .
his feet slipped , lost contact with the trunk , and he remained hanging from the branch with the fingers on both his hands locked against each other and his feet hanging two meters above the ground .
devil grasped the trunk , climbed up fast , and started plucking apples .
jack got up , marked an imaginary cross on the trunk with his finger and then taking out the silver crucifix from his pocket , he stuck it on the tree - trunk .
jack got up , marked an imaginary cross on the trunk with his finger and then taking out the silver crucifix from his pocket , he stuck it on the tree - trunk .
several roots had touched the ground and have become huge trunks themselves .
the tree was standing on so many trunks , that it was difficult to determine which the main trunk was .
the tree was standing on so many trunks , that it was difficult to determine which the main trunk was .
the main trunk has been eaten away by termites .
it struck the trunk of a distant pine tree , with a loud noise .
she must have left it sitting on the trunk of the car .
i sat down on a near by tree trunk and started to draw , i might even blow it up onto a bigger canvas .
he slid down onto the trunk of the car and stood up , facing the black truck that was still trailing them .
he pressed his other hand against the trunk of the tree next to her and closed his eyes .
she watched as the trunk of the tree shrank in diameter until it was no more than half the width it had been .
she walked over to the nearest dead tree and rested her hand on the blackened trunk .
haven stepped closer to the trunk and looked up at the bare branches above .
its knurled roots twisted out from the base of its crooked trunk and dipped into the water .
whip - like branches sprouted from the top of the trunk like a sad crown , cascading outward and down to brush the ground like a hundred gentle fingertips .
the trunk angled out over the pond so that one - half of the branches lightly brushed the surface of the water .
elena rested against its trunk , propped up by marius after he carried her in from the dome .
elena closed her eyes and rested her head against the trunk of the tree .
elena smiled and leaned her head back against the trunk of the tree .
the blue lights floating over the pond drifted across the water and circled the trunk of the tree .
some of the trees were rich with brilliant green leaves , but others were dead , their black trunks crooked and twisted .
the old woman sat against the trunk of the tree , her eyes closed peacefully and a faint smile on her face , as if she were in the middle of a pleasant dream .
i peered from around the thick trunk of the pine and sucked in a breath .
he sat down atop a thick fallen tree trunk .
i glanced over at my mother , who was still sitting perched against a tree trunk with a book in her hands .
he glided over to the large trunk of the willow tree and hid behind it .
the trees all had baked beneath the sun ; their heat - browned leaves were wrinkled as dry , hairless skin , and the trunks around her had bowed and contorted themselves into strange shapes as figures bent in prayer .
before her was the first earthly thing she had seena tall , gnarled oak tree , cloaked and eerie in the silvery fog , its moss - coated trunk green and ancient as the earth itself .
the vast tree seemed to look down and regard her in regal silence as she moved around its wide trunk .
like a dart , she wove in and out of the tree trunks and brambles , her paws making no sound as they flowed over the mounds of scattered dead leaves .
she watched as the black she - wolf padded away , keeping close to the trunks of the trees and skirting pools of shadow .
alanki watched them from among the shadowed roots of her pine , crouching as close to the thick trunk as she could .
alanki moved around the clustered trunks , ducking into shadows and watching with cold green eyes .
still heaving for breath , alanki crept around the close trunks ; their rough bark scratched at her pelt as she passed .
she knew betterin fact , the renegade was no doubt standing in silent wait , watching them from amongst the dark tree trunks of her forest .
a good point to always remember wolf jumps , kitten - like from the thick tree trunks , announcing fondly .
mccamy ducks left as rusk grabs the advancing fist and swings the rider # 1 flying into the near - by tree trunk , knocking him unconscious .
mccamy adjusts rusks metal arm onto his left arm for whomping the remaining riders to death as he flips his face towards amita parking her bee_hind onto the smooth wooden planks between the escape opening and hico vertical columns of red cedar tree trunks still covered in flower vines and greenery as he orders to hixson .
hixson neck snaps his skull to sitting kodare lounging inside the pine wooden high back chair behind the wide wall of red cedar tree trunks , raising his fist to kodare while kodare ignores the vile gesture .
then vovina charges like a rhino wrapping bloody finger pads around amitas leg as they swiftly tumble and painfully land on the planks like a falling tree trunk .
vovina slams her body into the vertical cedar thick tree trunk avoiding amitas kick with the leather boot , pumping folded fists into the air at amitas face , striking cheekbones .
hixson pops kodares jaw with a left hook as kodare glides towards the cedar wall of tree trunks while new rider wears a bite - nats mask of fox attacks hixson with twin flash blades .
i lovingly bulls eye the center of the tree trunk precisely in the middle of cloth blue flag , snorting like a wild boar .
i see purple , pink , orange , and yellow wild flowers ; oak , maple , pine tall trees ; robins , bluebirds , sparrows , eagles sit and fly , while wood peckers hammer out an old dead tree trunk for a new home along with the snoozing owls , flying squirrels , and a few cute white tail deer .
i smash the rubber lid on the top , eye burning the plot of many , many dead trees , dead bushes , and dead grass , standing and trotting to the nearest dead tree trunk .
he pulls me into his chest and smiles with a biggy grin then drops my boots onto the smooth grass , leaving me standing alone and cold as he turns soldierly towards the rear end of the tractor , flipping the small metal compartment and lifts a single an orange cheap vinyl patio pool folded at the silver metal struts lounge chair from the trunk of the tractor , smiling and asking .
i swing around at his swaying him and eye gleam the 100 - year - old tree trunk decorating the west wall from the shattered sunlight glass of the rooftop , then plot - a - plan to teleport my body safely onto the tree overhang then escape through the wide opening .
so , i open my eyelashes and swiftly gallop along the carpet like a race horse to the tree bark , tossing my shoes behind me for climbing the trunk .
i swing my body up into the tree trunk , pouncing onto the bark , and crawls on six ( palms , kneecaps and naked toe bones ) up towards the black skyline then over the broken glass as i stand and reach with extended arms and wiggling finger pads for the next tree branch to escape .
i flop my squatted body down onto the thin tree branch , covering my skull with my single arm and hand from the wickedly firework explosion , tilting my body left as i recover from the drop and balance my body center of the tree trunk .
i tilt toward the right slightly then lose my balance on the narrow trunk , twirling in a vertical flight like a jet fighter without angel shielding ( do nt know how to shield ) bracing my entire 120 pound body with my left arm .
miss bertha ... , tina names while she stares at the different sizes and heights of flaming lighted wax candles in their hands creating a ghostly effect on the fading sunset in the west which casts dark shadows onto the trunks of the tall maple and oak trees .
he suddenly stops strumming with his finger pads when the words begins again then straightens his spinal cord like a tree trunk and slowly slides his toe bones across the soft wood , jiggling sexy his hips side to side , smiling with a toothy grin while he pretty much shows - off his cool moves for her as she stares with a set of dead pan straight pin lips .
drake enjoys watching her sexy dance performance then shifts his bare feet in front of mella adding his unique touch of cool hip flinging to her brilliant routine as they dance to the steady beat of the rock and roll song as the tune whines into the finale encore , drake uprights his body like tree trunk then gently touches her right shoulder .
tilly violently struggles against the two pairs of hands , wrapping around her upper body as she batters rapidly her bare feet at two human tree trunks .
in the corner of her eye zoey saw simon dive under a fallen tree trunk .
the creature turned slowly towards her , raising itself on two massive legs the size of tree trunks .
the trees were tall and curved with roots like knees that grew out from the trunk above the high water level .
behind her , an old dresser mirror was nailed to the trunk of a great tree .
although their bark glistened in the sun like precious jewels , their trunks were twisted together in a giant mass that blocked the path for miles .
its trunks drew apart slowly , like tall drapes , until a section began to open up .
zoey stepped through the gap between the trunks and popped out to the other side .
onetwo her heart hammered against her chest as she jumped over a tree trunk , careful not to trip , and kept running .
it happened to be a tree , and the force of my fist split the trunk .
we tied our horses to the decaying trunk of an old pinion pine and scouted around the area but could see no tracks or signs of anyone .
then take turns and shimmy down the trunk like you would a pole until you reach the bottom .
zack told katie to go first , and she grabbed tightly hugging the trunk and slowly worked her way down to my waiting arms .
sticking out of the hole i had fallen into was the tree trunk zack and katie had dropped in to make their way down to rescue me .
if we escaped through the hole above and removed the tree trunk and filled the hole over , they were stuck with no way out .
katie was the first one up the tree trunk we used for our ladder , and zack was soon to follow .
sam neared and saw that the front of the car was caved in around the trunk of a thick oak tree .
nathaniel rested his palm on the trunk of the tree and allowed what he had accidentally taken to flow back through the bark .
he patted the trunk and moved to the center of the temple .
he placed his palm against the trunk of a blackened , withered tree as he passed , remembering it was the tree that gave its life to save havens .
farther down the line were the living trees , their healthy branches blooming with vibrant leaves , their trunks a pleasant brown .
dickens would have hit him on the chest if eric had nt managed to raise his sword and block his trunk .
there was less mould on the tree trunks , and the bark seemed to glisten in rich shades of brown , ochre , and amber .
she crossed the bridge of roots and mulch , ducking between the serpentine tree trunks .
then he , chello , nevi , and arkon would start climbing up the tree , keeping to the far side of the trunk until they were hidden in the branches .
it was tricky climbing with the flyer strapped to his back , and he picked his way carefully up the trunk and through the branches to avoid being seen .
they came to a stop near the trunk of an enormous evergreen , which was nt surprising as the trees were growing so thick that barely any sunlight found its way down to the forest floor .
the path wove tightly around the trees , oftentimes circling the massive tree trunks instead of just veering off in another direction .
based on the illustration , that tree will be identifiable by looking at its trunk .
on numerous occasions did they spot trees with the potential to be what they were searching for , but upon closer inspection , however , every single tree they encountered had only a single trunk .
ill put you down on the ledge on the northern side of the trunk .
both had leapt for the low lying branches and had wrapped their arms around sections of the trunk and held on as though their life depended on it , which unfortunately in this case , it did .
sitting in the fork of several large branches a fair distance from the trees base , venk leaned forward to inspect the trunk up close .
i m more inclined to think if there is an axe handle hidden in this tree , then it d be somewhere around the trunk .
athos swung his leg over and started sliding down the branch he had been sitting on , intent on bringing himself to a stop just before reaching the main trunk .
about seeing something under the base of the trunk .
both of them were able to stand up and their heads were still nowhere close to hitting the top of the merging trunks .
athos asked as he glanced at the natural cavern formed by the intersection of the two trunks .
venk silently studied the chisel marks near the entrance to the cave while athos pulled his small hammer from his belt and began to tap various discolored spots on the inside of the trunk .
venk shot his brother a nasty glare before returning his gaze to the undersides of the dual trunks .
tree , there s something up your trunk , and it athos snickered .
slowly , ever so slowly , the two trunks parted , revealing more of the strings .
as the trunks slowly peeled away from each other , it was revealed that the strings were actually the fraying ends of what was once a burlap sack .
whatever it was concealing started to become visible as the trunks slowly inched apart .
after a few moments of silence the trunks began to press themselves back together as they slowly reversed the separation they had just undertaken .
i think there might be more in that hollow between the trunks .
athos nodded and began picking his way down the tree trunk until he finally approached the tiny opening at the base of dual tree .
athos pointed up at the point where the two trunks came together .
anyway , i located a tree that looked as though it had two separate colors on its trunk .
getting down on my belly i could see that there was the tiniest of openings in the rock at the base of the two trunks .
i wedged the handle up against the trunks and once i verified that it would nt drop back down , i scrambled outside to try and intercept the encroachers before they discovered the cave under the roots .
he sat himself with his back against the trunk and his legs lying along the branch , while he casually looked around at places he could see on the ground .
he moved swiftly and quietly across to the tree and started to climb the robust trunk .
he edged his way back to the trunk of the tree and decided to climb up further to the highest secure point .
he then wrapped the robots arms around the trunk while sitting its bottom on a solid branch .
jayden placed his back firmly against the trunk of a rather large tree on the opposite side from the village .
i immediately looked away , hoping my face was nt as red as nathans trunks .
the fireballs only slammed haphazardly into tree trunks , but she had to scare them at all costs while she still possessed the weird power ; she did nt want them to come back anytime soon .
jules and frank rushed over as she stared at the splintered tree trunks .
` ` i m starting to realize that , '' luke said in a resigned voice and leaned against the trunk of her small car .
kira let her back rest against the tree trunk , watching tristan as he inched further out past the few feet of marsh , until his feet dangled over flowing water .
kira tripped on tree roots and leaned against giant trunks to stabilize herself , and she caught her breath for a moment before pounding forward again .
thunder sounded every time one of their bodies flew into a tree trunk , snapping the bark and causing the forest to wobble on its foundations .
i am pushed to the ground as easily as a blade of grass , away from the tree trunk i ve been smashing my head against .
the boy leans the gun against a tree trunk and hunkers over the steel trap .
my head bumps time against the tree trunk .
my blades slice through it , severing head from trunk .
he did nt have time to go rooting around in the trunk just then , so he swiftly made an impression of it in a bar of soap .
her eyes fell on the trunk .
she searched with her fingers for any slight indents in the trunks sides , seeking out anything that could signify the presence of interlocking segments .
she moved slowly around the trunk on her hands and knees .
now she was closer to where the swirling streams had seemed to spring from out of the deck itself , she realised its base was actually more like a tree trunk .
it was only where the trunk first sharply bent then branched off that it gradually transformed into the ever - changing patterns .
roughly dragging him forward , they securely bound him to their own trunk .
the mound of sand exploded under the impact , his imprisoning trunk firmly embedding itself upright in the ground .
the streams of energy briefly flowed aimlessly around their own trunk .
the bulging roots created a cradle between the ground and the trunk .
i tripped over a tree trunk behind me as i tumbled over .
euryale is much the same as stheno except the colors of her eyes , snake trunk and snakes in her hair are yellow and she is twice as heavy set as her sister .
before he can even hit the ground a rush of water shoots him into the forest till he hits a tree so hard the trunk cracks .
its in the trunk .
its rear end blackened and its trunk was partially smelted .
he risked a peek over the cruisers melted trunk , and saw a dwarf break cover .
he ran his fingers over the rough texture and then put his ear to the trunk and closed his eyes as if trying to hear something .
the chair the empress had sat in was now a tree trunk of the same twisted vines .
the four corners of the bed looked like tree trunks growing up into the sky .
the gargantuan oak would have taken at least thirty people going hand in hand to reach around the trunk .
the first was an ugly eel , followed by an elephant with its trunk upraised , a growling wolfhound , a wild boar , a lion , and a majestic stag .
two large black eyes and mouth snapped open on the trunk .
i point to a fallen down tree trunk .
the vines i d seen in the frozen picture were whipping and winding together building the trunk of the tree .
against the rough basalt , she resembled the ancient trunk of a loman tree , polished and elegant .
the suns rays reached down through high trunks , but they produced a green , underwater light .
suddenly he saw ithis treea taat - eh trunk about his own age .
it was slim and straight , its branches not spreading from the trunk until high above his head , possibly two , three times his own height .
yet the light here was green - gray , an early morning haze of mist tendrils entwining trunks , a clear contrast to the gold - green sunlight - streaked forest of his vision .
then he placed his hands around the trunk ... and began to climb .
he worked his way slowly up : first his feet in their loop gripping the trunk on either side , then his hands reaching up and pulling his body higher , hugging the trunk so he could reposition his feet farther up .
he worked his way slowly up : first his feet in their loop gripping the trunk on either side , then his hands reaching up and pulling his body higher , hugging the trunk so he could reposition his feet farther up .
here the trees reached higher and wider than they did on the ridge , with more space between the trunks .
the solid , fast - growing trunk , wider than he was high , soared straight out of the ground into the highest treetops .
partly hidden by two thick trunks on his left , it was growing a short distance farther down the slope , close to the edge of a small clearing .
he half ran , half bounded down the slope and slapped his hands against the trunk , the trunk of his tree !
he half ran , half bounded down the slope and slapped his hands against the trunk , the trunk of his tree !
a keen - skurs fang looking up at the trunk , kreh - ursh should have been happy ; he had his tree .
the trunk , slightly wider than his shoulders , as in his vision , stretched up above him , perfectly straight , for two or three lengths of his own body .
early next morning he approached the trunk of his tree .
on this side , the lower end of its trunk , hacked into a rough cone by many blows from his ax , lay close to its stump .
forms and shadows , like clouds , like people , flitted and drifted between the trunks around him .
wavecrafting , windcalling as soon as kreh - ursh awokemist surrounding him , a silver screen on which gray trunks were projected like stone columns in an ancient templehe sipped a few drops of his mothers potion and swallowed some berries to renew his energy .
less than a day after being tapped from the trunk , this gum set into a hard resin .
tendrils of mist curled around their trunks .
where the trunks met they formed a kind of teepee , buried under sand .
from there she could look out between cracks in the trunks .
now all jade could see was one wide blue thigh blocking a narrow crack between the trunks .
dusk rendezvous renas farts pummeled jade like a raging storm , the poisonous gas leaching down between the tree trunks .
turning her head slightly , she saw a worn screwdriver , its blade sharpened to a vicious point , quivering beside her ear like an arrow in the tree trunk .
as if to give himself the advantage , he walked straight up to the group of trunks where jade was hiding before turning to face them .
under the tree , he rests my back on the trunk .
gasping in fear that i would be attacked , i flattened myself against the tree trunk and tried to slow my breathing .
i backed up a few steps to make sure i could see the path from where i stood and then dragged the pen across the smooth tree trunk , leaving a wide purple streak that i would be able to see when i came back , but no one on the path would be able to see .
in front of me a group of tree trunks leaned against each other .
when it lurched forward , i gasped , pushing back on my elbows until my back smacked against the tree trunk .
i gasped for breath , watched while the tall silhouettes of our missing shuttle crew darted between trunks in an ever - tightening circle .
the alien blade poked through his chest and the plasma power from his weapon lifted roots from trees and nearly cut the massive trunks in two .
skylla swats at me in dismissive fashion with an arm that feels like a tree trunk .
its body reminds me of a tree trunk .
his arms looked like discarded branches off of a dead tree while his torso resembled the trunk of that selfsame tree .
garn forced her to lean back against the tree trunk and relax .
his tumbling body plunged headlong into the trunk of a highoak before falling to the leafy ground , unconscious .
he was brandishing a huge wooden cudgel , that could have easily passed for a tree trunk , up in the air threateningly .
the big man 's sword splintered its way into the tree trunk and firmly lodged itself there .
frantic , ambori saw that he was being herded directly towards the trunk of an immense highoak tree , surrounded by dense underbrush .
when they were within perhaps three strides of the tree , the bard leapt forward and planted his right foot against the trunk .
ambori leaned back against the trunk of a tree and slid to the snow .
the next thing i knew , i was tumbling across the woodsaway from sasukebefore finally smashing into the trunk of a tree .
their trunks were white , with vivid red leaves beaming on their incandescent white branches .
tabitha raised her hand , and blasted a hole through the trunk with a beam of light .
they stopped only once , when a streak of blue light danced on the trunks over their heads .
the front end of the car was crumpled around the trees trunk , which tipped slightly in its bubble , the hood folded like an accordion to the passenger - side fender .
his arms were resting on his knees with his head back against the trunk .
it was surrounded by ivy blanketing the ground below it and climbing up its trunk .
some had ivy crawling up the trunks .
the tree closest to them was tall , with a greenish - brown , smooth trunk and broad leaves that ended in a sort of ruffle , like palm leaves but different .
at last , just as the others came running to her , it jumped from her head to the tree trunk and climbed swiftly up it several feet above their heads where it stopped to stare down at them , scolding loudly .
staring at how it held the trunk , he saw it had very long , flexible fingers .
it did nt go far up the trunk though , staring at the children on the beach with wide , interested eyes .
jackson leaned out further , holding a tree trunk for support , and looked out over a wide river that cut through the trees .
as junichi dashed forward he stopped when a man landed on the trunk of the car beside him , pouncing to pin junichi down on the side of another car and deal continuous jabs into his left set of ribs .
she crashed through a curtain of low hanging braches , almost struck the olive trees trunk .
they made little sound as they passed the large trees with their white trunks , wet from the morning rain .
instead , blonde hair flew , and a gray dress flashed like a beacon against the moss - covered trunks and green leaves .
she dodged between the tree trunks , hoping to remain hidden .
its trunk was wider than i was tall .
the other guard wearing black entered the tree trunk .
i stepped into the trees trunk .
mosom fingered a small scar on a tree trunk thoughtfully .
approaching a small , low window , he begins to work at it with some tool he d grabbed from the trunk of the sedan before we d set off .
it was the perfect bonsai tree with a thick trunk and a pair of huge horizontal branches that were manicured by the master for ages .
he placed her right side up and allowed her to sit there with her back to its trunk .
dead looking trees with crooked branches and knobby trunks covered in white bark with vines looping through their limbs , stood like ancient giants in front of us .
i straightened and checked the top of the trunk and hood .
the miles flew by in a blur of trunk and rock .
the men firmly held her up on each side , and she leant against them as she might a pair of tree trunks .
rich leaned his shears up against the trunk of the tree and poked a finger in either side of his mouth .
the simpletons head lay cocked to one side on the trees trunk and his mouth could have swallowed half of the fly population in kansas .
sutton stammered to his feet and got his baton hung up in a sapling on the trunk .
noah nearly ran over jimmy as they raced around opposite sides of the trunks girth .
she wrapped her arms around his trunk in a bear hug .
the map of the park was shaped into an l and with the hundreds of trees crammed together in rows with thick trunks it was perfect for hiding .
i took all of jacks weight on me and slid into a sitting position at the base of a thick tree trunk , jacks head on my shoulders , legs sprawled before him .
twice we thought we saw faye crouched up behind the trunk of a tree , but both times we were disappointed .
i stopped underneath an apricot tree outside the zoo entrance and pulled him toward the trunk .
when he called out to her , shed been crying again , and although she had wanted to scramble down the trunk and run inside and hide , he d asked her a question that had made her pause .
she sat in the grass against one of the thin trunks , crying a little and trying to think of what to do when she noticed , just past the yellow field of hay , an orange and gray dome tent .
for now , she would wait here for brock since it was open to multiple escape routes and had low branches to hide her as she sat on the ground facing the sea with her back to the thick trunk .
they crawled beneath the thick branches and sat with their backs against the trunk , shivering and panting beside one another .
tears sprang to her eyes as she peeled through the branches and sat against the thick trunk of the tree .
brock continued through the woods , so daphne followed , until they came upon a flat area , relatively free of rocks , next to a thick trunk , where the two of them could sit side by side on the smooth , packed dirt .
crossing to a weeping willow , i hid in the long overhanging branches and peeked around the trunk to catch another glimpse through the glass .
every few trees she had carved a symbol into the trunk , indicating which direction she was traveling in .
tired , defeated , she walked over to her hammock and sat down , resting her head on the trunk of one of the two trees and closing her eyes .
she looked up just in time to see the stone point dig itself into the very center of the trunk of the tree .
it was not as perfect as his own shot , but it came much closer to the center of the trunk than she expected .
a tree trunk , perhaps ?
she adjusted the thick branches till they covered her before huddling against the trunk and closing her eyes .
he drew it back behind him , paused for one terrible moment , and then swung it at a horrifying velocity until it chopped at the thick trunk of the tree .
the creak , itself , was now crashing up against one of the thick trunks of a large tree .
she had built up so much momentum that she had to grab on to the trunk of a nearby tree to stop herself .
they curled up close to the trunk .
his hand banged against the hard bark of the trunks .
i leaned my back against the tree , rested the back of my head on the bark of the trunk , closed my eyes , and sighed .
she pointed up into the branches and i saw an enormous black serpent coiled around the trunk , glaring at me with wicked ruby eyes .
he threw me into a tree , and i felt my spine give way , destroyed , as it bashed against the trunk .
as with all rumors , the general idea rooted itself like the trunk of a tree , allowing branches of gossip and untruths to grow in every direction .
i propped my back against the tree trunk , straddling the branch , and letting my right leg swing casually back and forth .
my hand brushed against the coarseness of the tree trunks , tracing the lines and curves of the bark with my fingers .
something banged on the back of the car , and i jerked my head around to find tarek leaning over the trunk .
after all , he did nt need charlotte walking in half asleep and finding ulrik passed out drunk on a tack trunk .
birdie jumped on her hind legs , touching her forepaws on the trunk of a tree , howling upward .
beyond the edge of the pentagram a live oak tree stood , its trunk thick , its branches long and tortuous .
i lay there huffing and puffing , as if i 'd done all the work , and watched as she raced headfirst down the trunk toward me .
around the trunk i now saw a nice crack just big enough for either of us to squeeze through one at a time into the crawlspace below .
its leaves were of the darkest green and the trunk was almost serpentine .
the branches , of which there were exactly six , did n't grow out of the rippled trunk so much as corkscrew into the light .
the trunk had lipped over these ragged edges and forced the planks even farther apart so that the closest ones were buckled .
connor trained the light along several of the larger , healthier - looking limbs , working backward until finally finding the colossal trunk , now completely choking what had been the pulpit and what remained of the choir loft .
i took sharp turns and quick cuts to avoid the hard wrinkled trunks of the trees .
i grabbed hold of the tree trunk to steady myself .
i came to a large tree trunk with some bushes surrounding its base .
a giant tree trunk crumpled in the hood .
in a sudden movement , mark spun them out of the line of fire and behind a tree , tucking emma between his chest and the tree trunk .
climbing around the trunk mark looked for the sturdiest branch he could find .
one on the bumper , one on the hood , another on the roof , and there 's a little something on the trunk .
i sat in the dehydrated grass supporting my back against the tree trunk , looking out across the pasture at the now - empty pengelly cottage .
instead of leaning on the trunk i lay flat amongst the foliage and grass , looking up into the colours of the branches overhead .
it was disorienting to be walking forward but to see myself scuttle down the trunk of the tree .
the driveway was silent , and the elm tree in my front yard seemed hooded with leafless fall , its long bare trunk ragged , and the miniature sycamore beside it seemed like kelp swaying underwater .
grass and leaves were perfectly green , tree trunks were perfectly straight , the sky was perfectly blue , puffy white clouds were perfectly white and puffy , and the surrounding air was the perfect temperature .
thinking quickly enough , they jumped sideways and away from one another as the rock flew between them and landed with a thud against the trunk of a nearby tree and then fell to the ground below .
spooked , he stumbled over a trunk behind him , landing hard on the floor .
andy slowly brought the food to merodach who had seated himself on the grass next to the tree trunk .
halfway around , andy found boards secured to the trunk that formed a ladder .
andy continued climbing another fifteen feet and found a round opening hollowed out in the trunk .
andy sat down on the thick trunk of a tree that had been uprooted and swept downstream overnight and was now lodged firmly in the bank .
i listened carefully for the sound of any animals resting under its trunk .
there was a dark , damp , nicely sized hollow under the trunk that would serve as a sleeping nest while the sun was in the sky .
there was a log lined up in front of it and the old man helped me sit against the ridged trunk .
these were monstrous plants , obviously very old and well cared for with the trunks coming out of the ground as thick as the old womans wrist .
the orchard had become a maze , each wide trunk a possible outpost for the host of monsters that her mind was busily conjuring .
the trohacks lived in trees that ranged from a hundred to three hundred feet and were populated with enormous black thorns all the way up from the base of the trunk to the top of the tree .
looney stopped to sniff the trunk of a tree giving roger the chance to stop and embrace emma .
there were a number of monkeys draped over tree trunks and branches , some huddled together in small groups ; one large , dark shape was lying on a concrete overhang .
it rattled off the narrow spindles of the tree trunks .
thick vines snaked around the huge trunks of the old tamaracks and spruces and laced their way from tree to tree , mapping across the pathway in a dense carpet .
soon , as the sun finally started to set , the ramming force of gogas men slowly came , pulling a massive tree trunk .
the men heaved as one and lifted the mighty tree trunk and turned it towards the castle gates , which stood about 500 feet away .
a chipmunk rushed past the leaf and stuffed a nut into his mouth , so he could carry it off to his store in a tree trunk .
the chipmunk played no more heed and rushed up the trunk of a tree of the mila forest .
my arms envelop the trunk again , but there s not a moment to recover .
swinging atop it , i use the trunk to standmy feet now elevated about eight feet above ground .
i point out the wide trunk of a larch ahead .
she was nt tall enough to use the upper branch to balance herself as her feet scooted away from the trunk on the lower branch .
the plant spirits were put to sleep , their trunks becoming stiff like stone and their many arms still upraised , soon covered by leaves .
fenric joined them , and the three towered over the trunk , staring at the contorted liar in their midst .
horrified , stunned , i sank onto a trunk .
gingerly , i reached out and ran my fingers down the damp bark of a nearby oak tree , over the soft moss clinging to the trunk .
slowly , i stepped closer to the light that was partially hidden behind the trunk of a huge tree .
instead of a small gap , where we d crawled through , a humungous fallen tree trunk covered it .
he spread his feet and squatted down to push against the tree trunk .
as the tree trunk bent down toward the other side of the path , many thinner branches sprang out of it , intertwined and twisted into each other like knotted hair .
he pointed at a gleam coming from the trunk of a cut - down tree .
the creatures arms seemed quite long ; for while one curled around the trunk , guarding it as if it was its precious belonging , the other lay on the ground , reaching beyond his ankles .
looking at that glistening object on the trunk .
were humans of any consequence at all to them , until they felt the cold teeth of the chainsaw biting into their trunks ?
she looked across the trunk of the car and saw brian waiting for her at the front door of the house .
then he walks past me , towards the tree on the other side of the clearing , and draws a circle the size of a side plate on the trunk with a chalk .
i run towards it and quickly crouch behind the massive trunk .
and amidst the knee - high grasses , there s a gigantic tree bang in the middle , with a trunk so thick you ca nt circle it with your arms .
the leaves were ablaze with light , radiating from each and every stem and the trunk appeared illuminated with its own power .
he had one hand resting against the trunk of the tree and his head was dipped almost as if comforting it .
their trunks were sacrificed for the witches brooms , their branches carefully selected and whittled to carve the perfect wand , their roots pulled cautiously to create potions for healing ; their leaves and fruit harvested to steep powerful teas and create miracles .
rose looked up at the strong trunk and begged , he s dying !
laying her hand on its rough trunk , she whispered , thank you , and she ran .
it was twilight and all she could see were huge brown trunks and branches .
declan bellowed as they came to the bottom of the trunk where the creature sat .
they nestled together and leaned their backs against the trunk .
as he crossed his arms ( that were more like small tree trunks ) , he leaned against the frame and regarded willow with narrowed eyes .
he snatches up something that looks like a tree trunk and stomps toward me .
pen and lark are sitting on a bed that is definitely the centerpiece of the room while fia is leaning against one of the tree trunk sized bedposts .
the exterior of the building was constructed of dark brown square stones that matched the color of the trunks of the surrounding pine trees .
the trunk was thick , strong , and gnarled , giving it the appearance of being ancient and magical .
he ran forward , used one foot to jump up and back from the trunk so that he could reach the lowest branch to pull himself up .
gnarled trunk and lots of branches .
he whipped out his dagger and carved dagdron into the bark on the trunk , claiming it as his own .
she looked at the tree momentarily , and then sat down , leaned her back against the trunk , and started reading a book .
when they reached it , dagdron immediately started analyzing the trunk to see how to best cut off some bark that could be used to hold the potion .
dagdron gave a quick glance at the trunk of the tree , and saw that elloriana had taken off any bark that had ever held her name .
partway up the trunk , dagdron turned to look .
jas was sitting with his back to a tree bumping the back of his head against the tree trunk as the glow of morning began to appear on the horizon .
looking above her she saw ulec sitting on a branch in the tree with his back to the trunk and one leg hanging lazily , as if he d been sitting there waiting all day !
lea grabbed the trunk of the tree with her tail .
sometimes , lea would grab a branch with her hands , and other times , she simply used her tail to find the irregularities on the tree trunk to climb up .
lea did n't notice it before , but on the trunks of alinda , was the logo of a store , which must be from her family .
beads of it dripped from the tendrils of plants , or were smeared on frozen tree trunks .
viktor gazed out the window at mother 's kissing tree , the giant oak that was so named because ` ` ma '' was carved inside of a heart on the tree trunk .
viktor rested his back against a sappy pine tree and peered out from around the trunk .
he rolled and smashed into a tree trunk .
he gripped the trunk behind him with a trembling heart .
close to the trunk of the dead oak were a few small boulders , and a tiny crevice between them revealed an entranceway .
a stone fireplace was built into the back wall , whose chimney fed into the dead oak 's hollow trunk , dispersing smoke high above the tree canopy .
often romulus quizzed viktor until he learned to identify different plants and their uses , from norway spruce to scots pine to the shiny white trunk and brilliant green leaves of the silver birch .
viktor offered the girls a guilty glance and went to boost romulus up the trunk .
` ` let 's make this quick , '' romulus said , moving directly in front of the heart carved in the tree trunk .
` ` do you think it 's on the other side of the trunk ?
viktor dove behind a short palm tree with spikes covering every inch of the trunk .
he barely ducked the dagger ulfrik buried in the tree trunk .
yet viktor tugged the dagger out the trunk and blocked the blow of the larger blade .
a second more and ulfrik would have cut his face to the bone , but a strange sight distracted the man : out of the hole where the dagger had pierced the tree spilt white sap , as if it were no more than milk stored in a hollow trunk .
tree trunks grew as straight and slim as poles , or looped in horizontal twists .
the trees here were short with wide trunks and a tangle of branches .
finally , she rested against the trunk on a wide limb and watched aliah on the ground .
the vapor serpentined along the ground until it reached the trunk of her tree and swallowed everything it touched in its cavernous throat .
she found a cluster of trees that grew so close together , their trunks almost twisted around each other .
daniel swayed gently on a branch of the tree , holding the rescued rocket in one hand and the tree trunk with the other , trying to make sense of what was going on .
the trunks had grown so gnarled over the years that they almost looked like carvings , and daniel thought for a second he was seeing things because , from one of the knots in the bark , he imagined the outline of a face forming .
he carefully stepped over the leg of a tree trunk .
he put his feet against the tree trunk and pulled with everything he had , as the root fought against him .
i hopped off the trunk of my car and walked around to the driver side door to retrieve my cell phone so that i could check for messages or at least send a message to my teammates to see what was going on .
better to get to the trunk , where he could maybe climb his way down .
edging closer , he could feel the thin leaf stem bouncing as he leapt -- a thousand camouflaged brown tendrils sprang from the trunk and grabbed him .
a window appeared in the trunk , although the tree shook with the exertion of holding it open .
as the forest floor grew denser , the mountain faded and she was skyly sliding between the trunks of impossible trees .
the trunk had probably once been straight , she imagined .
the suns had baked the lower trunk black , which graded to gray at the middle and tree - trunk - brown at the uppermost limbs .
the suns had baked the lower trunk black , which graded to gray at the middle and tree - trunk - brown at the uppermost limbs .
and so loora found herself wordless and shrinking as the cage around her rose along the black trunk of the gnarled stonetree .
the shapes of camouflaged insects became apparent as she peered across the surface of the trunk , and a patch of furry red moss -- ` ` ah , a good source of pungulates , '' aughra said , reaching out and plucking a handful of red fur from the moss .
a window in the trunk , just as when he 'd been caught by the vines .
he must be climbing down the top side of the falling trunk .
trees with trunks that clot together into tall vertical houses where thousands of beetles and their children can happily swarm , all the way from beneath the forest floor to the leaftop level .
in the morning we took turns trying to sleep , but there was n't no sleep for any of us -- every sound outside resonated within the trunk of our larantine : the stamping of wild feet running , the beetles speaking to each other through their clicking legs , the voices of birds getting harassed by huge bats clustering against the treetops and swooping down on anything that moved .
deep inside the stone trunk shone a line of living green , a hidden vein of the gnarled stonetree .
the bark ten feet up the trunk split open in a pumpkins smile , laughing maniacally at him .
the ferocious attack quickly consumed the tree , so that only the trunk and thicker branches remained .
she tugged on his shoulder as they rounded another large tree trunk , following sir bane .
the considerable weight of the tree had squashed the majority of the flower baskets beneath its massive trunk , scattering dust and debris everywhere .
they soon came to another tree with a small opening at the bottom of the huge trunk and ducked through the small entranceway , which opened up to reveal a bigger chamber inside .
and the trunk of each tree is wider around than a man can reach .
foster followed , each of us shimmying around the trunk , the huge leaves hiding us .
they circled the trunk of a nearby tree , the golden stalks concealing tiny creatures i d drawn into awkward .
what was once familiar territory for her was nt anymore , and she flew backward into the trunk of another tree , her small frame sliding down the sparkling bark .
the tree trunk rolled as luke struggled to sit upright .
a determined look flashed across the childs face ; he pulled his feet under his haunches , and just as the rivers waters smashed against the tree trunk , sweeping it free from the rocks and sending it hurtling downriver , luke jumped with out stretched arms .
a branch slammed across neb 's forehead , he ducked too late and collided head on with a tree trunk .
you ' ve heard of capillary action in a tube where the tube will suck liquid up into it on the force of the natural attraction between all bodies , well , then , perhaps the bamboo treesthe trunks , long polescould have some similar such effect upon the air .
his lean - to , heaped with ferns , was a long center pole propped against a tree , one end in a crook of the trunk , the other end resting on the ground , supporting branches laid from the ground to the center pole along its length , tee - pee fashion , and covered by leavesin this case , leafy ferns , which were plentiful in this area .
hoang - ha crawled into the lean - to ; then , he pulled a branch support up to the trunk from the inside , to close it up .
they had a trunk all over covered with thick rubbery leaves like rhododendron leaves .
all the times i wrote my name as mrs . michael greenwood in pretty cursive or carved our initials into tree trunks encircled by a heart or daydreamed about our wedding had done nothing to actually further our relationship .
i could feel the moisture from the tree trunk seeping through my jeans , making me cold .
the trunks on the huge trees towered dark brown all around them .
the bubble carried her across the clearing where it burst against a tree trunk .
when he got to the oak tree he stood scanning the public notices posted to its trunk .
his thought processes were structured like a tree with millions of branches leading back to the main trunk .
jules climbs out of the car , sits on the trunk and faces the large , wooden play set she used to play on as a kid .
` ` hey , '' she calls out to him tentatively ; remaining on the trunk for fear her knees will give out if she tries to stand .
the tree about a hundred yards before them had a trunk that looked like five trees had all grown together and their roots had merged .
before she could utter a word of protest , though , the creature picked her up and hurled her directly at the trunk .
brock hesitated only a second after lily , but as soon as he understood what had happened , he ran flat out at the trunk and vanished also , with cole right on his heels .
defying all logic , peter sprinted as fast as he could directly at the trunk of the grandfather tree .
instead of a thicket full of ordinary trees , those of the enchanted forest had impossibly skinny trunks that were green and supple like leaves .
but overwhelmingly i hear the voice of the forest : the groaning of mighty tree trunks as they sway in the slight breeze , branches rattling together , a sharp crackcould be remy , could be just another casualty of winter .
i watch daniel sit against a tree trunk and start banging his head against it .
i hear crickets , wind snaking through the tops of the trees , tree trunks creaking as they sway imperceptibly .
skylar stalked toward ash and grabbed her by the back of her blonde head before she smashed her face into the nearest tree trunk .
she flipped her hair and had adopted this laughing smile that she used on a couple guys sitting on the trunk of a car as we walked past .
there were many trees grouped in thick clumps , with vines entwining their trunks to form an impassable barrier .
however , at this time i do nt want any of you attempting to fly or to walk through tree trunks .
an ear - splitting crack rent the air across the hilltop , rattling between the tree trunks before escaping out into the world beyond .
they were standing in the middle of a sea of bluebells , with the trunks of the trees rising from their midst like the masts of sinking ships .
unfortunately some spoil - sport had managed to get it caught between the main branch and the tree - trunk , well out of reach .
she had hoisted him up high enough to reach the lowest bough , using the trunk for support , and from there it had been a simple matter of climbing from branch to branch until he d reached the one he wanted .
without another word , the boy nodded , grabbed a handle and picked up an end of the trunk , his biceps bulging a bit at the effort .
i waved at the trunk , feigning impatience .
come on , you two , evan protested , picking up his end of the trunk .
leading to the upper level was a wooden spiral staircase in the far corner that looked for all the world as though it had been hand carved from a single tree trunk .
for several hours she doggedly dribbled the ball between the piles of fallen leaves and practiced her long range passing by trying to hit the tree trunks from a distance .
and with the way he was perched on a branch , an arm resting on his bent knee and his back against the trunk , he looked solid .
with wide chests , legs like tree trunks , and baggy hip - hop attire , they looked like linebackers .
josh says its an elephant whose trunk has fallen off , ben says its a gorillas bum but i say it is you .
the branches and trunk of the tree were thick and gnarled looking .
the trunk of the tree wrapped itself from his lower back , around to the right side of his stomach , covering his rock hard abs .
he pushed me back so that i was pinned against the trunk and he towered above me , obviously trying to intimidate me .
i stumbled back against the trunk and then plopped down into sitting on the bumper .
i drop my chin following my eyeballs with the enlarged two lens of the powerful binoculars focusing on the embedded bird nest that lounges between the secure brown bark of the high oak tree that does nt hold any birds then shift the lens to the left seeing the wide very good camouflaged light brown threads that shimmery like us gold minted bars that contrasts with the natural dark brown tree trunk that ids the tree trunk spider ( yeah , that s the real name , y all ) .
i drop my chin following my eyeballs with the enlarged two lens of the powerful binoculars focusing on the embedded bird nest that lounges between the secure brown bark of the high oak tree that does nt hold any birds then shift the lens to the left seeing the wide very good camouflaged light brown threads that shimmery like us gold minted bars that contrasts with the natural dark brown tree trunk that ids the tree trunk spider ( yeah , that s the real name , y all ) .
a tree trunk spider is a member of the tropical or semi - tropical family hersiliidae popular in south alabama in and around apollo , alabama ( where i live ) .
i giggle silly betting that the tree trunk spider supped good on the entire family of blue swallows that once occupied that well - built but empty bird nest .
i slowly press the gas pedal heading farther up the peak of the hilltop where the pasture land begins on my left side with more tall , short , bend , and broken zillions of trees , tree limbs , and tree trunks while peek - a - booing with eyeballs at the long and large actworths mansion which is built more like a castle with four levels of space for their big family while i remember that cinta told me that it was the first place for death funerals in the city of apollo as i shiver with a set of goose bumps from that creep mental thoughts .
the atv wiggles like an earthworm left to right as the tires determine the trajectory of the path since gravity is keeping the little truck on the hill then it quickly slides down the hill like a snow skier towards the roadway as i leap , kitten - like trying to grab the swinging drivers door as the atv falls faster than a meteorite then viciously jerks its metal frame sideways to my left then hurts with its trunk and tail light the big oak tree that s hundred years old as i stop running and just watch it smash into the bark tossing tiny wood splitters into the air and tree leaves over the atv and the dirt then i moan softly .
he picks up my bag and my other stuff from the tree trunk and holds my hand .
he popped the trunk of the hovercar and pulled out a backpack .
i grunted as i backed into a thick tree trunk , and slowly edged my way around it , until i was entirely shielded from whoever or whatever had made the sound .
it must have been five minutes before i dared move an inch around the tree trunk to get a better view .
furious that his prey had escaped him , the lion shook its shadowed mane and let out an earth - shaking roar that echoed through the forest , ricocheting off the tree trunk acoustics .
i propped him up against a tree trunk , but his head lolled back , his neck unable to hold its weight .
i moved to the tree trunk that the berries extended from , wrapped my entire body around it , and began slowly sidling up the trunk .
i moved to the tree trunk that the berries extended from , wrapped my entire body around it , and began slowly sidling up the trunk .
i reached the point where the branches began to separate the thick trunk .
i tied meatloaf loosely to the trunk , and he gratefully began lapping up the water .
it curled its trunk and stamped its front feet .
the brown elephant stopped and raised its trunk .
` ` look at its trunk ! ''
fronds stuck out of the trunk , half a coconut bulged in the bark , and roots sprang from the crown .
i find an area near the back by the trunks with enough space for ruben , cora , and me to jump into without breaking anything .
i bend over and put my hands on the trunk .
i made a little nick in a finger , left a blood smear , and climbed out of the hollowed out trunk .
i fell against the trunk of a pine tree .
i stopped the vespa under a tree and secured it to the trunk .
matt had pulled a black baseball cap from the trunk of his car before they went into the park .
the leafless trunks and branches of the trees rattled like blackened bones reaching toward the sky .
the rough trunks of the trees were mottled with patches of deep green moss and yellow lichen .
instead of dodging fallen tree trunks and rocks , we dodged sheep .
she pointed to the bulbous tree trunks surrounding us .
without any warning , he flung them into the trunk of the closest tree .
when i was young , father carved me a tree house in the hollow of a large trunk .
he forced her arms above her head , pinning them against the trunk of the tree .
the trunk cracked , and another crash followed when the tree thudded to the ground .
see how only the lower trunks are burnt ?
again its a cool fire ; the tree trunks are scorched black but the higher branches have not been affected .
when jack brushes against a tree trunk it leaves a smudge of black charcoal on his t - shirt .
sometimes the women go out into the lake or the ocean in canoes made from scooped - out tree trunks , and catch fish in reed nets .
graffiti scrawled on tree trunks .
he has arms like tree trunks and a neck like a bull .
as i came out yesterday i noticed a burnt black tree trunk .
inside the tent were four cots , some small wooden stools made from tree trunks , and one small table .
they showed the campers tree trunks that had been scored by bears claws and teeth to mark their territory .
he found a stick and used it like a whip to hit the trunk of a tree .
lightening had split the top and left a blackened scar down the trunk .
mosses of every description grew in the cool green shade , clinging to rocks , flowing over fallen branches , and climbing the trunks of the giant trees .
tilting back his head he let his gaze travel up the trunk .
liam heard the wings snap and felt the air whip past his face as he ducked and spun around the trunk just in time to see the bird disappear into the tree tops .
with a weak smile he sat down placing his back firmly against the trunk .
i would love to hear more of your adventures with the dryad , willow said with a twinkling laugh , as she pulled blankets out of a chest near the tree trunk .
reaching out a hand behind him he touched the trunk again just to make sure he was nt close to the edge .
willow dropped out of the branches and flowed down the trunk using her boots and fingertips to slow her decent .
sitting down he leaned his head back against the trunk and closed his eyes .
i do n't belong anywhere she turned , staggered a few feet back , and sat down against the trunk of a tree .
an image flashed in front of her when zell had been thrown against the tree trunk so hard .
i saw everything through sheets of color : violets and roses blossomed before my eyes in the light of the silver moon , highlighting the lower slopes of the gray - brown tree trunks before me .
dozens of gnarled roots rose and fell throughout the clearing like minor hills ; hundreds of thick branches , some so big around they looked like smaller trees themselves , flowed out and up from the trunk ; thousands upon thousands of leaves that must have been larger than my entire body whispered in the midsummer breeze .
lights flickered from between the branches and in the trunk itself , lights that glowed blue and silver like captured stars .
huge figures with arms as thick as tree trunks lined the walk , watching us from an enormous height .
as we continued our journey , crossing back into the bower trunk through a hole in the thick bark that looked like a black mouth , i realized we were descending now , going down through ever - widening corridors past an increasingly bizarre collection of creatures .
a tree trunk caught next , and the ore was thrown by the moonstone across the tree line and back out into the clearing around the bower , the clearing that i could just see here along the trail we d taken to come to the rock .
i shifted my stance and craned my neck around the side of the tree trunk that had become my refuge .
i leaned against the trunk of the tree to wait , knowing that no one would find me here unless they knew where to look .
it did n't help that the forest was crawling with other hunters as well , small groups of eight or ten , beating the tree trunks they passed with their sabers and hoes .
i squeezed my hands together to stop from shaking , peering around a trunk once more to see if they d gone .
she thrust her body up its trunk and began scratching .
her horse edged alongside the slender trunk , nibbling at the grass tufting at its base .
good defensive layout , and these trees he rode over to the one kay had stopped at , eyeing its trunk .
i remember the shape of a strange tree that arches over the road , its trunk covered in creeping ivy .
it always looked like a crooked y shape , with a split trunk and two long branches extending out like spread fingers .
every branch holds another structure , each one unique , all straining upward toward the sun as they twist with the curves of the tree trunks .
their enormous bodies rippled with hard muscle , their biceps like tree trunks .
she knew that even if she could , shed never have the strength to pull the trident out of the tree trunk .
grabbing him by the throat , he jerked the trident from the trunk .
i knew the rings were supposed to resemble a tree trunk but to me , the eight rings had always reminded me of the ripples in a puddle .
its tiny trunk completely out of proportion to its vast foliage , looking like a stick with a puffy cloud jammed on top .
he plonked himself down against the brasilwood , his large form looking out of place next to the tiny trunk .
the trees out here were thin birches ; their long white trunks spattered with grey were so close together they made me feel like i was behind bars .
clara emerged from the clustered trees , barely fitting between the trunks as she made her way towards us .
when i opened them again , i was in josephs arms and the wolves were surrounding the tree , moving in unison as if in a dance , taking turns jumping and scratching at the trunk and trying to snap at our toes .
on the ground , the wolves were scratching the tree trunks , jumping up , and sometimes fighting with each other .
i was sitting across his lap , with my back against the trunk of the tree .
when he was done , he wrapped me in the blanket and propped me up against a tree trunk like a wooden puppet .
i ran my hand over the trunk , enjoying every little bump .
if it fell down on us , we would be crushed by the trunks on the roof .
they are translucent and live inside the rings of the tree trunks .
sean leaned against the trunk of one of the trees , his arms crossed defensively in front of him .
he stumbled to the rear of the car and put his hand on the trunk .
sounds like her , she said with a weak grin and leaned back against the cars trunk , putting his handkerchief up to her nose .
she looked at the sloped back window and the short lip of the trunk and smiled .
then , rotating her body , she managed to put both under the protection of a thick trunk .
amelie nodded , crouched and pressed so hard against the tree trunk it seemed she wanted to merge with it .
ducking behind a tree when she looked around , i counted to ten before peeping my head out to the side , but kept my arms around the thick trunk .
i stumbled , staring up at the trees , my hand brushing one of the trunks .
a dull light radiated from the trunks of the trees .
i searched for the lake in the dark and finally spotted the blurry reflection of headlights between the trunks of two trees .
the shadow seemed to stretch from the floor to the canopy and then the trees were swaying , their trunks bowed as it pushed its way toward us .
the trunks groaning behind us made me tremble and i tripped over something in the dark .
there were no trunks , only leaves , tall bushes hollowed out and rustling with the sounds of birds .
she rapped her knuckles against the trunk of the tree .
she sunk against the trunk of the tree , spurring a nest of butterflies .
dark trunks splaying into these pale blossoms , the petals swirling and spilling to the ground like snow .
there were deer , three of them , white tails flashing between the trunks .
dani pushed back the curtains and there were more trailing down the side of the house , jumping from one tree trunk to another , dotting the pavement before disappearing across the street at the window to felixs bedroom .
i knocked against the hollow trunk of the tree , finding the hole .
chapter 32 bryn his car was twisted around the trunk of the tree like the black exoskeleton of an insect , his blood trickling down the front seat .
carefully , she stepped out of his tangled trunk and slipped away , his scent protecting her .
the fresh air and the brightening morning prompted her to snap a branch from a tree and practise sword - fighting against the trunk .
her eyes rested on a gnarl on the tree trunk , and she felt she could see it so clearly that the target appeared like a mirage hovering where the woods began .
it even squealed as it soared through the air , landing deep in the targeted spot on the trunk .
simyan gave her a sidelong glance and averted his focus to the faraway tree trunk .
when it hit the trunk , the result was unclear .
she plucked from the ground what appeared to be the bare trunk of a dead sapling as a makeshift weapon , its roots seemingly singed by previous lava flow .
he turned away and agitated his trunk against the corrugated slope , rubbing the crusted lava from his skin .
from the boulder she somersaulted onto his back and sank the fire blade into his trunk .
pursuing her , he slithered up the tree trunk , tithren scrambling from branch to branch until finally , she screamed .
silver blood draining from his severed trunk gleamed with a golden tint under the glow of the still flaming trees .
desperate for a weapon , i pulled this dried sapling trunk from the ground and it turned into thraxrath .
its wide wingspan could not easily avoid notice so she was not surprised when one ophidian , fat with a black band around its slick brown trunk , looked up as the kobakya swooped down .
if she had to guess , the severed top half of the beautiful one had grown back its length , while the bottom half of his original trunk was keeping her kin sister bound .
his soft , silky trunk trapping her chest could probably feel the manic palpitations of her heart , and he tightened his stranglehold with apparent delight .
she handed them thraxrath to hold , freeing her hands to push against his throttling trunk .
gradually , the green trunk slackened around her and dropped like a coil of dead vine amidst the bone heaps .
nearby , the pluran freed herself from the ophidians severed trunk , now no more threatening than a coiled rope .
from the deflowered remains emerged the bloodied trunk of what appeared to be a black snake , moving with contented leisure .
a thick , off - white trunk slid into view next to the roaring pit of fire .
from behind the pale one slid the sprawling brown trunk of the hungry one , whose mouth gaped even wider with a hateful sneer .
the liquid swirled and roiled , and from the mouths of these dire peaks came the flaming trunks of the ophidians .
he dropped down , his serpentine trunk thrashing and riddled with new growths .
the woods seemed so silent and still that each footstep he took sounded loud and intrusive , echoing against the thick trunks .
the bullet whizzed past and buried itself in a nearby birch tree , splintering the trunk like it was a pencil .
even if she did get to the girl , if she took her arms off the trunk she would fall in .
when she was close enough to the girl , she took both arms off the trunk and wrapped them around her waist , allowing them both to fall into the water .
gilla was propped up against the trunk of a tree looking extremely tired .
once she did she cut back into the trees and crouched behind a trunk .
she sat and leaned against the trunk of a tree .
if she could just get around the base of the trunk she could run for it , but the scouts had formed a semicircle around her .
a large tree trunk somehow had fallen across the gap in front of the waterfall , even though there were no trees around .
he looked up , and found an intriguing darkness beyond the trunks .
suddenly malin pulled up and stopped behind the trunk of a great tree .
she crawled in and curled herself about the trunk , half sitting , half lying , and waited , listening .
the branches parted to let her through , then they closed about her harp and the few bits of food she had left lying next to the trunk .
he leaned back against the trunk of a nearby tree , and for a moment malin panicked .
their big feet , their long trunks , their exceptional mental ability , their incredible emotional capacity all make the elephant a creature of depth in spite of what anyone may think of its looks .
the width of a tree is usually about three - to - five grown men wrapping their arms around the trunk allowing us to build our houses on top .
the trees leaves were to the ground , branches and trunks smashed against the mens bodies .
trees as high as fifty meters littered the place and they held in their wide trunks the tree houses .
he pulled at heelers reins to make the horse follow and tied the rope against a tree trunk .
the trees that were seeing from where we stood showed their leaves ; the trunks were hidden from view because they were obscured by the friggin flood !
this one was about fifty moon - turns and its trunk was more than ready to welcome a family .
looking closer , he could just make out a strange ladder carved into the surrounding trunk , weaving the whole way to the top and disappearing under the dense foliage of its leaves .
what he had thought was a makeshift ladder was , in fact , an intricate set of steps running the whole length of the tree trunk and spiralling up into the dense foliage above .
he pushed it slowly open and entered quietly to find himself standing in a large round room carved directly from the tree trunk .
* * * * * * they d been following the river for almost an hour , the tree line on the opposite side of the river becoming thicker and thicker , when they came across the bridge , its gnarled ancient wooden planks made of fallen tree trunks , spanning across the river and disappearing through an opening in the trees .
the surrounding trees on which the leaves were dancing vivaciously up above , dappling the light , intermittent shade , snow drops amidst the trees , squirrels scampering and scurrying up and down tree trunks and range of mountains in the background made it even more beautiful and serene .
it had a discolored trunk with translucent , prickly branches .
they followed captain shaw from the stagecoach , past the obsidian gates , and through wooden doors carved into the tree trunk .
with a very short trunk , its branches reached high and outward .
the bookcase had become detached from the wall and teetered before coming to a rest , stanton sighed with relief , sure that it was going to topple upon them as he watched the great trunk of tree wavering overhead then come crashing down upending the edge of the table .
climbing onto the trunk , on all fours she edged upward being careful not to let the pine needles stab her exposed skin , the scratches as she passed were bad enough .
stanton lost his grip with the force and fell towards the back of the tree , gravity playing with his legs that were hugging the trunk for grip .
finally regaining some strength she pushed her face up from the dirt and her body back onto her knees , she sat against the trunk of the tree her legs tucked , with her cold bare feet underneath her for warmth .
jez looked at the trunk before him , he had climbed many trees as a young boy , there was n't much else to do in his spare time on the farm , he grabbed for the first branch and climbed with relative ease .
either one of them capable of sending the message of defiance the arrow through the throat so deep into the trunk of the tree that it could not be extracted .
a large root trailing from its trunk provided my foot with the perfect prop .
i heard the sound of the trees bark cracking as my body hit its trunk hard .
i heard the trunk of the massive tree crack when my back crashed into it and then i dropped to the ground like a brick .
lazarus placed his hands on the trunk of the pine tree .
from behind the cover of the branches , i peered down to see his fingers running across the tree trunk .
furthermore , as amazed as peyton was by the sheer size of the tree , how the top - most leaves were far too high for her to see , how the circumference of the trunk was like standing in front of the empire state building , peyton was also astonished to see there was fruit growing from the branches .
they flew a few feet together , before azrael slammed eve into a nearby tree with such force , the tree split up the middle , a great opening like a fork of lightning stretching up the tall trunk .
with a sharp tug , he pulled the blade free of eves body , watching her gasp from the movement and fresh bout of pain , then stepped backwards as she slowly slid down the tree and sat on the ground , resting her back against its broken trunk , her wings lying flat and useless around her .
she thrashed about on the trunk of the tree , trying desperately to remove the determined arachnids , then felt something break on the tree under her weight .
darius sailed several feet , then slammed into the trunk of a tree , sliding back down to the jungle floor .
then he was lifted again and smashed backwards against a tree , the back of his head cracking hard against the trunk .
darius was pinned against the tree trunk , his feet dangling helplessly as he was held up by azraels unfathomably strong hands .
the bone struck the tree trunk with a loud thunk , cutting open darius cheek as it shot by , but leaving him otherwise unscathed .
darius slid down the tree trunk and landed on his feet .
the force of the blast was so strong , it bent the trees that stood nearby , blowing leaves from branches and threatening to crack tree trunks in two .
as darius stared up at the sky , a bolt of lightning suddenly shot down and struck a tree nearby , the power of the bolt exploding the trunk .
sighing , she turned to leave , but she suddenly planted a hand against the trunk of a tree , as though stopping herself from walking any farther , and stopped in her tracks .
jamie nodded and watched as robert grabbed onto the nearest branch and shimmied his way along the trunk .
jamie grabbed the branch with the crook of his left arm and swung out , holding onto the trunk with his right hand .
he shimmied down the trunk after robert , across another branch on the other side of the tree , and then dropped down onto the ground .
he had spotted a tree line ahead , just before the light disappeared , and the last thing he wanted was to lead ember straight into raised roots or a wide trunk .
tree trunks rose up into sharp , blackened points and then stopped .
jinji crept as close as she dared before stopping behind a large tree trunk and peering around the edge to survey the scene .
the two of them halted and just a bare second later , an arrow thunked into a tree trunk just by their heads .
basha groaned and leaned against a tree trunk .
eldo chose to sit on a spot beneath the overhanging branches of a tree , leaning against the trunk until basha walked up to inform him , thank you for helping me earlier .
grabbing onto the lowest branch , i press my feet against the trunk , hoist myself up , and climb high enough that i can glimpse into the backyard .
i lean my head back onto the tree trunk , and let out a soundless sigh .
after i park my bike by a tree , i kick the trunk a couple of times .
seeing how some of their necks are as thick as tree trunks , their arms as broad as my waist , it causes me to shrink in my seat .
it seemed like they were lost in the shadows of the low hanging branches and tree trunks when the night sky popped into view .
he roughly grabbed her hands and placed them around the trunk .
bryn did as she was told without question now and held onto the trunk as hard as she could .
the xenthers body was so heavy , that it was unable to stop in time from hitting the trunk .
branches of the trees were broken , their trunks bent in an odd shape .
i checked my parents , who were safely clinging onto a large trunk of tree .
my heart rate increased as he pulled his tree trunk sized arms in front of him and struck an aggressive stance .
a crude bridge made from four thick tree trunks lashed together provided the way across .
clementine drew a cutlass from inside the trunk , swinging the blade close enough to newtons face to make him flinch .
an explosion of blue energy flew from thomas ' hands , sending out cords of lightening as thick as tree trunks .
i smile in thanks and run across the trunk , doing a flip off the end and landing steadily on both feet .
aden meets me behind a wide tree trunk .
for a man with limbs like small tree trunks , habry is surprisingly light on his feet .
with a sigh of relief i climb out of the wagon and trip on what feels like a tree trunk .
tuckers horse is tied to the trunk , patiently waiting for us to mount him .
i sit against a tree trunk to take the first watch .
i spend the next hour wandering in circles , slicing tree trunks with my sword and violently cutting vines hanging from branches , all the time thinking about how my life would ve been different if i d known i lived a mile from my fathers best friend .
the warlock disappears and the dagger sinks into a tree trunk .
the tusks protrude from the lower lips of the trunk for eating , breathing and diving into water , without standard mechanical equipment .
the shadow briefly disappeared , then reappeared further on against a trunk that caught more of the days first light .
the kid laughed delightedly and ran in a circle among several trunks , whirling and perhaps even somersaulting ; justin could track his motions only in fits and jags where his shadow was discernible from the natural shade of the forest .
justin looked around at the towering , gargantuan trunks that surrounded them .
justin reached behind him to touch the trunk , cold and dense as the earth itself , and said , takes longer to get the iron , i imagine .
trunk upon trunk formed the only horizon , forcing him down crazy , accidental paths .
trunk upon trunk formed the only horizon , forcing him down crazy , accidental paths .
the raw , red dawn split among the trunks of a hillside ahead , igniting justins path with glories of warm colors .
justin shrugged his assent and looked out at the glowing , gilded , early dawn world , watching the kid make his way silently through the tangle of trunks .
others he could find no name for : one whose thin trunks split at their base into a cluster of forking , fingerlike protrusions ; another with deep red , nearly black bark and pale , lip - shaped nodules running in a pattern up and down its sides ; another that seemed like an aluminum pole , so straight and shining it grew ; another that seemed covered in a rippling fur until the sun grew strong enough and justin saw it was not fur , but an interlocking jacket of large , beetle - like bugs .
spiders pirouetted from trunk to trunk , erecting webs or dropping on their prey from above .
spiders pirouetted from trunk to trunk , erecting webs or dropping on their prey from above .
birds attacked some of the mammals , and a hunched , red - coated cross between a flying squirrel and a fox launched itself from tree trunks , going for the birds .
from the far side of a great ironwood trunk , a creature cautiously stepped into the mixed - forest zone .
the kids shadow body was stark in the sunlight that poured through the trunks around them .
the rig was somewhat cumbersome , especially where the trail narrowed and justin had to swing his torso sideways to maneuver through the crowding trunks .
justin just watched the shadow flit from trunk to trunk until it came to rest again in front of him .
justin just watched the shadow flit from trunk to trunk until it came to rest again in front of him .
he slumped against the cool trunk and stared at the red and black waters .
the drawing on the map was rough , but conformed in spirit to the eruption of limbs , branches , and trunks that made up the tree .
slowly , he moved up to the very trunk of the monstrous tree .
soon he came to a fork where his tentacle joined with another to form a trunk nearly the size of his car in diameter .
he tucked the coin back under his armor and hurried up the trunk , grabbing hard now at the profusion of slimy handholds .
something squelched in one of them , popping underneath justins grip , and the whole trunk shuddered beneath him , then began to thrash .
i m inside a big pressure cooker , he realized in a rush , then sprinted as best he could and threw his arms around the tree trunk of the salamanders back leg .
simon points out as he comes out from behind a tree trunk .
forcing and squashing the nettles aside , she began to hurriedly snap the thin twigs blocking the gap between the trunks of two of the bushes making up the hedge .
chapter 6 the trunk of the ponderosa pine in front of pemota high had been painted purple sometime during the night .
the ponderosa pine still had its purple trunk , and avocadonine was still on the bricks above the double doors .
the trees had thin trunks , no more than three or four inches in diameter .
he looked at the large trunk , cracked and smoking from the middle and yelled to find the person .
resting fuzzy front paws against the trunk , bright gaze fastened high up in the branches , he hurled challenges in reverberating woofs .
the toucan trunks were gone , replaced by blue and yellow sponge bob scrub pants and pink crocs .
shelley focused on the trunk and finally saw a black and white shape with speckled wings , a small red patch visible on the back of his head .
he rapped the trunk sharply , flitted up a couple of inches and rapped again .
shelley was perched on an old tree trunk that had been split in half lengthwise and sanded smooth .
chunks of the floor were ripped up and surrounded the tree trunk in concentric circles .
harry touched the trunk .
i said to myself and squirmed upwards toward the trunk of the tree .
little white lights were strung up the slender tree trunks of what looked like prehistoric bonsai trees , and cracked - glass lanterns the size of grapefruits hung throughout their branches .
he was startled as the trunk , a stout thirty centimetres across , gave under his weight .
the trunk was broad enough for the boy to hide behind side - on ; and the tree reached up many metres towards the canopy .
will braced himself against the trunk and heaved .
then he laid his full weight against the trunk .
look at the base of the trunk .
he showed his brother the ring of fungus around the tree and poked a finger into the now - soft wood of the trunk .
but the feature that placed it apart from other creatures was its extraordinary extended nose which drooped over its mouth , almost like the beginnings of an elephantine trunk .
the tapir stretched out its mini trunk and sniffed the hand extended to it .
around him , like a frozen splash , was scattered the remains of the tree trunk which had saved him from injury .
instead , the trunks of felled trees lay like beached whales around the perimeter .
as harry hauled hammocks and mosquito nets from the boat and began to sling them up between convenient trees , and will set about heating a meal for them , reverend dillinger settled back against a tree trunk and pulled his hat over his eyes .
he crawled close to the tree and broke a piece of the fungus which had infected it away from the trunk .
its narrow bare trunk stretched up into the sky where , maybe thirty metres up , its leafy branches sprouted like a giant green balloon on a string .
he positioned his body between the two trunks and began to wriggle his way upwards , keeping an eye on the scene on the lake .
he braced himself between the two trunks , shoulders on the healthy tree , feet against the trunk of the rotten one .
he braced himself between the two trunks , shoulders on the healthy tree , feet against the trunk of the rotten one .
there was no sound as the trunk sheared off near its base : the rotten wood was too pulpy for it to part with a crack .
the great tree trunk was going to hit the raptor .
the narrow trunk missed both men but smashed down with an enormous crash , pulverising the boats stern .
she could feel its life running through the trunk ; it almost seemed as if the tree wished to communicate with her , to let her know that it was happy for her visit .
luna waited for her aunt to walk a bit further and then she began to follow her , hiding behind the tree trunks on each side of the path .
the towers twin flight of steps , too , gave the whole thing a thickly curling trunk effect , for they alternately spiralled both around and inside it .
they portrayed a stylised tree , with three branches to either side , and a serpent coiled around its trunk .
the stairways ( for there would be two , should they ever need to flee anyone coming up the other staircase ) would twist like two great serpents around the towers great trunk .
i slam my fist against the trunk again .
plopbottle began stamping his little feet and waving his arm about in front of his face to imitate the elephants trunk , which produced an immediate round of applause and laughter from the guards .
metal screeched as the nova tore away from the car still rammed against its trunk , and then they were on their way .
it came in little scurries , sheltering behind tree - trunks , until it was behind a tree very near to where calibur sat .
i climbed on , holding a branch above for support , and made my way past where the trunk split .
with arms as thick as tree trunks , the enormous grey helmet was a sight to behold , and martin was grateful when the hulking man stepped aside so tillman could access the door .
bear hung up and climbed up on the trunk , the rear end of the car sagged under his weight .
bear slid off the trunk and picked her up .
in the centre of the levelled space , a solitary olive tree struggled up from the parched ground , its trunk withered , and only a few barely green leaves clinging to its brackish spines .
he reached round , unbound his hands from the back of the thin trunk , and allowed them to flop by his sides .
colonel , bathed in sweat stood banging on the trunk of his car with a large metal rod , trying to smash the lock .
colonel rested his hands on the trunk , wobbling slightly as he struggled to find the strength to stand .
he seemed to shrink against the trunk of the car , his wounds having taken most of his strength .
i watched him move away , edging between the grey trunks , the big farmers muscles in his back moving under his damp shirt .
he grabs her arm and pushes her , drags her away , until the gnarled old trunk of the poinciana shelters them from the heat and noise .
as he rounded the trunk of a large tree , baal struck his shot .
something moved several cubits beyond the bird , staying close to the trunk .
near the trunk of the tree , he dove , knowing that he would have to time things perfectly .
however , another friend approached him through the slender tree trunks .
this green blanket was a stunning contrast to the uniform white trunks of widely spaced trees .
suddenly , a flash of light appeared and the yellow - robed arella flew several cubits through the air , colliding with the white trunk of a tree , and collapsing onto the green carpet .
a lightning bolt hit a tree to his side , causing a shower of splinters , as the great trunk split in two .
the mans dark arms were like tree trunks and he lumbered almost like a bear .
we came to a small stream and sat together on a tree trunk and watched the water skimmer by .
the driver took wil down the road across a bridge flanked on either side with carvings of an elephants head and trunk , then onto the bayan and its smiling faces dotted throughout the structure .
the colossal trees and their trunks , the elaborate majesty of columns and stone bleached and black moss and lichen covered leading into archways , corridors , pathways and steps , vanishing as the sun drops further into the western sky .
these trees of rigid straight trunks , powdered white and clean and topped with stretching canopy , competed with their neighbours for the light above , the grouping with their scrubby understory low enough to distinguish the grandness of the trunks reaching upwards in dabbled light wil paused at the scenery and took it all in .
these trees of rigid straight trunks , powdered white and clean and topped with stretching canopy , competed with their neighbours for the light above , the grouping with their scrubby understory low enough to distinguish the grandness of the trunks reaching upwards in dabbled light wil paused at the scenery and took it all in .
ironically one place he visited had strong sheng or auspicious chi exhibited in filtered light and shadow , arching palm fronds , clean trunks and the ground bare .
some lighting is simply placed in an urn with its opening pointing towards the base of the tree and the light arching its way into its lower trunk and branches .
the dust and dirt of many seasons gathered upon me , like the outer bark of a tree trunk , but never did i think i will wash .
yes , one trunk , mary ellen said , looking up into his face .
which is why i m stuck out here doing this , andrew said , wrapping anchor tape around the trunk of a tree .
all day , i used to change screwdriver blades , digging into trunks , rubbing their edges and tightening screws .
she looks in the direction of the bare tree across the snowy road , its branches arching up into a candelabra , snow streaking down its trunk .
the squirrel bounds along the branch , scattering snow as it goes , twists down the trees mottled silver - and - brown trunk to just above the ground , dives into the snow , and leaps out , its black fur glistening in the sun , somehow repelling the white flakes .
the triggerman pushed yanuss head down and pulled his knees up , almost to his chest , so they could wedge his feet into the trunk .
two men , about medium height and weight , hoisted the large crate into the trunk of what looked like an old crown victoria or grand marquis .
wriggle over to the trunk .
he reached inside the taurus and unlatched the trunk .
jenson frantically squirmed his way up to the lip the trunk .
daniel grabbed jensons taped ankles and hoisted his legs into the trunk .
no , i the workers and gawkers were too enthralled in the sandbagging operations to notice or care about the bright flash coming from behind the open trunk down canal road .
he shut the trunk of the taurus and walked past the sheriff .
when the light from the flashlight struck her face , she shut her eyes and twisted her head towards the trunk of the tree .
it was shortly after eight , so dark that hedges and tree trunks appeared blue , and the air was cold enough to make my cheeks burn inside five minutes .
mauer had his revolver out as his eyes swept every bush and tree trunk .
the six year old girl stood behind the trunk of a nearby elm tree .
the welter of trunks and branches and leaves completely hid them from the world .
she stood with back against the tree , lifted the knife to the top of her head , then sliced the trunk .
realising that at best she would suffer major tendon damage , and at worst have serious fractures , gil rose under her own steam until she was standing facing the trunk of the maple tree , with dee behind her .
he scooped anne up and dropped her into the trunk , then moved her legs and arms until she was lying in a fetal position .
she tried rolling to her right side , but the small trunk permitted little movement .
dampness and mist permeated everything looking from the taxi window : dripping from tree branches and catkin tendrils , damp mist rising from the swampland , moss like laden sponge carpeting tree trunks and rocks .
he stretches out and leans against a tree trunk .
all three are leaning against a different tree trunk , with their eyes closed , when they hear the first ... . crunch !
i pulled myself together and leaned against the trunk of the tree .
with a rush of tumbling stones that bounced forward into the void she was propelled sideways and managed to land across a tree trunk that stuck out from the bank .
she placed one foot behind another small tree trunk , used steve 's cupped hand as a support , and then his shoulder .
the shrubbery was growing in and weeds and grass covered the area but another tiny orange marker was nailed to a tree trunk ahead .
* lavina examined the path and made a slipknot in the rope , tied it around a small shrub trunk and tossed the rest of the rope down into the cavity below .
with donna like a shadow following every step , lavina pushed her way through the foliage of grass and ferns , over a massive tree trunk jammed across the gap and down another steep section of rocks until they were on the floor of the canyon .
he was a gigantic fellow with arms like tree trunks and a black beard that matched the singlet he wore over his tanned skin .
the fat man lay on the bed , propped up by pillows , dressed only in a shirt , big soft oak trunks of legs spread apart .
this time , the effect was instantaneous , and a brief roar of spawning fire reached dennis ears as he ducked behind the massive trunk .
we made ourselves comfortable in a little hollow , laying our burdens down carefully and propping our backs against the trunk of a large maple .
i leaned back against the tree trunk and closed my eyes .
to my right was the magnificent amont cliff with its ' elephant trunk ' arch .
tequila helped maxi sit up , propped against the thick trunk of a spruce .
a skid mark on the side of the road , burnt rubber over there , a broken tree trunk .
she looked around , a copse of trees sprouting up from the familiar fields , every trunk a steadfast soldier .. kayleigh reduced her speed even further , glancing into the rear view mirror to ensure no irate motorists were tailgating .
she pulled what appeared to be a knife from her pocket and , i can only assume , proceeded to carve something onto the trunk .
dylan ran a finger along the trunk .
standing beside the enormous trunk and staring straight up , she could see none of the skys blue , nor the top of the tree , and did nt doubt that if she was at the top shed be able to see god in person .
he leaned a shoulder against the enormous tree trunk and crossed his goat - like legs .
they look like branches writhing away from a perverted trunk .
after eating , i showered and changed into my beach trunks .
i had nt noticed any tears , but he was definitely upset , pacing nervously in his two tone quicksilver beach trunks , threadbare t - shirt , and flip flops .
susan drove past trees bulldozed over , huge trunks snapped , sharp wood sticking up like spears , into the last remaining wooded area where her childhood home stood surrounded by destruction .
then past stacks of broken trees , lying like twisted cadavers , their thick trunks snapped and splintered , arriving at the last remaining oasis of trees with daffodils lining empty lots and sunlit leaves turning pale green .
to her surprise she could spot the see and the beach between the trunks and the shrubbery .
he took out one of the paper targets and tacked it to a foot thick tree trunk several yards away .
in my scope the target exploded , splinters of tree flying out behind it as the rounds penetrated the wood and shattered the trunk .
i could see daylight through what had once been a solid trunk of wood .
martin stopped and stared as the top of the tree bent forward , as if bowing in greeting , before it snapped clean of the trunk and fell on top of him .
he lay pinned beneath the trunk , pushing uselessly against the log , which pressed him into the dirt .
we laughed together a bit more , and then he scrambled to his feet and checked the remains of the tree , where the .50 caliber rounds had blasted through the trunk .
i skidded behind an elm tree and stood rock still while rounds thudded into the other side of the trunk .
we darted between trees , bullets peppering trunks and showering us with fragments of wood .
victor dvorsky propped himself against the trunk of a maple tree and watched the fight with a carefully neutral expression .
the beautiful purples and pinks of the blossom shivered in the night breeze , revealing glimpses here and there of twigs , branches , and the bark of the trunk , dark , hard , and able to smash their bones and turn their bodies to sacks of blood soaked pulp .
he s opening the trunk , i see trees .
sitting on the edge of the trunk opening , her legs dangling so the blood could flow freely again , she transformed her face into a pout .
this raft - the result of 27 trunks of pines trees lashed together with nylon rope - gave buoyancy to all of their garments and guns , gasoline tanks and fishing gear , ammunition and books - all the provisions and supplies they required to survive in the wilderness for years should they choose to lose themselves for years .
the columns tapered downward , as though tree trunks had been planted upside down to prevent resprouting .
he heaved a sigh , then dropped down beside a tree trunk and clicked out the magazine of the black uzi .
he was resting against the trunk of a tree , gazing wearily down the mountain at the sun - baked asphalt of the facility stretching below .
he settled under a tree and leaned back against the trunk .
i could feel every rumble and thump of the cars tyres on the desiccated tarmac of londons neglected suburban trunk roads .
the trunk of this old american leviathan was bigger than i had imagined .
these relationships , this family world that i inhabited as a young boy and as a young man , was like the sap that coursed through the capillaries of the great gnarled trunk of the turkey oak in our garden , the boughs of which bore my weight and let me climb up towards the bright blue mediterranean sky .
i braced myself against the sides of the trunk and waited for the blinding , full frontal flood of daylight , waited for the dull crack of an automatic weapon in that final instant , but there was no light , no crack , no jolt .
even when the army started setting up sandbags and machine gun emplacements on key junctions and interchanges on the a4 trunk road , we still felt safe .
he bobbed and swayed like a drunken trapeze artist then pulled himself onto the branch and scampered up the limb and around the girth of the tree trunk .
forte sat with his back against a tree trunk behind the azalea bushes , watching the house for any shadows moving across the walls .
every minute or so , he glanced over at the tree where hallee sat sipping on her juice with her head against the tree trunk .
dodging between the tree trunks of the slope .
before he reached it he was hurling himself at the trunk .
without wasting a moment he clambered up the trunk using all the dexterity of a primate .
barely had he climbed a few feet up the trunk , when the wild dogs gathered at the base of the tree .
above , the trunk and the branches had grown thinner .
any higher , and the sapling - thin trunk would break , sending him plummeting among the hungry carnivores .
but he knew there was nothing he could do but to hang on to the trunk and wait for help .
while he single - handedly , grasped the tree trunk .
before phut could utter another word , he felt his arm losing its grasp on the trunk .
he quickly latched on to the trunk and hung there .
phut slithered down the trunk with misgivings .
these drums were made from hollowed tree trunks with a slit at one end .
it had no distinct trunk , just a head attached to a long tail .
it was a wooden trinket , an heirloom ... an intricate wooden carving of an eagle with the trunk of a coyote !
this dangerous dance continued till the keen edge of the metallic sabre caught the trunk of a tree .
marla was semi naked ; her arms were behind her and tied to a rope that had been wrapped around the trunk of the eucalypt tree .
he climbed up onto its trunk and steadied himself among the limbs ; he now had a birds eye view into her bedroom window .
he grabbed for the window ledge and boosted himself up using the trunk of the tree for leverage .
with his feet pressed firmly against the tree trunk and his chest pinned against the window ledge , he was free to use his hands to slide the window open .
a group of squirrels fled and hid in the tree crowns as they saw them appearing from a hollow tree - trunk , which hid the elevator .
i crept closer , tracing along the trunk of a banyan tree .
i rubbed each between my thumb and my forefinger for a moment : a flat star with six points , a lotus flower , a tiny elephant with its trunk raised , a model clanker , an hourglass vialus with whirling smoke inside , a crescent moon , and a human skull .
she darted behind the balizia 's gnarled trunk .
popping the trunk of the corolla , i handed my purse to nettie and carefully examined the christmas scene in front of me .
his limbs had been severed from his trunk with a construction workers power saw .
he slapped at brad who was trying to calm him down and then wrapped himself around a young tree trunk so that brad could nt even peel him off of it .
he stood with his back to the tree and his arms wrapped around the trunk behind him .
he then strode to the sycamore tree , picked up a thick metal cable bolted around the trunk , and dragged it back to the car .
her arms had been restrained above her head , pulled to the trunk of a tree .
he asked , circling the trunk of the tree , circling her .
he scratched at his head , had a seat on the trunk .
the trunk split eddies feet .
eddie banged his head back against the trunk of the tree in an attempt to force his mind away from the pain .
she bumped her bag against the trunk of a tree that was growing beside the sidewalk .
the first alternative , follows the coastal highway connecting gwadar to karachi , then roughly follows either indus or general trunk highway upto islamabad and from there to occupied kashmir .
horns honked several times a second and street hawkers would fly in and out of lanes , narrowly missing the hood of a car but finding themselves almost crushed against the trunk of another .
if the owner was not attached to the leg , then it had been placed there , propped up by the tree trunk .
now he was sheltered by an old dead tree trunk that had finally fallen over after being struck by lightning .
when russell prewl shot two shots into the trunk of the cadillac .
the boy slithered backwards on his buttocks , until he fetched up against the trunk of the bush and could go no further .
the boy jerked his head back , smacking it against the trunk of the bush .
easing his way back to the trunk , he hurried down to the ground as fast as he could , heart beating wildly .
all of that was nothing , par for the course for those days ... no , on my walk back over the border , i got stung by a scorpion , huge fucker , my leg swelled to the size of a tree trunk .
jay 's body struck against a huge tree trunk before he crumpled to the ground like a rag doll .
some workers drove very heavy machinery which could strip , cut and haul massive amounts of tree trunks .
its arm encloses the trees trunk at the peak .
it slides down the trunk and shears all of the branches off of it .
it creaked and i heard a crack from the tree 's trunk down below .
i jerked my weight forward and the tree trunk snapped and crackled again .
stepping close to a marked tree i swooping the blade slightly up to give a diagonal cut to the base of the trunk .
his right arm and shoulder were pain - free but twisted like a lightning - struck tree trunk .
the tree trunk abruptly stopped steve from travelling backward .
steve fired three rounds into the window , kicked it out , and crawled onto the trunk .
branches were falling out of trees , bullets lodging into trunks .
the branch was sturdy enough to hold my weight near the trunk .
just beyond the summit , the trunk of a medium sized tree lay across the track .
the trunk was just slender enough and already partly buried in the sand , so that he d see a chance to pass over it with the speed he was carrying .
when they came to the cruiser , a little further down the back slope , they could see that the vehicle had crashed over the trunk , doing some damage to the bull bars at the front , but more importantly twisting the right front wing of the vehicle upwards .
they started to come across small dry pans where the water had evaporated and the elephants had moved on leaving only droppings and the trunks of a few dead trees that had been pulled out of the ground and had their roots chewed away .
the trees were not so large or numerous : here and there a fat giant boabob ; or an umbrella thorn seen in the distance , with slender boughs rising up from a low thick trunk to that certain height where the tree decided to spread a flat green canopy across a broad sweep of sky .
the tree was no match for the land cruiser and timber splintered as the vehicle ground to a halt with the front end riding up over the remains of the trunk and the back sunk deeply into the sand .
if you can , walk so there s a tree trunk between you and the courtyard , it will help .
the trunk was three feet in diameter , and the limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground .
her fingers reached through the trunk and touched his cheek gently .
venna her fingers slipped back into the tree trunk .
their tires skidded as they constantly swerved around fallen branches and trunks of trees that could nt withstand the seemingly malicious winds .
jimmy stomped on the whelping sea lions back and glided over the tree trunk smoothly .
a stampede of uncontrolled violet water covered the trunks of the tall trees just barely missing the old people who clung to the branches like baby monkeys on their mothers back .
there were no bushes , gravel or branches to be seen ; only the strongest trunks of the trees remained .
she sat with her back against the trunk of the live oak tree and closed her eyes , enjoying the warm spring day .
as the leaves and branches closed around her , she stopped and leaned against the trunk of a massive oak , gasping , fighting to suck air into her lungs .
fifteen steps or so later we were between the trunks of two large pine trees .
a little white ghost of a personage blending in perfectly with the snow , save for her dark hair and green reflective eyes , standing at the farthest reach of the light , between the trunks of two large pines .
jacobs jumped over the trunk and knelt behind it until he heard the muffled pad of sneakers on the talcum - fine sand .
they took the middle course away from the trunk and within two minutes roth came huffing and puffing up behind them on the far side of the ditch at the shoulder of the asphalt two - lane at 17 .
stood by the trunk of dinahs car , peering into the dark .
doubled over , arm spread out over the trunk .
scratched his nose , rapped his knuckles on the trunk .
he curiously peeked around the tree trunk and watched while a red 1956 chevy bel - air convertible and a white 1956 chevy corvette parked in the clearing facing the river .
ernie flew back and the back of his head smacked into a tree trunk .
he ducked down by the trunk .
disproportion to its height , the gnarled trunk was a stout forty feet in diameter and its canopy provided shade from the midday sun for fifty feet in all directions .
the driver and one security man had been sitting on the trunk of their car the whole time .
she could tell the canoe had been hand carved from one trunk and was not convinced about its ability to float .
suddenly , without a word and with blinding speed , he drew both his guns and opened fire , sue watched as the tree trunk was hit time after time and lumps of wood flew off in all directions and then it fell the top branches laid in the river .
sue pondered for a moment , then took aim and squeezed her whole hand , the glock jumped and to her amazement a chunk of bark flew off the remains off the trunk .
a solitary pathetic figure stumbling but steadfast , along the unmade mud and grass verge that lined the busy trunk road , buffeted by the slip - stream of speeding lorries .
she shushed me with a finger to her lips , pointing at a row of boards nailed to the back of the tree trunk .
each rickety board had been nailed with enough metal to build a space ship , although only a bare minimum of nails had actually made it through the wood to the trunk beyond .
tires churned a dust cloud going up marshalls dirt road , gravel pinging off the tree trunks .
i climbed , cling to the bamboo tree and pushed four trunks down .
mr adewale smooth a fat bamboo trunk to a size .
moments later , he saw the man stand up and stagger to the left , behind the large trunk of a tree .
todd ran to the place where the man was hit , but slowed to a near - halt before walking the few steps necessary to see around the trunk of the tree .
but terrified of being captured , i did nt dare stop and instead dove between skinny trunks .
as holden expertly negotiated rain soaked lanes which seemed suited only for one way traffic , crombie questioned rhyllann closely about the trunks and more importantly the warning stickers on the trunks sides .
as holden expertly negotiated rain soaked lanes which seemed suited only for one way traffic , crombie questioned rhyllann closely about the trunks and more importantly the warning stickers on the trunks sides .
next , he carefully rolled a large , heavy tree trunk over the grave which had been resting a few feet away .
he placed large stones along the trunk so it would never roll away again , then left with his various goodies .
huge log beams sawn from whole tree trunks supported a slanted ceiling that rose to join a wall more than twenty feet high on the bay side .
i pressed the gas pedal and moved on , losing sight of the house and its scowling occupants once we passed the trunks of two big trees and a screen of foliage that closed in behind us .
eventually we entered a very different sort of forest , one of giant trees towering more than a hundred feet above us on trunks a dozen feet wide at the base .
mckean exclaimed , enraptured by the titanic thick - barked trunks with open forest spaces between them .
between the spruce trunks grew a profusion of green salal bushes and lush sword ferns .
as we made our way down the bluff , the tree trunks increased in size and the understory was augmented with ten - foot tall salmonberry bushes .
a totem pole fashioned from a six - foot - thick tree trunk formed the center of the faade .
as i rounded a huge gnarled spruce trunk , i took one last look and saw her press her cheek against archawats chest .
i kept the gas pedal down hard as the road veered around a huge sitka spruce trunk , knowing my only chance to reestablish a lead over our pursuers lay in the mustangs superior maneuverability .
as i rounded another huge tree trunk at an almost impossible speed , steel shouted , easy , fin !
i grabbed hold of the trunk of a large madrona and lowered myself down a couple feet .
now , they pulled a couple of gasoline canisters from the trunk of the beat up ford taurus .
the group did not even pause or react to his arrow as it sailed harmlessly past them and into the rain forest , missing all the tree trunks in its path .
it had been pulled up against and under the trunk of a large fallen tree .
parts were blocked by the trunk .
there was bark missing from the trunks on several of them and most were marked with awkward carvings from bored children with pocketknives .
the van had struck the little roadster at high speed and driven it to the other side of the road , wrapping it securely around the sturdy trunk of a serenely indifferent old oak tree .
he turned his mind away from the emotions that rose from the alarming spectacle and concentrated instead on moving the sports car away from its snug wrap around the tree trunk .
the frame of the vehicle was wrapped so securely around the trunk that the whole tree threatened , with an agonized wooden pop to collapse directly onto the car .
raine circled the wreckage , unsure why the trunk of the tree as thick as it was , was still so very unstable .
then he saw it ; the vertical split in the wood caused by the impact of the car that traveled up the tree trunk from base to the first fork in the branches .
the front end of the car just barely in front of the place where her feet had been was wrapped around the trunk of a large old oak which , had it been just a little to the right would have crushed her feet and legs on impact .
jeremiah found cover behind a nearby tree trunk where he would be able to quickly reach ben if he was set alight from the explosion .
it was nt the massive expression of the powerful and twisted limbs that struck me , it was the unconditional kindness that seemed to sprout up from deep within the trunk and through the tips of the smallest twig .
when my feet were back on the ground , i tenderly placed my hand against the trunk again .
even now , i could feel the warmth of its life force cradle me as i curled up between the junctures of its trunk .
i watched as a shadow stepped away from the trunk of the tree and divided into two .
the tree , however , got closer , its giant black trunk obscuring my view of the dancing human shadows , one with red hair .
i swung myself up into her branches and secured myself around her trunk in what must have resembled a hug .
from their limbs and trunks protruded needle - sharp thorns that grew as long as three inches .
he grabbed the trunk of the spiky elm and felt the sharp prick of the thorns in his palms .
cole stroked and kicked back to the surface and again grabbed the spiky trunk .
ellie was lying motionless across the trunk .
he used it to knock off thorns from the trunk .
once cleared , he pulled himself up on the trunk and knocked more thorns off with the side of his tennis shoe , careful not to puncture the soles .
a second before she would ve gone under , cole caught her wrists and pulled her out of the water like a crane would lift a heavy load , and stood her on the huge trunk .
the shot zipped away off a tree trunk , close enough that it could not be confused with a farmer trying to ward off pesky crows .
there are dead tree trunks lying across the road .
i sit back down and lean against a small tree trunk .
-- chase the message was simple like a twig but as heavy a tree trunk .
with his body planted against the bark of the tree trunk , he waited and listened , but he could nt hear anything over the sound of the pouring rain .
he began to scale the trunk of the tree .
ben chose to go down one of the sinewy but slippery olive trunks .
the base was carved to look like a tree trunk , its four corners thick roots .
the trunk broke into five cut - off branches with intricately carved ivy climbing from the bottom and intertwining around each branch .
sticking out from the bark up and down the trunk were the round tops of big nails that pierced through cut - off animal headssquirrel heads , deer heads , possum heads , groundhog heads , cat heads , dog heads , rabbit heads , fish heads , and at the topa large raccoon head .
with legs and arms churning , the boys crawled , clawed , and scrabbled through thorny patches and weeds , past tree trunks , fallen branches , and rotting logs .
reverently , she stepped to the center of the circle looking upward , and then she slowly rotated to see the thick tree trunks and tangled greenery around the outskirts .
he directed the light along the fallen torso back to the smoking severance ten feet up the trunk .
the beam scanned over wide trunks and tangled forms that repeated and faded into black beyond the outer rim .
the large fallen hickory , slanting from the charred and splintered trunk , blocked his path .
all three youths gently touched the tree trunk with open palms .
after his mother had set a fire around midday , a fresh breeze sprung up and lifted some of the embers over the rocks at the base of the balit tree , where they lodged , scorching its broad trunk .
beneath the thick growth of branches at their high tops , clusters of green coconuts nestled in close to the trunk .
below the clusters of green coconuts , the long slim grey trunks of each tree further safeguarded its offspring by pushing its topmost and only branches out of reach of all but the most determined predators .
wondered if the lack of any other branches on the trunks , other than those at the tops , was by nature 's design , or whether the locals pruned all the other branches .
healed , but indented scars on the trunks could have been made as a result of pruning or as a human foothold to help scaling the tree .
the younger and shorter trees , with no fruit under their tops , had trunks of almost black to dark grey .
he waited behind the trunk of a banana tree and in the shadows of its leaves .
` ` lie still , '' said ueda before he ran off to the seaward side of the house and behind a big tree with several various sized rocks around its large trunk .
he looked carefully around the trunk to see a slim man walking in the roadway and heading toward the sea .
the man he had shot was lying on his back , his head barely a metre from the rocks surrounding the base of the trunk .
the closer his head came to the tree 's trunk , the more his stomach muscles tightened .
with his forearm resting against the trunk , he leaned forward and reached down to pick up the torch .
it had jammed loosely between the trunk and the rocks , but a little jiggling saw it come free .
he leaned back over the rocks to shine the torch beam around the area between the trunk and the rocks .
the side of my face bruised instantly against the blow dealt by the dark - haired tree trunk .
chapter ten even the old ash tree 's trunk , shone in a golden glow .
paul was standing by the tree leaning against the huge trunk .
putra glanced at the nearby trees and spotted the initials of unknown lovers carved into the living trunk , an effort to immortalize a sentiment that always proved fleeting and illusory .
slugs tore into the tree trunk .
a table made from the wide trunk of a tree was placed in between the couches .
he set the beer and the pizza box on the tree trunk table .
guess what grows on the trunks of the maples ?
they sat crossed legged on the floor , facing each other and used the coffee table , which was actually a knotty pine trunk , to eat the not so glamorous snack .
chairs were made of stumps , table tops from tree trunk slices .
the road ended at a clearing , and the ground flattened , our path blocked by a wall of thick tree trunks and overgrown bushes .
i noticed his were barely embedded in the tree trunk .
such as the contemporary stone bridge that zigzagged across one segment of the pond yet still blended well in the historic asian setting , or the gnarled trunks of some trees that contrasted with the willowy slenderness of others .
some had saws for the tree trunks which lay there , some spades for continuing the ditches .
the very big pieces which were still tree trunks were probably gobbled up in the factories of war back in germany .
as the tree swayed through the branches of its neighbours , one of its own branches twisted and snapped away from the main trunk and fell directly on to one of the men carrying logs back down to the main track .
the other made it to the man trapped by the branch and tried to pull him away from the falling trunk , but it was no use .
the tree - cutter 's legs were visible under a blanket of pine needles , but most of his body lay under the trunk .
then he heard groaning from the other side of the tree trunk .
geller had heard it too , and meyer watched in astonishment as geller vaulted the tree trunk .
the man was being crushed by the tree trunk .
you two , get this tree stripped and the trunk cut .
meyer cleared the snow from around the trunk of the next tree they would fell and knocked off the ice which had stuck to the bark on the tree 's exposed side .
geller took a small hand - axe and made a notch in the trunk around thirty centimetres from the ground .
in spite of the time it took to saw through the tree trunk , the work was much easier than the backbreaking collection of wood .
the boxes they carved in the pine trunks to collect the gum would be sloped so that the bossman could roll a fifty - cent piece straight from front to back .
the eastern sky was bloated with fast moving gray clouds and the wind was picking up , rattling the palmettos and leaves of the hardwoods , limber pines rubbing their upper trunks together and creaking like the timbers of a ship .
the wind was whisking through the pine needles and howling around the resistance of tree trunks , children were crying , men cursing , dogs barking .
tommy whispered , hiding behind a stout pine trunk with merry gay hanging to her right shoulder .
merry gay leaned into the tree trunk and tugged on her shoes , leaving them unlaced , her toes squishing mud .
the wind was whistling in the pine top overhead and rocking the limber groaning trunk .
behind , merry gay expected to see the trunks in the ditch and the jars of vegetables churned to soup .
but except for some shifting of the trunks and a sprinkling of tiny lavender waxberries nothing had changed .
looking behind her at the jostling trunks , covered in wet tarps , raindrops pecking and bouncing off them like glass beads , merry gay decided not to listen , if she could help it .
she wanted to lean into the tree trunk for support but she would be too close and the flowers smelled too clean and sweet .
the ancient live oaks along the lane strike various poses , their trunks having been shaped by generations of wind and climbing children .
resurrection ferns growing along the branches , which are bigger than the average tree trunk , look dry as hay stubble from lack of rain .
as the fat man neared , the stranger slipped almost imperceptibly from the fat mans view behind the oaks large trunk .
as the fat moved forward to the place at the side of the oak trunk , where a minute earlier the stranger had stood , and as he stood there in that very spot , the stranger had circled the tree , and in the act , picked up some instrument from among the leaves on the floor and moved round so that he now stood behind the fat man .
when he had arrived at his destination , he deftly unhooked the box , placed it gently on the floor and covered it over with some branches , which had earlier been severed from their trunk .
their trunks are like old men covered with wrinkles of worry .
i lean over to pull some of its broken braches away , and then sit with my back resting up against its trunk .
i slightly twist one loose end of the wire to the tree trunk that were leaning against .
i set the pile back down , but on the other side of the tree trunk this time .
i move to my left and wrap this end of the wire around the base of fallen tree trunk .
the sheriff had me spread eagled on the trunk when they got out of the car .
the owl , planning his attack , was suddenly jolted , by an abrupt shaking of the trunk of the hundred year old tree .
sally backlin led the two of them over to the nearest royal palm and helped beverly carefully lower her down so her back could rest against the trunk .
as they followed her into the burned - out area , jack noticed how the pine trunks had been charred coal black .
the remaining needles high up were a dead brown , and the usual spindly little branches sticking out here and there lower down the trunks had been burned off .
every single trunk was sprouting new little branchlets , pushing them through the scorched crust of the bark and sporting baby needles of bright green .
as shed done all day , weezy led the way , winding through the blackened trunks until she came to a break in the trees .
as they walked a weaving course through the blackened tree trunks , jack saw green branchlets poking through the charred bark .
he lurched around in his seat , peering over the trunk .
the gangly one was leisurely smoking a cigarette while the pudgier one was retrieving something from the trunk of a silver crown victoria .
there was a long streak of red across its trunk that connected to a blood trail leading down the street .
so why do you need us to take this , lilly asked us as she backed away from the trunk .
pop the trunk , mike finally interrupted .
up ahead was a steep incline that led up to another level of the forest covered with fallen autumn leaves and several felled tree trunks .
scattered about were other clues that this had once been a farm and a homestrands of twisted barbed wire running straight through the center of twelve - inch tree trunks , a fallen outhouse , a rusted , bottomless wash tub , a tireless bicycle frame .
nsa 's already hacked the key internet hubs and when the time comes , they 'll take control of all main trunk fiber optic connections .
a few yards ahead , an ancient tree stood in her way , its wide trunk blocking most of her view .
she staggered back , her hand seizing a nearby tree trunk which she used to keep herself upright .
upon reaching the cover of trees , she flung herself behind a wide trunk and clutched her chest with both hands .
a foolish bravery seized her as she stepped over a fallen tree trunk .
the trunk was familiar , though it could have been one of hundreds in the area .
not a rustle washed over the leaves in the branches as she rose to her feet , steadying herself against the nearest trunk .
circling a wide tree trunk , sophie stumbled to a halt , letting out a faint scream as she almost ran headlong into a tall figure standing in her path .
lukas leaned against a thick trunk , his arms folded across his chest and a cold look on his face .
the first time she stumbled , her palms scraped against the trunk of a wide tree .
ragino looked bigger in his clothes than in boxing trunks .
we found a tree that hung far enough that we could climb down its trunk and then fall into the clearing .
she used a long fingernail of her index finger to chip away at the bark from a tree trunk , while she stole a panoramic view of the entire park .
this was propped against another plank of wood to keep it well away from the trunk of the mango tree .
he struggled further upwards and leaned on the trunk of the mango tree for a few minutes .
he pushed a bit more and it flew open with a loud crack and hit the trunk of a tree behind .
it then cocked its leg over a tuft of dock leaves that the municipal mowers had failed to remove from around the tree trunk .
and there in ettaville ya can beat up on some them hard tree trunks , instead of soft fleshy faces , fingers the open doorway .
cody crouches on bent kneecaps crawling low under the tree limbs of pine , oak , and maple just to name a few of the native tree trunks in alabama , listening to the odd sound .
he quits counting and irons his back to a tree trunk to keep them from spotting him .
the batteries are so weak that she is following only a small spot of light , as she heads out through the dead trees , trunks making a creaking sound where they rub together .
kim stands in the yard with adam , waving till the van turns off the lane to the gravel road and disappears behind the vertical , log - like wall of dead pine trunks .
he knew he had to draw the men away and lose them in this maze of trunks and vines , then he could double back to the pyre .
she knelt in the grass and stared between two of the conifers ' trunks .
much safer if she could have slipped through here , but there was chain - link fencing strung between the trunks and stapled to the wood .
the soldier moved out from behind the tree slowly , scraping his shoulder along the trunk .
big alaskan birch trees with trunks nearly as white as the snow that covered them were full in the presidents view .
then , abruptly , the greenery parted to reveal the black trunk of a massive tree .
sal was less than ten feet away , his back pinned to the trunk of a tree , his eyes fixed straight ahead .
the car careened off the road and collided head - on with the trunk of a palm tree .
some soared two hundred feet in the air and had trunks wide enough to build roads through .
lianas and vines and creepers looped and snaked through the branches and around the tree trunks like a tangle of woody intestines .
she wandered off behind the trunk of a tree large enough to conceal a minivan .
he wrapped the painter line around a tree trunk and secured it with a bowline knot .
fitzgerald dropped to his stomach , scrambled back through the underbrush , and flattened himself against the trunk of a tree .
the diameter of the trunk was at least six feet , providing her ample cover .
eryn and biddy chopped up into pieces , their mutilated trunks preserved in the subzero northern ireland winter weather , frozen in an ice rink of blood on the floor of the living room where he had opened presents with them on christmas day one month before .
we heard a crash against the top of the trunk ; i turned back and saw one of the hooded figures bending down and picking up another rock .
the trees whipped past the window and in the spaces between their long trunks lay a vast expanse of nothing , the ground below unseen .
the trunks of trees charged towards the windshield .
here , hang onto this , he said and then took the rest of the rope and carefully wrapped it around the tree trunk , slipping here and there on the moist leaves and pine needles that blanketed the forest ground .
the drum of rain was anything but an even tempo , punctuated by clattering branches and groaning trunks .
only a few gargantuan firesmade of a dozen tree trunks eachcould compete with the rain .
splinters , twigs , branches , and boles were all cast aside like leaves in a tornado , trunks snapped like toothpicks .
frank untangled himself from the nest of ruined branches and mauled trunks .
he rushed through the mossy , damp trunks recklessly .
he scanned the wet trunks of the forest , the soggy clumps of the swamp .
for now , i stayed behind a maple tree whose massive trunk had split into two directions .
that was lucky for me because i could hide easily behind and look out through the split trunk .
the shaft struck the left breast , but did not penetrate deep enough through the tough hide and thick hair that covered most of the beasts trunk .
they were blundering through the tall pines , ben bouncing like a pinball from one tree trunk to the next .
some of the walls were built well with planks sawn from wide tree trunks , while other sections looked hastily constructed with twigs and small branches not much bigger than my thumb .
the saucepan fireplace ringed by stones is still in its usual place in the centre , about 30 centimetres from the thick tree trunk .
his arms are like tree trunks , and i feel safe : not even the spinning ceiling can touch me for a while .
* * * * two alex holed up under the banyan tree high above kona town and watched the storm clouds roll in , the rain pit - patting at the long twine - like branches and trickling down the craggy and curvy trunk that was , he realized after an hour or so , actually an interweaving of many lean trunks .
* * * * two alex holed up under the banyan tree high above kona town and watched the storm clouds roll in , the rain pit - patting at the long twine - like branches and trickling down the craggy and curvy trunk that was , he realized after an hour or so , actually an interweaving of many lean trunks .
dragging his sleeping foot he moved along the perimeter of the yard , sticking to the bushes and palm trunks , scouting the windows .
soon - os neck was the thickness of two necks , a trunk , and alex saw the pointy tips of a tribal tattoo shooting up that trunk , wanting to pierce soon - os kinky black hair that today soon - o had parted down the middle ( the two black humps of head resembling , alex thought , the islands two huge volcano slopes in sundown silhouette ) .
soon - os neck was the thickness of two necks , a trunk , and alex saw the pointy tips of a tribal tattoo shooting up that trunk , wanting to pierce soon - os kinky black hair that today soon - o had parted down the middle ( the two black humps of head resembling , alex thought , the islands two huge volcano slopes in sundown silhouette ) .
they passed the edge of the palms , where a hammock was strung between two trunks .
he peed on the spot , into the trunk of a bush for quiet .
` ` come on daddy , '' i punched him in the arm ; kind of like taking a swing at an oak tree trunk .
` ` climb up as far as you can but stick to the main trunk .
in a frantic dash followed by jennifer and wounded boy she crashed through the firs and found the canoe moored to a tree trunk that hung out over the water .
he switched his eyes to the shore ahead , moved the boat out around a partly submerged tree trunk and cut back the throttle .
on their side , the water lapped the trunks of the firs that grew from an almost vertical cliff .
the choppy surface swirled in whirlpools with broken branches and larger trunks carried along as the water surged by .
he was there , urinating against a tree trunk .
meanwhile , the others appeared and soon daniel was searched , escorted over the road and made to sit with his back against a tree trunk .
she grabbed a branch and pulled herself up to the next tree trunk .
the climb was n't difficult and , by staying on the upside of the tree trunks , she made slow progress until a beach again appeared below .
he could take the coast road that runs through fremington 's quiet little world of bungalow boredom , but he prefers to see the lights of bideford scatter along the torridge estuary as he breasts the last hill on the main trunk .
they re hitting the main trunk road now on the outskirts of bideford .
they head out to roundswell and join the main trunk through bideford and on towards the border with cornwall .
the doctor hits the junction and accelerates through the left turn , swerving across the road as he heads out towards the main north devon trunk road .
the bideford bridge disappears as he climbs the ascent to the top of the first stretch of dual carriageway on the main trunk road east .
the tall woman was leaning against the trunk of the nearly dead elm , holding her purse in both hands .
she crawled along the branch towards the trunk , unslinging her pack as she did .
the trunk shriveled into a desiccated husk , branches spindling awkwardly out .
support posts and beams made from strong cedar tree trunks sunk deep into the ground .
they both jumped to the tree , hanging on to the burning trunk of the charred stump .
she lay there , slumped against the tree trunk , for what seemed like hours .
her head resembled a tree in some ways , with her face as the trunk and her hair as a sprawling , willowy mess of blonde hair .
she could just make out the truck with its front end lodged into the trunk of a tree .
she retched until there was nothing left and knelt down hugging the trunk .
vitori removed himself from the car and prodded anna to do the same using a swift knock on the trunk .
he careened through the entrance of calf pasture beach , bouncing over a lawn area , scraping park benches , and luckily missing the stout trunks of the large oak trees that lined the entrance .
you can cut off the trunk but you ve got to deal with the branches .
the whiteness of his face , the wrinkles , the scraggly eyebrows , the divots and spots - all of his features reminded her of an old maple tree that grew in the park near her childhood home in cincinnati , where a troupe of boy scouts sapped it for a month every spring , jabbing twenty spigots in the trunk and filling pails until it dried out .
neat flowerbeds flourished around the base of several tree trunks and a quaint , white house stood at the rear of the opening .
the trunk swung upward with grit - filled hinges complaining all the way .
a huge sweet gum tree had fallen and its trunk lay sprawled across the road behind him , blocking the way from which he had come .
a heavy thud sounded from the forward end of the plant and a twenty - foot long oak tree trunk hit the belts .
mud caked on my boots , and it stuck to my picking sack , so that after an hour i felt as if i were dragging a tree trunk .
nesbit sat on the trunk of his car and watched the fortifying of downtown clanton .
langdon , his concentration having been masterfully diverted , tried to counter , but the pipe felt like a tree trunk in his hands .
it clattered down the tree trunk to the ground .
reacher pushed away from the trunk and squeezed some circulation back into his forearm .
reacher was cuffed around the trunk of a hundred - foot pine .
she kept herself parallel to it , thirty or forty yards away to the north , and fought through the tough whippy stems growing sideways from the trunks .
he vanished behind the sturdy trunk and reacher felt the cuffs come off .
he imagined them smacking into the trunks either side of him as he ran and dodged .
its trunk was contorted as it fought for light and air , one way and then the next .
fowler shouldered past ray and turned and leaned on the trunk .
he had been forced up onto his toes and his feet had been nailed flat against the base of the trunks .
the techs hauled out a cable the thickness of a sapling 's trunk from the flatbed and locked it into a port on the side of the closed truck .
most places , the vegetation was so dense a man could barely squeeze between the tree trunks .
once , he slammed into a pine trunk .
he walked deeper into the woods and sat down against a trunk .
leaned on a trunk and waited for brogan and milosevic .
they were squatted down , backs to adjacent trunks , thirty yards into the woods , invisible .
hemlock frosty came in four sections - a wide round base , a slightly smaller snowball that wedged into the base , then a trunk , then the head with the face and hat .
when the tree was in place , the hood and trunk were already accumulating dead pine needles , lots of them .
luther grabbed the trunk of the tree , lifted it with a strain , swung , the bottom through the door and pulled the whole thing through .
spike clutched the trunk of the tree , terrified .
trogdon had used a strand of red lights , one solitary string of them , and had wrapped them tightly around the trunk of the tree .
there were four parts to frosty - a wide , round base , then a snowball , then the trunk with one arm waving and one hand on hip , then the head with his smiling face , corncob pipe , and black top hat .
then the trunk .
he stopped and leaned against one trunk , facing north .
the trees had long thin supple trunks and round compact crowns to withstand the winds .
thin straight trunks , round crowns .
around the tree was a circular wooden bench way too big for the thin trunk .
twenty yards to the north , on the left , was the shadowy bulk of an old ruined water tower , still with a wide soft hose like an elephant 's trunk , which once must have been connected to carter crossing 's freshwater spring , and which once must have stood ready to replenish the greedy steam locomotives that halted there .
there were narrow black tongues of burned scrub all over the last fifty yards , and what was left of the vehicle itself was nested against the trees in the epicenter of a starburst of blackened trunks and branches .
its elephant 's trunk was made from some kind of black rubberized canvas , gone all perished and patchy with age .
the trunks were of various thicknesses and mostly three or four feet apart .
the breeze rattled leaves , and tree trunks moved and groaned , and tiny animals scuttled .
i heard brambles wrenching and tearing , and twigs crunching and snapping , and i heard hollow clonks that i took to be plastic m16 stocks hitting trunks as the guys squeezed themselves through narrow gaps between trees .
twenty yards south of us the old water tower started to shake and its elephant 's trunk started to sway .
blue - man , and bond could not see exactly as the trunk of a plane - tree beside him just then intervened to obscure his vision , bent forward and seemed to fiddle with the case .
but there were red traces on the road , and on the pavements and against the trunks of the trees , and there were glittering shreds high up in the branches .
there was a tree like any other , its branches sweeping the ground , and i crawled in under them and up against the trunk and waited for the rasping of my breath to quieten down .
sharks and barracuda had left nothing but the trunk and the remains of a thigh .
through the slats of the jalousies bond looked across the little garden , aflame with hibiscus , bougainvillea and roses , which ended in the tiny crescent of white sand half obscured by the trunks of the palms .
he played with her hair with his right hand and they sat for a while looking out between the trunks of the palm trees at the sea and the light fading on the island .
he got to his knees in the sandy depression against the trunk of the bush where he had been sitting for nearly two hours and , his arms bent protectingly over his head , scrambled out into the open .
you wo n't let me get my arms round the trunk . ''
delicately , like the questing trunk of an elephant , one of the long seizing tentacles broke the surface and palped its way up the wire towards his leg .
bond got out of the car and lounged against the parapet of the river wall , watching between the trunks of the plane trees .
bond picked the thick trunk of a fir tree and got behind it .
soon he would be up with the big sheltering trunk he had used before .
below the trunk of his tree , spreadeagled on the ground , was a body .
it began beneath the clump of black hair and ran past the trunk of the trees into the grass .
the tiny gold circle , silhouetted against the trunk of the tree , glittered in the moonlight .
that thing smells like burning wrestlers ' trunks . '
casually bond bent to examine the trunks .
but then the colt spoke its single word , and the killer and his bsa , as if lassoed from within the forest , veered crazily off the road , leapt the ditch and crashed head - on into the trunk of a beech .
for a moment the tangle of man and machinery clung to the broad trunk and then , with a metallic death - rattle , toppled backwards into the grass .
this would be right for his clothes , its trunk was thick enough and it stood slightly back from the wall of spruce .
he stayed like that for a full ten minutes , a motionless brown shadow against the wide trunk of the oak .
bond reached the trunk of the tree .
bond unslung his rifle and knapsack and sat down with his back against the trunk of the tree .
bond watched the lithe dark green figure until it had vanished among the tree - trunks , then he impatiently picked up the glass and went back to his vantage - point .
he clipped the telescopic sight on to the barrel of the savage and took his stance against the trunk of the tree .
then , holding the rifle loosely , he leaned against the trunk and watched the scene .
again and again his bullets thudded into the trunk beside and above bond .
she stood up against the trunk of the tree with her back to him .
at the base of the tail bond could see the jagged poison - spines standing up from the trunk .
the crews call the tubes the ` sherwood forest ' because they 're painted green and the missile compartment looks like rows of great big tree trunks .
he planted his feet on the tree trunk and pressed his back and shoulders forcefully upward .
the ice around the fallen tree , perforated by branches and debris , was weakened already , and as he drove his powerful legs into the trunk , his head and shoulders broke through the ice , crashing up into the winter night .
at the trunk , and at the hood .
it had been turned and backed up so its trunk faced the sea .
it was like carrying a two - hundred - pound tree trunk .
` ` in the cadillac 's trunk .
the columns were lit from below by a series of individual red spotlights , creating a surreal forest of illuminated trunks that telescoped off into the darkness like some kind of mirrored illusion .
the corpse reached into the trunk and grabbed hold of lexi 's arms .
she was half - hidden behind the trunk of a magnolia tree .
the pictures shooting on the lot were the best years of our lives , with myrna loy and fredric march ; saratoga trunk , with gary cooper and ingrid bergman ; and the secret life of walter mitty , with danny kaye and virginia mayo .
he 's as excited and dismayed as a man who has just seen satan peering at him from around a tree trunk .
she walked to her pecan tree and sat against its trunk .
the tree was large with bulky limbs and a massive trunk .
one sat on the trunk and lit a cigarette .
she guided cassiopeia to the thick trunk of a tall maple , one of three stately trees shading the garden .
their trunks had been a foot thick in neely 's glory days , and now their branches touched above him and their leaves dropped like snow and covered the road to rake field .
jon , randi , and li kuonyi stepped away from the fallen trunk .
he heard the fluttering of an owl in the enormous bald cypress tree , its reddish trunk seemingly barkless , gnarled and grooved like an old crone 's neck .
the seat was about three feet square ; the heavy straps that held it up were secured around the tree and kept in place by a couple of eye - bolts that had been threaded through the trunk .
as he drew within thirty feet of the tree , he found a line of sight through the bramble , trunks , and branches and looked where he expected to find the stand .
another deer stand - bigger , higher , and newer , it seemed , secured to the vast trunk of an old plane tree .
and for practical purposes , concertina wire was what it might as well have been , coiled around the trunk of the ninety - foot - tall plane tree .
the branch projected straight out from the trunk , just about horizontally , for maybe twenty - five straight feet , and for fifteen feet of that it was thicker than his thigh .
the strap 's latch had been positioned on the other side of the trunk , toward the stand .
now ambler stepped out of position , slammed himself against the tree trunk , and dropped his hands .
and the bare - knuckled punch connected with the trunk .
most of the mountain pines were ` ` limbed up '' : though dense at the center , they had shed the branches that once grew at the bases of their trunks .
latham grabbed the man by the throat , hurling him into the trunk of a tree .
the man was leaning against the trunk of atree and facing down , his sweep of vision taking ineverything below .
now smith could just make out the outline of half a camoed face , peering around the tree trunk .
in a moment he found the small hollow in the place where the branch was thickest as it attached to the trunk .
without hesitation , he mounted the nether side of the tree , where its thick trunk afforded him deep shadow .
he moved through the forest slowly and deliberately , his eyes scanning tree trunk after tree trunk until he found what he was looking for .
he moved through the forest slowly and deliberately , his eyes scanning tree trunk after tree trunk until he found what he was looking for .
the chestnut trees on the lip of the gorge had given way to tougher cypresses , whose twisted trunks extended from the earthen crannies between boulders .
backing moira against the trunk of a tree , she put her hand up , twining a wisp of moira 's hair around her forefinger .
scarlett raced down the driveway , skirted the dead man , passing around the trunk of the car , and flung herself into bourne 's arms .
at this time of year there were no leaves or fruit , of course , but the twisted , stunted boles , like the trunks of elephants , bore a life of their own that gave the vineyard a certain mystery , a mythic aspect , as if these sleeping vines needed only the spell of a wizard to come awake .
bourne swung his trailing legs onto the trunk .
then , so abruptly it took his breath away , it whipped around a corner and he slid off the trunk , his body now banging against the driver's - side fender .
using the fulcrum of the pulp hook 's turned wooden handle , he levered his legs back up onto the trunk , only to have the driver slew the cadillac so that he was almost thrown completely clear of the car .
bourne took advantage to swing himself back up onto the trunk .
its rear struck a tree , the bumper broke in two , the trunk collapsed , and there it sat , a crippled animal .
he found nothing useful inside the trunk , so he trudged several paces into the trees , snapped off a handful of substantial branches , which he wedged in front of the right rear tire .
thirty feet into the shoreline woods , jason slammed the contact into the trunk of a tree .
they walked down through the woods , the elderly d'anjou gripping the trunks of trees and saplings to ease the descent .
he knelt down and dug a hole deep enough to conceal the sack ; he left the top of it open , picked up the knife and cut a notch in the trunk of the nearest tree to expose the white wood beneath the bark .
bourne spotted the white notch in the tree trunk and drove the sedan off the road between two pine trees .
jason rammed the weapon into the back of the killer 's neck as he peered around the trunk .
he gripped the trunk , his body still , rigid .
the tree with the white notch on the trunk .
enough to determine a vicinity , conceivably to pinpoint a location , but given the hundreds of thousands of miles of trunk lines probably inadequate to pick up a specific phone .
lamps and chandeliers were extinguished , supplanted by a startling array of floodlights positioned in the eaves of the great house and the trunks of the surrounding trees .
` yes , sir , ' said the conduit , walking around the trunks of trees , approaching jason .
he saw the shrouded silhouette of a figure coming towards him and spun around the trunk of a tree .
shouted holland , the beam of his flashlight angled down between tree trunks .
the solitary walks in the woods when he 'd come back with hands bruised from attacking tree trunks ; the quiet , stifled tears in his study late at night when he could n't remember what he was or what he 'd done , thinking the worst of himself -- they were gone , johnny !
` ` go down on the border of that path and wherever you can , string this line across it , tying it to limbs or trunks or the strongest branches you can find .
i also do n't know if carlos has sources in the island 's trunk lines that could trace a call between there and here , but i do know that alex 's phone is sterile .
a third , powerfully built man in a chauffeur 's uniform appeared from behind the trunk of the car .
there were explosions , white blinding lights with blurred figures running in a jungle ... and then a man , an oriental , being shot repeatedly , screaming as he was hammered into the trunk of a large tree by an automatic weapon .
` ` give me all the firepower i need from this trunk of yours and let me off in the grass just before the armory .
the young kgb driver from the assault squad was sprawled on the ground by the trunk of the dark green sedan , the wounds in his head certifying death .
he stayed directly behind the car and slid snake - like on his belly until he was in the shadow of the trunk .
he screamed as he grabbed mark 's hair and flung him onto the trunk of the car .
when he had him pinned and still and subdued , the lawyer stuck the hose back into the exhaust pipe , then yanked mark off the trunk by his collar and dragged him through the weeds to the driver 's door , which was open .
` ` well , me and ricky were back in the woods playing this afternoon , and we saw this big black car parked in a clearing with the motor running , and when we got closer there was this man lying across the trunk with a gun in his mouth .
he paused in his story for a few seconds , then told how the man stormed out of the car , saw the garden hose lying harmlessly in the weeds , and crawled on the trunk and shot himself .
one of them sat on the trunk , and the car shook .
mcauliff took advantage of the moment and walked rapidly down the path , then cut across the grass to the trunk of a large palm .
mcauliff pressed himself against the palm trunk .
in its death fall , the tons of ripping , scraping wood - against - wood within the huge trunk had caused the phenomenon .
he crouched at the trunk of the farthest tree ; the others did the same .
radio signals that are piped into telephone trunk lines throughout the island .
there had been palm trunks and rocks showing through the surface of the water , crossing the narrow stream .
and on the right palm trunk were two snakes in lateral slow motion , curving their way towards him .
as he slopped through the mud and the growth and over fallen trunks , he realized his magazine clip was empty without stopping he reached into his pocket and pulled out a fresh clip , snapping the old one out of its slot and slamming the new one in .
sam tucker crawled over the ridge above the river bank and rolled towards the base of the ceiba trunk .
tucker shouldered his way up the ceiba trunk into a sitting position .
sam recalled the vine that had dropped from the trunk of the ceiba tree .
fifteen seconds later he silently clawed his way up the trunk of a ceiba tree , rifle across his back , his hands noiselessly testing the low branches , discomforted by the additional weight of the object held in place inside his field jacket by the belt .
crime scene tape was wound between tree trunks .
initials were carved on its trunk .
he sat on the trunk and rubbed his temples .
she slammed the trunk and sped away in the rabbit .
he saw telltale signs : the trunk of the old apple tree was too thick where someone stood behind it , watching .
then he raised his gaze to look around at the wheels of other rvs and the thick tree trunks of the forest .
in his dark suit and black silk shirt , he lowered his bulk beside the stub of a dwarfed tree , put his weapon to the right of the twisted trunk and took the infrared binoculars out of his pocket .
they both lowered themselves on to the track surrounded by thick trunks and foliage .
' this is a trunk line to my apartment , mr . o'reilly ... you may switch systems , operator . '
it was a thick , heavy limb newly blown down by the wind , sap still oozing from the shards where it had been snapped from a larger source in the trunk .
he concealed himself behind the trunk on the right , gripped the heavy limb and raised it until it leaned against the bark above his head .
between the trunks and the lower foliage he could see the startled figures across the road .
breathlessly , weingrass walked out from behind the trunk and knelt down .
he moved north , from tree trunk to tree trunk , until he was sixty feet above the anxious man , who kept glancing south .
he moved north , from tree trunk to tree trunk , until he was sixty feet above the anxious man , who kept glancing south .
emmanuel weingrass raised the silenced pistol , firming it against the trunk of a tree , moving it back and forth between the two terrorists .
weingrass held on to the trunk of the tree , his fingernails bleeding as he dug into the bark , his long black overcoat billowing in the wind .
the foliage was lush and thick and damp ; trees everywhere rose to heights of twenty , perhaps thirty feet , with heavy vines that appeared to spring from one trunk to another , arms enveloping arms and bodies .
black shafts and swelling shadows became dark trunks and spotted palms and tangled , blue - green underbrush .
there were tropical vines all around him , thick and strong from the moisture and the winds constantly assaulting their trunks .
they merely fell away and returned to the earth , ready to sprout trunks of their own one day . '
as janson approached it , the thick trunk suddenly revealed a rude patch of white .
now he heaved himself up the trunk , as quietly as he could .
it was incredibly lifelike , admittedly - the work of an arboreal madame tussaud - but up close he could see that it was an artificial construction attached to the trunk by means of metal rigging , an arrangement of steel - wire rope , rings , and bolts , all spray - painted an olive drab .
he nested himself in the middle of an old pine tree , largely concealing himself behind its trunk and the profusion of its needle - laden fronds .
` ` every c fiber in your body - every pain - transmitting nerve - feeds into this main trunk of nerve bundles that i ' m stimulating right now .
she watched as the figure hustled into the rain , toward the trees , using the wind and thick trunks for cover , advancing away , toward the dock from where she 'd come .
he sought cover behind the trunk of a hefty oak .
she was a stout woman , thick in the shoulders and trunk , with a handshake that was firm and felt like a man 's .
the bullet tore past smith 's head and smacked into the trunk of a tall cottonwood tree not far away .
he found mcrae crouched behind a fallen tree trunk overgrown with vines and moved low into position beside him .
he slid to the ground and lay splayed against the chalk - white trunk of the birch tree .
he made a move to his right , then abruptly spun to his left and lunged to the ground , rolling behind the trunk of an oak tree .
the man swung the beam of light into the , cluster of trunks and hanging limbs .
he crawled back to the trunk of the tree and tried to gather his thoughts .
suddenly , the beam of light shot upward , dancing briefly in the higher regions of the thinning trunks , then plummeted down , the glow stationary , dulled by the foliage on the ground .
as he rounded the trunk of the automobile toward the path , he heard the sound of maletkin 's window being rolled down .
he leaped , his hands clawing the bark , his knees vicing the trunk ; he scaled up to the first limb , swinging his leg over it , pulling himself up into a sitting position , his back against the tree .
she threw herself inside as he ran around the trunk toward the driver 's side .
he jumped out of the raft and pulled it between the rocks to the sand , securing it to the trunk of a palm .
they had turned off the scenic route onto a wide dirt road cut out of a forest , huge trees flanking them , eliminating any view but thick trunks , climbing vines , and dense foliage , an underbrush that seemed impenetrable .
matareisen crawled to the edge of the forest like rough , then stood up by a thick trunk of a tree .
a design had been tooled faintly into the leather : it was a spreading tree with three points of flame rising over the base of the trunk , consuming it .
his athletic shoes struggled for traction , caught on the shiny paint , and he raced across the roof and over the trunk .
his nerves edgy , he lay close to the trunk , barely breathing , holding his sig sauer , safe for the moment .
once past brussels , he left the trunk road and took smaller highways and back roads , watching behind to be certain he was not being tailed .
randi sat up against a palm trunk .
he crouched behind a tree trunk and studied the terrorists in the clearing and around the chalet .
he passed around photos of patrick 's burned - out blazer at the site ; photos of the site the next morning without the blazer ; photos of the charred brush , soil , the burned weeds and trunk of a tree .
his back is to the trunk of the oak , a nice setting .
he was about to crawl back into the field when he saw , about fifteen feet to his left , a machine gun with a german soldier propped up against the trunk of a tree .
a german officer , the blood on his forehead slowly congealing , stood upright hidden from the american by the trunk of a wide pine tree .
every once in a while , a farmer in the somme cuts down an oak tree , sits down on the trunk , and then sickens and dies .
sweeping the flashlight 's narrow beam in an arc , he began searching for a dab of red paint on a tree trunk .
he turned the torch back on , moved it slowly from left to right until he struck another glistening patch of red paint on a tree trunk twenty - five feet north - northwest .
seconds ticked by ; metcalfe could no longer stand here , hidden behind the trunk of a tree .
a bullet splintered a tree trunk not five feet away .
a scrambled , enciphered radio transmission relayed to a transmitter in estonia where it 's amplified , the signal sent over buried telephone trunk lines . ''
he 'd parked the car just past a bend in the hard - packed lane and watched the house from behind a tree trunk .
zovastina admired the two stout trees , their trunks held close to the ground by a coiled rope .
he heard voices , so he increased his pace , stopping behind a thick trunk near the path 's end .
cassiopeia continued her attack , planting her foot into zovastina 's stomach and slamming the woman 's head into the trunk of one of the trees .
reacher mashed the pedal and angled out forward close to the rear comer of the woman 's wrecked sedan and scraped the guy off against the trunk .
there was a fountain with underwater lighting playing softly and the trees were lit with spotlamps fastened to their trunks .
they were kneeling down , facing each other around the trunk .
then eventually it turned on to the fire road , beaten dirt now under its wheels , bare frozen trunks to the left and right , a narrow slice of night sky visible overhead , plenty of stars , no moon , the gps satellites thousands of miles up connecting perfectly , guiding it , showing it the limits of safety .
two guys were in the lot , hauling bags out of the trunk of a red ford taurus .
he climbed out and took a leak against the pine 's ancient trunk .
one got in on the near side , and the other looped around the trunk .
a few birch trunks shine candlelike in the inner darkness .
first one foot shifts , then a knee , the spavined waist , the second foot , finally the cadaverous trunk .
at this speed , they can notice the moss blistering the trunks of the oaks and the bright smears of sunlight on the forest 's floor , which is brownish gray and resembles a layer of rumpled felt .
within that world , paths that are not paths wind mazelike between the thick trunks and lead to mysterious clearings .
as if reminded of their daily routine , the bees lift from jack 's head , his trunk , his arms and legs , not en masse , like a living carpet , but individually and in parties of five and six , wander a short distance above him , then swirl around , shoot like bullets eastward over the houses on the inland side of nailhouse row , and disappear one and all into the same dark infinity .
groaning , the huge trunks bow , and the branches twine like snakes about one another , bringing into being a solid wall of gray , pointed leaves .
he was wearing lineman 's spikes on his feet and a lineman 's belt held him firmly against the trunk of the tree .
he had watched the entire holocaust from behind the thick , gnarled trunk of an old elm .
he was built like a tree trunk , and his heavy , hairy arms waved emphatically as he told us how pleased he was to have us in his establishment .
i 'd have to get melinda or avery to come pick it up pretty quick , because as soon as the news of poppy 's death was widely known , that car in that location might as well have a big scarlet a printed on the trunk .
the shepherd wove between trees and leaped over fallen trunks with ease , while simultaneously keeping his quarry and tucker in view .
to his right , forty feet ahead , kane was also frozen , crouched atop a fallen trunk , his eyes fixed .
using a prepaid calling card , tucker dialed sigma 's cover trunk line , then waited through another series of encoder tones before crowe 's voice came on the line .
on impulse , he swung his left leg out , curled it , and hooked the trunk with his ankle .
` ` hang on , give me a second ... '' tucker lifted his hips , freeing his right leg from under his butt , then extended it and hooked it around the sapling trunk above the other ankle .
leaving kane propped against a trunk , he climbed upward and angled toward the tree into which the rucksack was wedged .
slowly tucker reached forward , grasped the nearest trunk , and laid himself flat .
he kept his gun steady , waiting for a clear shot , but from the stealthy noise of retreat , felice was on the move , heading back up the slope , using the trunks to screen herself .
the thigh - sized chunk of tree trunk , buried under a few inches of snow and held fast by the thinnest film of ice , broke free and started rolling downhill , taking tucker and a swath of snow with it .
the man spun counterclockwise and disappeared behind the trunk of a spruce .
the trees had wide trunks that narrowed to a cluster of leafless branches that ended in single star - shaped buds .
will propped javier against the toppled trunk of a dead saguaro .
will kept staring at the trunk of the dead saguaro , as if the man might rematerialize , but he was n't there .
he sat down against the trunk of a large birch and waited .
he scanned the woods - slim black tree trunks , his footprints leading up a gentle slope .
the next branch above her head was barely the width of her thumb , but she took hold where it joined the trunk , climbed another two feet .
the wolf fell onto its back , and she scrambled up another two feet , found a solid branch to stand on , her arms wrapped around the trunk of the spruce as if clinging to life itself .
she 'd dozed off , her face flattened against the tree trunk , her cheek bark - scraped and numb from the cold .
which had a trunk .
soft , but certainly audible , a knocking on the underside of the infiniti 's trunk .
it was coming from the trunk of an infiniti g35 in a bank parking lot twenty yards away .
it took three swift kicks with his powerful legs before the trunk unlatched , yawing open .
there were drifts to the second - floor windows , and a snow tunnel with fifteen - foot walls had been shoveled to the portico of unbarked douglas fir trunks .
isaiah followed the stone pathway up to the portico , passing between the massive rotting douglas fir trunks .
at the lake 's edge , a hundred yards from the big douglas fir trunks of the portico , they collapsed in the snow .
just before dawn , she passed through an odorless stand of trees stripped to their trunks - an ossuary of burned evergreens , this barkless , coneless , leafless , blackened wood mass - murdered some time ago by an electrical storm .
abigail lifted the nalgene bottle , and as she unscrewed the lid to take another sip , it twitched , the tree trunk between them went psst , a piece of bark flew off , struck her face , and two streams of water shot out from the middle of the bottle , one arcing into the snow , the other into her lap .
at dusk , they came into the aspen grove - slim silvered trunks as far as they could see , some marred with arborglyphs , carved graffiti from the old west .
abigail clambered back onto her feet and ran up the wash , tree trunks chipping off all around her , bark exploding .
but the rock skipped off a tree trunk and landed just five yards downslope of isaiah .
she turned and peered between straight white aspen trunks back out into the glade .
then they screamed , pounding and kicking the inside of the trunk .
he yelled , moving toward the trunk .
walter leaned against the trunk of a red spruce and lit a cigarette .
i reached in without hesitation and , grabbing his arms just above the elbows , dragged him out of the trunk and let him fall into the grass .
an obese woman bundled up in a puffy pink parka , which did not flatter her proportions , stared at me quizzically from the trunk of the lexus .
she tapped on the trunk .
but her captor had warned that if she yelled or beat on the trunk even once , he would kill her slowly .
then he read one of the numerous post - it notes stuck to the rafters : describe the woman in rock springs in the puffy pink jacket who heard orson yelling in the trunk stepping carefully over an unfolded roadmap of wyoming , horace found himself standing before andrew thomas 's writing desk , bookended by bookshelves , cluttered with a typewriter , dictionary , bible , thesaurus , and the audubon society field guide to north american trees ( eastern region ) .
` ` it 's the trunk of that psychopath 's car . ''
vi shrieked , sprang to her feet , and bolted into the woods , tree trunks screaming by , her animal panting drowning even the sound of her predator 's footsteps .
after ten feet , its front bumper collided gently with the trunk of a live oak and the car was at rest , idling quietly .
he crawled to the back of the car , poked his head above the trunk in time to see the shotgun jerk and fire come roaring out the barrel .
max peered over the trunk again .
blinked , and there was the barrel of the shotgun , peeking over the other side of the trunk and max felt the ground beneath him and he was staring through the twisted limbs of those haunted trees at flinders of a fading sky the color of his wife 's name and he tried to say it , tried to call out to her .
another twenty to carve a wedge into the trunk , and when the spruce finally fell across the road , it perfumed the air with sap and splintered wood .
his voice echoed through the immense lobby as the beam of his light passed across the hearth and moved up seven stories of framework supported by a forest of burnished tree trunks .
watched himself lying on his side on the moist ground with his back against the tree trunk .
behind the tree line , shadows moved among the scaly trunks of the palm trees .
i let my human shield go , plucking a dagger from his belt as he dropped and praying that my aim would be as good as it always had been , after countless hours at home spent tormenting the trunks of trees with throwing knives .
he stayed in the bushes , like a rodent in the darkened undergrowth , curled up in roots , crouched with his arms around the trunks of trees , crouched in his own stink and watching me with craven eyes .
he still had his pistol , and darted behind a huge tree trunk , spinning and raising his gun arm .
instead , i dropped to my belly and wormed my way beneath a fallen tree trunk , where i was suddenly at eye level with braddock .
beneath the tree trunk i closed my eyes and cursed as the men picked braddock up and took him away .
we stayed in the trees , crawling on our bellies and using my spyglass to squint through trunks and bare branches at distant men , who made their way around the camp and clustered around fires trying to keep warm .
the injured man 's sword had slipped from his hand , and he leaned forward , his back against the tree trunk , grasping his ankle and grimacing .
he 's a pious blowhard with arms like tree trunks . '
` ` and you will see that from the group of determined men and women i gather around us , i will forge a sword capable of cutting the limbs and head from the trunk of the borgia - and of the templars themselves . ''
but as he followed jimmy 's gaze and picked out the cars that he knew held keys , sean felt a dull ache grow behind his eyes , and in the hard sunlight bouncing off the trunks and hoods , he could feel the weight of the street , its homes , the entire point and its expectations for him .
16 good to see you , too dave was walking michael back from school when they turned the corner and saw sean devine and another guy leaning against the trunk of a black sedan parked in front of the boyles ' place .
dave squinted as the sun broke from behind a cloud and bounced hard off the shiny black trunk of the government sedan .
he stepped up to the trunk , one hand pinching his nose , and said , ` ` where 's the guy 's face ? ''
sean craned his head into the trunk and took a good look at the pulverized face .
whitey stepped up to the trunk .
` ` not fit for man or beast , '' mcpherson said as a thin branch , torn from its mother trunk , floated past the windshield .
they reached the trees and no one shouted , no one fired a warning shot , and then they went deeper and vanished in the stand of thick trunks and disrupted leaves .
half of them sat on the trunk of a faded blue chevy malibu with a bright yellow denver boot strapped to the front tire because the owner had n't paid his parking tickets .
someone screamed something at us as we went past , and a bottle shattered against the trunk .
both rear doors were sharply dented , as if they 'd been squeezed by forceps , and the paint on the trunk was torn off in a jagged circle that revealed the primer underneath .
i turned , saw agent fields standing by the trunk of a dark plymouth .
just over the trunk of the car i noticed a piece of the fence push forward in the darkness and a gaping space open in its place .
tampa international looked to have erupted from the center of a mangrove forest , and everywhere i looked i saw shades of green - the dark blackish green of the mangrove leaves themselves , the wet gray - green of their trunks , the grassy small hills that bordered the ramps into and out of the airport , the bright teal tramcars that crisscrossed the terminals like something out of blade runner if it had been directed by walt disney .
it hit the barrier under the last of the yellow fins so hard it bounced sideways and then backward , its heavy gold body jumping trunk first into both lanes ahead of us .
` ` get back in , '' angie yelled at me as she swung the celica to the right , trying to clear the trunk of the lexus as it jumped across our path .
i cleared the hood of the celica and landed on the trunk of the lexus like a porpoise , my chest slashing through the beads of water and pebbled glass without slowing down much .
it was about ten yards back , its trunk attached now to the crumpled hood of the celica .
it was a representation of some eastern god or mythological figure , a woman wearing a crown on her head , but her face marred by the trunk of an elephant in place of a nose .
poole studied the trunk of the dead tree .
i walked across the parking lot , felt the adrenaline turning to jelly in my calves , the gravel crunching underfoot , heard the sharp cry of a bird slicing through the air from the direction of walden pond , saw the sun soften and spread against the tree trunks as it died .
poole came over to the car , rested his hand on the trunk , but he did n't sound so sure .
he supported himself on a tree trunk for a moment , sucked in the night air .
leaves in the trees behind angie leaped into the night and bullets spit into the trunks , snapped thin branches .
troopers moved in and out of the hills , returning with bags filled with shell casings and several shards of bullets recovered from rock face and dug out from tree trunks .
broussard walked across and up the road to the back of the taurus and popped the trunk .
before i was even sure i 'd seen it , the deer hopped over the lawn and into the trees , and its white tail flashed once between two trunks and was gone .
then he smashed the tennis racket down onto the audi 's trunk , drove a gouge in the center that was about nine inches long .
i slipped on the ice and grabbed the trunk of a black tree to steady myself .
we reached the edge of the tree line by the rear bumper of the bmw , and i peeked my head around the final tree trunk .
angie , bubba , and i worked our way through the thin trunks to the last group fronting the bog .
so thick , in fact , that no matter how much i adjusted and readjusted the focus , i could see nothing but black trunks and green moss going back fifty yards .
bubba fidgeted , then absently punched a tree trunk .
it was as stiff and gnarled back there as one of the tree trunks .
it matched the tree trunks by the church .
he climbed out and stepped onto the gravel and his eyes fell on a stand of dark trees on the other side of the tracks , thinned by winter , the pale morning light passing between the trunks .
as a young sergeant , he 'd broken the trunk murder case , a front - pager if ever one existed , and the publicity that followed sent him shooting -- quite helplessly , it was noted -- to the top ranks of the department .
it moved around the tree trunks like it was looking for someone .
the bald cypress rose like great eggs from the milky green water , and prehistoric banyan trees with a dozen or more trunks stood watch like palace guards .
grabbing at the thigh - sized trunk of the young maple tree between the cottage and the dock , sam paused briefly to get her bearings .
shrugging the worry away , she released her hold on the tree trunk and continued up toward the cottage .
sam nodded as she settled on the fallen tree trunk .
all there was before her were dirt and tree trunks and an expectant silence that had the hair crawling on the back of her neck .
he was there somewhere , eshe knew it , waiting , either behind one of the wide tree trunks or even up a tree in the branches overhead .
she was at the trunk of the car before drina realized she did n't have keys , but harper was already there beside her , handling the matter .
when roxy barked and they broke the kiss with a start , valerie glanced down to see that she 'd tried to climb the man like he was a tree trunk .
claire threw a nervous glance at the fire suddenly climbing the trunk of the tall pine .
the range rover was out of control , coming to an abrupt halt as the front bumper wrapped around the trunk of a small tree .
the amphisbaena demon had the wings and the trunk of a vast chicken .
they slipped and plunged and stumbled betweenthe huge dark trunks that stood like columns in themist .
cady 's eyes were shut , her headleaning against the dark furrowed trunk of the tree.her lips were moving , although maggie couldn'thear any sound .
she glanced at the motionless figure clinging trancelike to the fir 's trunk , then held upanother finger .
breaking away from the humans , i hurried toward the tree and found a thick , gnarled old trunk that looked as if it had been struck by lightning several times .
i put my shoulder to the trunk and pushed , digging my feet into the slippery grass and dirt , shoving with all my might .
the stubborn tree resisted a moment , then with a brittle crack , its trunk split and it toppled slowly to the ground , landing half on and half off the road .
the other let off a string of expletives but moved forward to grab the trunk .
i asked zeke , who was busy winding one end of the rope around the trunk before knotting it tight .
as the rest of the group cheered , zeke stumbled over to a tree , tied the rope around the trunk , and then sat down heavily in the mud , apparently exhausted .
as i turned to look at them , something big came hurtling toward us over the water - a broken tree trunk , bouncing on the waves .
the trunk slammed into him , tearing him away from the rope , and he vanished into the waves .
a dark shape huddled among the needles , clinging desperately to the trunk .
the man gasped , sinking back against the trunk , extending one leg with a grimace .
two hours past midnight on the second night , i finally heard voices , drifting ahead of me through the trunks and branches , and my heart leaped .
as i huddled behind the trunk , watching the shambling horde , i noticed a weird thing .
i leaned against the trunk of a thick oak , fighting the urge to follow the vicious creatures beneath the earth .
he glanced at me from where he was leaning against a tree trunk .
unseen in the wild night , the occasional wisp of smoke drifted among the trunks .
but the trees were tall firs , dripping wet with dank bracken underneath among the black trunks .
the trunk creaked at the added weight .
he brought me in for a tender kiss as spike 's attention was diverted by a squirrel running up a nearby tree trunk .
i could see ragged scratches along some of the trunks , reminding me that we humans , and one vampire , were n't the only inhabitants of the forest .
he was resting his arm against a trunk and was posing in a seductive way that led me to believe whomever he was talking to was of the female persuasion , and of the pretty kind .
shea entered the thick forest of trees , touched their trunks reverently .
the moss itself looked like emeralds scattered along the winding stream and up the trunks of trees .
her hands found the trunk of a tree , fingertips feeling each whorl , hearing the sap running like blood , the very life of the tree .
exhausted and sated , shea lay her head on his shoulder as he leaned against the barreled trunk of the closest tree .
shea felt behind her for a solid tree trunk , needing to touch something real .
tendrils of fog were drifting into the forest , winding around thick tree trunks , spreading out to hover a few feet from the ground .
she heard the sound of ragged breathing and stopped , shrinking back against a broad tree trunk .
he was huddled against a broad tree trunk , down low near the timberline .
tendrils of fog wound low to the ground around tree trunks and bushes .
gregori remained hunkered down , low to the ground , his solid bulk rivaling the broad tree trunks .
a creature seemed to materialize from nowhere , hit him hard in the chest , picked him up and drove his body into a tree trunk .
to her horror , the dirty water from the puddle moved as well , ringing a tall tree like a dark noose , cutting into the trunk as if it were a garrote .
even as the tree trunk groaned and splintered and the earth rolled , there was a terrible sound as the tree broke in half , knocking the top from the tree and driving the large , heavy branches straight down on them .
the trunk remained untouched and solid , the top having cracked and fallen in the bitter cold .
following the trunk of the great tree , we fall into the nether world .
he did his tree act again , melting into the trunk , becoming part of the growth , until the small group walked back toward the house .
he closed his eyes and leaned against a tree trunk .
she perched on a large tree trunk that lay across the forest floor .
at once desari was gone , leaping away from him like a gazelle , her taunting laughter floating on the wind as she alighted on the huge fallen tree trunk .
it rippled again , and the tree trunk itself began to split apart .
high above , the bird circled the blackened land and watched as several charred trees began to ripple like waves , the bark separating from the trunks , long black shadows moving silently to surround the tall , broad - shouldered man .
she blinked and found that the stalagmites , large columns of minerals deposited from water dripping over the centuries , had twisted into thick tree trunks , branches spreading across the chamber floor to twine with one another and form a forest .
the wind was just strong enough to stir the mist , not dislodge it , so that the she caught glimpses of the thick twisting trunk , leading upward toward the sky and down beneath the soil .
the trunk appeared quite old , grayish in color .
there were a few dark knots in the trunk and branches and one or two places where it may have lost a limb over time , but the tree appeared healthy .
lara waded through the rising water to get to the wide , thick trunk so she could examine it up close .
faint , shallow marks were burned into the trunk leading up toward the branches where new life waited .
the path led up toward the high branches , but also followed the trunk down to the maze of roots below the earth .
she went down the trunk and followed the root system , seeking the source .
lara drifted down the long trunk , pursuing the tracks , using scent and sight .
it leapt from the streaming water to the trunk of a tree , looking at her with large , earnest eyes .
the trees nearest him split in two , the sound horrendous as trunks hit the ground , shaking the earth .
a shadowy form separated itself from a gnarled trunk and slithered along the rich vegetation , ignoring the shriveling leaves and blackened grasses as it glided into a cleared space in the center of the trees .
his strength was enormous and the snarling creature hit a tree trunk with such force it shook the branches .
it was necessary to warn his lifemate , to get her clear of the battle when henrik clawed his way up a tree trunk in preparation of joining the melee .
most of all she tried not to notice the vampire licking at the smears of blood left behind from the wounds on her ankles along the trunk of the tree .
vikirnoff forced his body into a sitting position , his back against a tree trunk .
vikirnoff was standing just below the fallen tree trunk she was balancing on .
he leaned lazily against a broad tree trunk , watching intently as the colored molecules began to mesh together to form destiny 's curvaceous figure .
he smelled wild , dangerous , and his body was as hard as a tree trunk .
he stopped for a moment beside a huge oak tree and leaned against the trunk , remembering that horrible day a few months earlier when he had found savon crouched over syndil , her body a mass of bite marks and bruises .
she crawled almost blindly toward a tree and dragged herself unsteadily up to brace herself on the trunk .
in his present form he could leap easily over fallen tree trunks or any other obstacle in his path .
tempest watched , leaning for support against a tree trunk , wondering if she had somehow found alice 's rabbit hole in the middle of a california state forest .
tempest 's breath caught in her throat , and she shrank back against the tree trunk and held up her palms to push against the hard wall of his chest .
` ` do you think you could stand on your own without the tree trunk supporting you ? ''
tempest patted the tree trunk , reluctant to find out .
moss covered the tree trunks rising skyward .
it embedded itself halfway into the trunk of a pine tree .
he pressed her back against a fallen tree , turning her in his arms so that she could brace her hands on the huge trunk .
aidan moved away from the abomination and into the trunk .
the vampire leaned over the trunk of the car , prepared to grab the sleeping child .
his cold eyes suspiciously examined the trunk , then the blackened ground .
he lifted a bony hand tipped with razor - sharp nails and pointed toward the open trunk .
the first viper made its way into the trunk .
their hollow trunks were followed instantly by a hot sizzling , and the smell of cooking meat filled the air as snake after snake went to its death .
aidan melted away from the illusionist and reappeared beside the trunk of the car .
he allowed himself a deep , cleansing breath and sagged against a tree trunk .
he eased her down to the ground so she could rest her back against a broad tree trunk .
he was heavy , but juliette was strong , and she dragged him into the cover of the bushes , sending up a small prayer that no predatory animal would find him defenseless , propped up against a broad tree trunk .
he stopped near a thick tree trunk , a shadow in the darkness .
juliette half sat with her back against the tree trunk watching riordan carefully .
every kind of plant climbed the trunks of the trees and twisted around branches , creating a jungle of foliage .
with an oath , gregori closed the wound in the man 's throat and eased him to the ground , propping him up against a broad tree trunk .
his body was hard , like the trunk of a tree , completely immovable .
` ` i do not suppose you would want to sing your brother into a tree trunk for me . ''
she was silent , her leaps taking her over fallen tree trunks and even wider streams .
he spotted hundreds of frogs and lizards dotting the branches and trunks as he swept by .
tree frogs dotted the trunks and branches while lizards used leaves for umbrellas .
flowers burst into bright color , winding up the great trunks , curling around limbs , petals drenched and dripping , alive with vivid beauty through the various shades of green that made up the rain forest .
coiled around the massive trunks were thousands of climbing plants of various nature , using the trees as ladders to the sun .
lianas , looped and twisted into tangles , were full of crevices and grooves , ideal hiding places for the animals taking shelter up and down the trunks and in the branches .
vegetation coiled along every trunk and took up every available space , crowding so close it took effort to push through to the broken limestone blocks that were strewn about and half buried in the thick vegetation covering what once had been a clearing .
an army of ants swarmed up and over the fallen trunk just behind zacarias .
dominic jerked zacarias away from the trunk , throwing him behind him , an instinctive reaction to protect the other man .
a few yards away , sap ran like black blood , oozing from the trunk of a fig tree .
zacarias moved closer , flowing over the ground , moving fast , reaching the tree just as the massive trunk broke open and expelled the foul creature poisoning it .
drago had evidently traveled through the ground and entered the fig tree via the roots , emerging from the trunk when he thought it safe .
a large snake that was twisted around the branches lifted its head and slithered along the trunk , uncoiling its long body as it descended to the ground and slithered almost to drago 's feet .
she saw them flowing like a black river over the fallen trunks , moving toward her .
brodrick scrambled up the trunk and landed behind her , hard enough to shake the tree .
her body hit a branch and broke it in half , sending the heavy jaguar careening against the trunk and finally off of her .
if she did n't kill herself by knocking her head on the trunk , she might have a chance .
brett walked toward steve , picking his way over the tree trunk .
by the time she was able to find the strength to lift her head again and crawl the rest of the way onto the maze of branches to the solid trunk , the insects were once again humming , frogs were croaking and the rain had let up to a fine silvery mist .
mustering as much strength as she could , she crawled along the trunk to the bank and let herself fall onto the ground , into the mud and grass .
she melted into the trees , her body close to the trunk .
insects swarmed up the tree trunks and over fallen logs .
the bolt slammed into the tree as she jumped into the branches of the next tree , landing hard , catching with one hand , claws bursting through her left hand to grip the trunk while her right hand clutched her weapon .
the rain forest burst with color , flowers winding up the tree trunks , great splashes of brilliant purples and pinks and bright ruby reds .
above her head , fluorescent mushrooms appeared suspended in midair , growing on the trunks of trees that blended in with the night .
she kept to a brisk pace for several miles , working her way up the steeper slopes , leaping over decaying trunks and skirting termite mounds .
the thick mist wound around the fig tree , crawling up the trunk like the liana vines .
solange heard a series of grunts and the whisper of fur along the trunk .
solange fired off several rounds as the large black cat tore up the tree trunk , shredding bark as it scrambled to get to her .
the tree exploded , branches splintering , the trunk blackened .
a snake lifted its head and lizards skittered across boughs and trunks .
after centuries of seeing in black - and - white with shades of gray , now the surrounding jungle held violent color , hues of vivid greens , a riot of colored flowers spilling down tree trunks along with creeper vines .
the questions crowded in fast and loud , mixing with the voices until he wanted to hit his head against the nearest tree trunk .
trees rose all around her , giant , smooth trunks rising without branches , nearly to the canopy .
vines crept up the trunks , weaving their way through orchids and over shrubs , ferns and the moss sprouting from the branches .
evidently the creature had had enough of humans , and it leapt to the nearest tree trunk , landing near two other small frogs .
small frogs dotted the trunks and branches , leaping from one tree to the next , following maryann 's progress .
the huge trunks rose up out of the fog , seemingly disembodied from the roots holding them to ground .
she was n't a runner , but she picked up the pace , smoothly , easily , leaping over fallen tree trunks as if she 'd been born with the reflexes , something inside her urging her to hurry .
manolito staggered , fell back into the broad trunk of a tree and stood shocked and staring .
she caught a tree trunk , hugging hard , breathing deep to try to calm the panic .
sure enough , frogs leapt from roots to branches , from trunk to trunk .
sure enough , frogs leapt from roots to branches , from trunk to trunk .
the sound of lightning striking the tree was loud , the trunk splitting , the jaguar howling .
tendrils of fog wound in and out of the tree trunks , adding to the mystery and beauty .
it gave up any pretense of hiding its intent and sprang onto the trunk of a large tree .
the jaguar slammed into an invisible wall and fell straight down , clawing desperately for a purchase on the trunk or branches as it crashed through , breaking boughs along the way .
still holding her gaze , he flew through the air and landed on the trunk of the tree beside the one she was in and began to slither up the side .
the idea of letting go of herself , of her own identity , was almost more terrifying than the vampire crawling up the tree trunk .
flowers wound up and down the trunks of the trees , blossoming in every vibrant color possible .
` ` often when he leaps for the tree , the bag rubs a small amount of moss off the trunk or branch .
her fresh , clean fragrance was reminiscent of rain forest mist and the unique and beautiful heliconias that grew up the tree trunks and called to the hummingbirds with their sweetness .
tiny colorful frogs leaped from branch to trunk , their sticky feet clinging to the surfaces as they followed her on her precarious journey .
she rounded a bend , winding her way around a thick tree trunk and a capibara stared at her , crouched directly in her way .
large eyes stared at her for a moment just feet from her , then the animal leaped onto the trunk of a tree and raced to higher branches .
the insects boiled out of the ground and rushed down the trunks of trees at his bidding .
julio had marked branches - as children they 'd tried that - but eventually plants anchored themselves to everything - stems , branches , trunks , even leaves of other plants wrapping themselves around the trees .
a fallen emergent with a giant trunk lay in her path , years old , saplings already filling in the void it left .
the rotting trunk was covered in insects , fungus and creepers .
he was enormously strong , his arms like the trunk of a kapok tree , hard and unyielding , a cage she could n't escape .
they flew across the field and then the next one , riding the edge of the rain forest where the tangle of fern , trees and wildflowers winding up trunks added to the beauty of the moment .
the bright vibrant greens of the rain forest , the bursts of brilliant colors of flowers winding up the trunks of trees , even the hues on the lacy ferns all had disappeared to be replaced by a dreary gray .
there was no telltale sap running down the trunk , no hint of tree cancer , just that vague movement he 'd caught out of the corner of his eye .
instantly the ground burst open near the tree with the glittery leaves , the dirt rising like a geyser , a tangled vine exploding upward , wrapping around the tree , strangling the trunk and rising higher , toward the canopy , smothering everything it touched , everywhere it reached .
a dark , hooded figure emerged slowly from the trunk of a large kapok tree .
flowers winding up tree trunks lost petals .
his eyes , sharper than a human 's because they were adapted for hunting , made out the darker shadow leaning against a trunk .
hidden among the branches and other resting birds , he listened to the whisper of the leaves and the quake of fear running through the tree trunks .
the vampire attacked from the sky , raining fire on the clone trees , slamming bolt after bolt of lightning into the large tree trunks so that they burst into flames and blackened under the heavy assault .
the trunks split apart , some falling under the blasts from the sky .
it streaked to the nearest tree , sliding inside the blackened trunk .
rafael kept his sharp gaze fixed on the trees as the vampire 's shadow raced from one trunk to another in an attempt to make it out of the cloned forest to safe ground .
she turned her head and looked over her shoulder at the tall , powerful male emerging from the twisted , gnarled trunk of a large evergreen fir .
the trunk gaped open , split nearly in two , blackened and peeled back , the needles on the outstretched limbs withering as the tree expelled the venomous creature from its depths .
a forest took up one wall , each needle and limb and gnarled trunk in rich detail .
he could make out a huge tree trunk , with many long , sweeping branches reaching across the rock as if to shade the pool .
as the large trunks struck other trees , they fell in a domino effect , pointing like an arrow in the direction the wolf pack had gone .
everywhere the sparks touched , the trees froze , turning a ghastly white , the color spreading like a disease along branches and needles , down the trunks to the ground itself , where the forest floor buckled under the icy pressure .
razvan walked along beside her , feeling content , occasionally scooping snow into his hand and packing it to form a ball just to throw it at a tree trunk as they passed .
gregori folded his arms and leaned against the broad trunk of a tree and watched the frenzied , chaotic fight , the battle raging furiously as the ghouls continued hurling the missiles and others continued rapidly building until the structure began to form a roof , now surrounding them on all four sides , confining them within its walls .
split tree trunks .
razvan regarded her with dark , somber eyes , leaning against a tree trunk with casual ease , watching her move like quicksilver through the snow .
byron 's muscular body was as hard as a tree trunk .
he swirled around the trunks .
the moon revealed the trunk , black with blood .
they scrambled to their feet , tavia laughing as chase tried to pull her to safety behind the trunk of a thick pine .
he checks over his shoulder and then tucks us behind the trunk of a large tree .
` ` i actually meant only if you were really serious , '' ash said as he came up short against the cedar 's bare trunk .
putting the car in park , bill hopped out to remove the tree trunk from the driveway as easily as if it had been a toothpick .
the tree shuddered as he shimmied down the trunk .
he dropped down onto his haunches in a stretch of thick - forested land , resting his back against the trunk of a soaring oak tree .
lichen and moss coated fallen trunks and anything stationary , making everything appear fuzzy , any sharp edges smothered by green .
picking her way over rocks and stone tree trunks , she increased her pace when she could .
she hurried to her car , set her portfolio on the trunk , then fumbled in her handbag for the keys .
they reached the main road , and he dropped his backpack on the trunk of the car so he could fish out the second set of keys .
the tall ferns had infiltrated the meadow around the house , crowding against the trunks of the cedars , even the wide porch .
victoria was weaving through the tree trunks at the far end of the little opening now .
felt the sting of silver fly over the top of my head and punch a hole in the tree trunk three feet ahead .
and every now and again i felt the quiver of silver approaching , heard the ping of a bullet off a nearby tree trunk .
i scrambled up the trunk then through the gum 's leafy branches , my heart going a mile a minute .
i threw myself down , sending leaf matter and dirt flying as the bullets burned over my right shoulder and pinged into a nearby trunk .
jorn sat on a log on the far side , leaning back against a tree trunk .
i could see his elbows to either side of the tree trunk , and underneath one was the butt of the rifle .
i scrambled up the trunk and then out onto the limb .
one of the men even used a knife to slash the bottoms of the trunks , searching for hidden pockets .
jittery , i glanced at trent staring out at the huge trees as we approached the gatehouse , their black trunks standing out against the snow .
there is a person standing by the coarse trunk , but the branches cape down , shielding the person 's identity .
i inch to the trunk , ripping away leaves in my path .
he leaps to a v in the trunk , extends his hand , and helps me to a flat spot .
i hop to the nearest branch , the wood splitting as i scurry for the trunk .
spinning with dizziness , i brace my hand against the trunk of a thick tree .
my mother 's near the tree trunk disappointment chilling her features while strands of her brown hair whisper in the wind .
she moves away from the tree trunk and sighs .
i curse , kicking the trunk of a tree .
it smacked into the lower branches as i maneuvered it against the trunk , and with a shrill protest , the nest emptied in an explosion of blue and orange butterfly wings .
the gaudy red - and - green flashing signs were off , and no patrons milled around the front of the building but the scent of blood and the sense of wrongness were stronger than ever i stopped near the trunk of a gum tree and raised my nose , tasting the slight breeze , searching for odors that might give a hint as to what was happening up ahead beneath the richness of blood came three other scents - excrement , sweat , and fear .
they clattered against the trunks and plopped into the soft carpet of needles .
she has legs like tree trunks and hands like a baseball pitcher 's mitt .
watching him try to push around a trunk that was nearly as tall as he was reminded me that , vicious werewolf or not , he was just a little kid .
it was n't until we reached the trunk of a huge tree , arching over a trickle of water too tiny to even be called a creek , that mom said anything .
the room faced the trees at the back of the house , and i watched the fog curling around the blackened trunks .
i asked , seeing nothing but trunks , branches and leaves .
easing forward , i got as close to the vampaneze as i dared , then pulled up behind a thick trunk and waited .
she had n't made it the length of a soccer field before she had to lean against a trunk , resting her legs and catching her breath .
when she sat on the trunk , he began to pace in front of her .
forming a large circle with the dynamite , gray planted a stick next to each of the towering trunks .
the demon propelled into another tree trunk , shrieking in rage and renewed pain , growling curses in a language gray did n't understand .
he leaned against a thick , splintery tree trunk and rubbed the throbbing wound on his neck .
` ` darius en kragin has a new bride , '' she said , leaning against the rough bark of a tree trunk .
he had his palms on the tree trunk , his body leaning backward , stretching his arms and sides .
using the rope he 'd stolen from the centaur , he tied a long , solid branch to each trunk , reaching as high as possible .
if something like this ever happens again - ` ` he almost slammed his fist into the nearest tree trunk over that thought '' - if something like this ever happens again and you do n't shout , i 'll , i 'll - ` ` nothing sounded violent enough .
a spear sailed through the air , slicking the spot he 'd stood and slamming into a thick tree trunk .
he sprinted through the trees , their trunks blurring because of his own speed .
gray stopped behind a thick tree trunk and crouched low , preparing to strike .
` ` i have a major trunk , '' eve said .
the forest beyond was filled with shadows , though sunlight danced amongst the leaves and cast occasional sprays of green and gold waltzing across the tree trunks .
given the darkness and the gnarled trunks that surrounded me , it was unlikely that even the red of my coat would be seen .
the huge oak must have been centuries old -- its trunk was as wide as a house , and its roots clutched the ground like a spider 's legs .
she brought her camera away from her face and glanced to where a young man stood , partially concealed by the trunk of the old oak .
clark knocked the books out of her hand and shoved her up against a nearby tree trunk .
shane threw himself into a slide over the trunk of the car and grabbed at his dad 's knife hand .
forcing her mind on other things , she studied the twisted , gnarled trunks of the trees all around them , trees totally lacking in foliage despite the fact that it was only early september .
she chose a gnarled old oak as the backdrop and had him stand beside it , his hand resting on the trunk .
he punched a tree trunk .
the flutter made her feel light - headed , so she rested a hand against a tree trunk to steady herself .
he rested a hand against the trunk and leaned toward her .
a second later , he materialized there and grabbed hold of the trunk .
holding on to the trunk , he stood , then reached for the next branch .
phil leaned against the trunk , gazing at the house .
phineas held on tight to the trunk .
the headlights hit bare tree trunks as the sedan snaked closer and closer to the river , the landscape overgrown and unwelcoming .
after he and tohr went inside , he lit the oil lamp that hung by the entrance and closed them in , laying a broad beam thick as a tree trunk across the panel .
above it all , the arching milky sky stretched from fluffy treetops to fluffy treetops , the lid on the wardrobe trunk .
as he watched the doggen with their whirling machines go over the branches and the trunk , he decided life was right and fair on occasion .
instead , his fingers trailed across the trunk reverently -- as his emotional grid nearly collapsed from the pain he was feeling .
xhex was vaguely aware of the brother bracing himself on the trunk , as if his knees had voted to take a holiday on him .
it was the very best that life had to offer anyone : a person to love and be loved by , with whom you carved meaning in the oak trunk of time 's perennial passing .
standing before the great trunk , underneath the red - and - gold leaf cover , he surveyed the landscape with his razor - sharp senses .
he did n't make it much farther than the trunk of the mosaic apple tree in the foyer .
man , shit like this made her really appreciate evergreens , their fluffy branches not just concealing her , but providing a snowless ground cover that hid her footprints as she went from trunk to trunk .
man , shit like this made her really appreciate evergreens , their fluffy branches not just concealing her , but providing a snowless ground cover that hid her footprints as she went from trunk to trunk .
in many ways , time had no meaning , but it did have an effect : the longer she spent mulling over things , the more clearly she saw herself , her earlier realizations no longer a shock , but instead something she steeped herself in ... . something she began to change herself with - at first , the dark slash that cut through the wintry vista seemed to be just another shadow cast by a tree trunk at the edge of the property .
because your men tore down the grand trunk , you see .
we send things by pigeon to our office in the keep and then by clacks from the nearest trunk tower . ''
i veered off on a smaller side - trail , and there we found a massive tree with the widest trunk i 'd ever seen .
i marveled at the mushrooms that clung to moist tree trunks .
skirting around the trunk of the car he opened her door smoothly and extended a hand to help her out .
but it still surprised me when tht trunk gave way and snapped off loudly under his blows .
i turned away from him quickly , and leaned over the tree trunk .
the grass was long and bright green , and squirrels were darting around the tree 's gnarled trunk .
i saw him standing against a tree trunk and writing .
quite a few trunks followed marcellus into alexandria .
trunk followed trunk .
he gestured to a sturdy trunk .
the small common white lilies had gone wild , and there stood old olive trees with marvelously twisted trunks , so wondrous to climb in childhood .
but alaric was too busy shucking down to a pair of red trunks .
the ash was thicker and deeper here because they were approaching where the trunk had been , the very center of this world .
` ` i just do n't understand , '' elena said , staring at the empty space where the great trunk of the tree had once been .
crazed , cursing to himself , garreth slashed his claws along tree trunks .
quinn sat two feet away , his expression thoughtful as he leaned back against the gnarled trunk of an old pine , his arms crossed across his chest and long legs stretched out in front of him .
ahead of him , he saw a dim orange glow through the veil of silhouetted evergreen trunks .
fog snakes through the trunks , coiling and spiraling , heading in our direction .
i ask as my back brushes against the trunk of a tree .
he looks defeated , a tree with a split trunk about to break apart and fall over .
i hike for what seems like forever , stumbling over fallen tree trunks and fighting against the unruly , blooming branches .
alex puts a finger up to his lips and then pushes me back behind him so i ' m pressed up against the rough bark of the tree trunk .
with the knife to the side of him , alex peeks around the corner of the tree trunk then quickly leans back and shakes his head .
i start to run around the tree trunk and dive headfirst into the madness , not caring about anything but making sure that laylen 's okay .
minutes later , alex peers around the corner of the tree trunk as he lets go of me .
i heard diego come out of the water just as i gripped the trunk of an overhanging pine and flipped myself over the cliff edge .
when the trees were real y thick , he 'd rustle a trunk now and again so i would n't lose him .
slowly he raised his head , opening his eyes as he braced the back of his head on the tree trunk .
` ` you 're strong , '' she said , her eyes on a capsized trunk .
it was half again as tall as he was , and when he grasped it his fingers did not meet around the trunk .
a giant , formal stairway climbed to the next floor , the balustrade looking as though it had been carved from whole trunks .
as i felt the blood seep into me - a paltry feeding , but a feeding nonetheless - i leaned against the tree trunk , awash in exhausted relief .
unable to see more than a yard or so in front of us we would have crashed into the giant trunk of a tree .
her breaths began to shallow as her gaze followed the trunk up and up - until it disappeared into the ghostly fog above .
how had she not noticed that the trunks and roots of those trees were so monstrous , that the fog was so creepy ?
still , he had just slammed the other against the gnarled trunk of an oak tree .
once there , harkat and spits huddled behind a fallen trunk , while i squatted in a clearing and laid several gelatinous globes and the panther 's tooth on the earth around me .
when it hit the trunk , the shell of the globe smashed , the liquid splashed with great force over the wood , and the air was rent with the sound of a sharp explosion .
she stayed in her tree though she tensed as jacob rose , came to the trunk and put his hand on the bark , splaying his fingers .
only the top third of their trunks emerged from the dune , standing but quite dead .
they were driving inland , now , through stands of evergreen trees with tall bare trunks .
the tiny sky above was turning to polished porcelain ; the trees seemed to bring the light down their massive trunks almost to the roots .
i saw piles of ruined furniture- the heavy benches and stools that had once filled our castle , medieval work so crude and strong it was damn near indestructible , like the trees that fall in the forest and remain for centuries , the bridges over streams , their trunks covered with moss .
the dark trunks of the redwoods had become visible ; and a lovely green smell had come into the house from the forest as always happens near dawn .
each had two side - by - side trunks and four wicked - looking tusks .
elena felt much better after being given some food , and after seeing the thurgs - both of them - eating too ; either stretching their great double trunks up to break off pieces of wood from the barren trees , or scooping away snow to find dry grass underneath .
` ` it wil take you to the trunk of the great tree .
if sage had n't helped us with this compass , we 'd never be able to find the tree 's trunk - at least not in time . ''
` ` and remember , '' elena said , ` ` that the idea that the star bal is near the trunk is just a guess .
what elena saw made her say , unsteadily , ` ` i think maybe we missed the trunk and ... found ... the edge ... '' on the ground in front of her and as far as she could see , was the star - studded darkness of space .
elena found herself staring at a very large tree trunk .
but in the back of her mind had been lurking images of moons and trees and trunks that were as tal as skyscrapers , in which a star bal could be hidden on any ` ` floor , '' in any ` ` room . ''
this was simply a grand oak tree trunk sitting in a sort of fairy circle - perhaps twenty feet in diameter on which no dead leaf had strayed .
the huge roots in the ground underneath them were bucking as if there was an earthquake , and then - there was a deafening sound as the trunk of the great tree exploded straight upward like a rocket , disintegrating to fine ash as it went .
you 're saying it was her star bal in the great tree 's trunk ?
instead he turned with his back to the trunk of the tree and looked outward .
damon paced back to the trunk of the ferrari , unlocked it , and looked inside .
why was n't it bumping painfully against the trunk ?
then , carefully , she inched her way closer to the trunk , pausing only to move to a higher twig a caterpillar that was sharing the branch with her .
and then they were using bits of torn cloth , even more clumsily , to tie bonnie , spread - eagled , to four knobby posts snapped off their own bodies and hammered into the ground around the trunk with four powerful blows by the thick - armed one .
she leaned her throbbing head against the trunk of the tree .
one word was ringing in her mind as she stood and let go of her handholds on the tree trunk .
i left you in the trunk of the jaguar and it 's two o'clock in the morning . ''
one of the local legends was that long ago , fairies had settled the land and made it their home , hiding in the ample oak tree trunks and looking out for the forest life .
damon blinked back to full consciousness and found himself lying propped up against the trunk of a tree , elena 's arms around him .
the tree was a mass of heaving , pitching branches , its trunk blocking the way back to town completely .
he 's in there all right , he said , eyes still fixed on the trunk .
i did n't think that slovenly idiot creature would hop right from the trunk into the burning twilight as i so loved to do .
sleek and sinister mammals of a thousand shapes and sizes crawl in remorseless search of one another over monstrous roots and half - buried tubers , under giant rustling leaves and up the twisted trunks of saplings dying in the fetid darkness , even as they suck their last nourishment from the reeking soil .
at last i sat down , against the trunk of a great dark tree with branches spreading over me in an airy canopy , and i rested my arm on my knee and my head on my arm .
we carefully crawled to within seven or eight yards of the clearing , where we stopped , hidden by a dead tree trunk .
a roar ripped from him , and he slammed his fist into the nearest tree trunk .
tagart leaned one shoulder against a tree trunk , a deceptively casual pose .
she hurried to the bottom of the tree and pushed on its cut trunk .
ivy could n't help slowing down to look at some of the art.there was a life - size sculpture of a skydiver made entirely of wire and a tree that looked utterly real , except it had tiny peepholes carved in its trunk .
cole tried to snap a piece of ice off the trunk , so he could get at the bark .
not thinking about it , kahli shimmied out from the trunk , hugging the branch above her as her feet crept out onto the limb .
` ` i think they meant you to strip the bark off the trunk , '' cole replied .
she debated moving back toward the trunk and shimmying down the tree .
` ` this is maximilian 's trunk , ` ` he said .
` ` trunk , ` ` gasped uncle drac , sitting down on it and wiping the water out of his eyes .
he slipped into the woods , leaned back against a tree trunk , closed his eyes , and took deep breaths .
when he heard a mans voice , he edged close enough to hear the words but remained hidden behind a large tree trunk .
his vision sparkled with stars so badly , he stumbled over a fallen branch and bumped against a tree trunk .
the tendrils spiraled around the tree trunks and climbed higher , filling in with leaves that multiplied exponentially as she watched .
finally the heedless night did plunge down amongst the thick trunks of the trees , and i was picking my way , counting on the instincts of my horse more than my own failing vision .
i strained to see by the light of the sky , and had to trust my horse to pick his way through the thick tree trunks .
i gasped and fell back against the trunk .
rydstrom limped to a fallen tree and dropped his giant frame down onto the trunk .
something growing on the tree trunks made them look furry - and creepy - in the mist .
though most of the spindly trees had roots that forked out above the soil , looking like the veins they actually were , the ceiba tree 's trunk was gigantic , its roots as tall as she was and as thick as her desk at andoain - ` ` duck . ''
trees fell where streams eroded the soil , so in the areas lining the banks , trunks were toppled over each other like lincoln logs .
at one point , he sat her on a high trunk , putting them face - to - face .
as if bound , macrieve was pressed against a great ceiba tree , arms pinned back until his palms rested on the thick trunk behind him .
as they both eased down to kneel , his arms slid along the trunk , still locked in position .
her claws sank into the clean , cinnamon trunk , and she shot up like a rocket .
back against his trunk , book in hand , feet stretched out in front of him , hair in face .
if peter and i each went on one side and hugged the tree with our arms out , we would n't encompass the trunk .
even taller than kyrian , he had arms like two tree trunks and long curly blond hair that was pulled back into a ponytail .
the trunk 's up front . ''
frozen in terror at the sight of bubba 's stern glower and arms the size of a tree trunk , nick had wanted to run , but he was afraid to move lest he wet his pants .
` ` is their tactical trunk monkey . ''
` ` this is n't the trunk monkey , is it ? ''
make it a poem almost lewdly knowledgable and make its knowledge ooze , syrup from the punched trunk .
` ` no , for your blood , '' i said , pushing him backwards against the slender but firm trunk of a tree .
i came to myself on the ground , my back to the trunk of a young chestnut tree , and he was gone .
it hurled me hundreds of yards , slamming me into one crackling tangle of foliage after another until finally i fell against the broad red trunk of an immense tree .
but i was merely flying backwards through the bracken again , smashing against tree trunks , and through clattering crackling branches and wet fronds .
we were gazing on this little wilderness of thick pink hydrangea and luminous calla lilies , of creeping moonflowers on tree trunks and glistening white gardenias that gave off the most intoxicating scent .
louis sat there , back to the trunk of the tree , a copy of his memoir , interview with the vampire , the memoir that had sparked the vampire chronicles , open on his lap .
the girl 's trunk , head , and body parts had been laid out on one of the main central paths between the tombs , almost as if they were part of a guide map to different gravel trails and interments .
there was a wolf lying on the floor - no , larger than a wolf , larger than the biggest wolf who ever lived , with fangs that were bared and claws that could slice through tree trunks , and she raised her gun and was about to shoot when it rolled its eyes in her direction and whimpered .
lobison fell into an instinctive pe and rolled , coming to his feet again behind the trunk of a tree , shaking snow from his eyes .
scott knelt before the trunk , removing the top section and revealing a cache of handguns underneath .
and wide , with a chest like a whiskey barrel , arms like tree trunks .
when she saw no one , nothing , she backed away until she was pressed against the jagged bark of a tree trunk .
victoria had one shoulder pressed against the trunk of a tree .
she backed away from him to lean against a tree trunk .
her back was suddenly pressed against a tree trunk , though she was n't jarred in the least .
in a snap , thick tree trunks and orange - gold leaves took their place .
perhaps she was wrong and- the witch stepped from behind the trunk , and their gazes met , locked , clashed .
another boy he did n't recognize swung from around the next trunk over .
stubborn , aden leaned against a tree trunk and crossed his arms over his chest .
a second later , that boulder was hurtling through the forest and slamming into a tree trunk .
he stopped at a tree , pressing his back into the wide trunk , and folded his arms over his middle .
he did n't stop coming , and she did n't stop retreating until her back pressed into a thick tree trunk .
pale beech trunks stood out from the other trees like lightning bolts in a stormy sky .
once i 'd balanced myself on the tree branch , i began stretching my arms to catch the higher limbs , then bracing my feet against the bark of the trunk to find purchase .
lucas gave in and sat down heavily on a nearby trunk .
mrs . bethany stepped closer and peered down into the trunk .
mrs . bethany let erich 's skull drop unceremoniously back into the trunk .
then , in the corner of the trunk , i saw a scurry of movement .
balthazar sat on the thick carpet of still - soft fallen leaves , orange and red , and rested his broad back against the trunk of a maple tree .
lucas was still holding her against the tree - and , i realized , against the broken - off branch that jutted from the trunk and had acted as a stake .
it spun blindingly fast , blade - over - handle , until it thwacked so deeply into the trunk that i could hear the wood groan .
he hit the tree so hard that bark flew with each punch ; on either side of the trunk were stripped - down places of splintered wood , glistening with his blood .
and then someone else reached from behind her , grabbed the vampire away from her , and threw him - physically threw him , farther and harder than any human could have done - so that he thudded into a tree trunk two dozen feet away before landing on the ground .
so she fought the urge to rest , braced her hands against the trunk of the nearest tree , and shoved herself upright until she could stand .
vinny slammed the trunk .
a tree trunk .
i saw birds flitting from branch to branch , squirrels running up and down trunks .
massive tree trunks punctuated the earth , rising up like magnified hair follicles .
one moment i was running , alert for weirdos and tree roots ( in that order ) , and the next i found myself hurling through the air , and slamming hard against a tree trunk .
sometimes something fast and little scurried up a trunk .
i finally leaned a shoulder against a dusty tree trunk and closed my eyes and stayed in that position until i heard the crunch of tires from somewhere nearby .
blum screamed and repeatedly threw his body against the tree trunk .
he kissed me long and hard and although i had nearly pushed him back - hell , he was lucky he did n't go flying into the trunk of a nearby tree - i decided i liked his kiss .
there , resting next to the tree trunk and nearly impossible to see with the naked eye , was a small package .
tree trunks flowed past me .
having tree trunks for legs had that effect .
at the top stood a wooden pavilion - though pavilion was a pretentious word for four skinny tree trunks topped by more skinny tree trunks laid sideways to cast patchy shade .
at the top stood a wooden pavilion - though pavilion was a pretentious word for four skinny tree trunks topped by more skinny tree trunks laid sideways to cast patchy shade .
black tree trunks whipped past on both sides .
safe behind the broad trunk , he yanked out the crossbow bolt .
he risked a glance around the trunk , catching movement too quick for human eyes to track .
erin followed his gaze to dark pines , to the silver trunks of lindens bared by fall , a lake turned copper , and the golden rays of light breaking through fog .
it was still spiked by crossbow bolts to the trunk of an ancient pine , like some druidic sacrifice .
there was little evidence of the battle that had been fought here : some torn earth , more than a few rounds of ammunition that peppered tree trunks , and dark splotches of blood soaking into the ground .
the soldier 's eyes lingered on the dark tree trunks , the low stone wall , the plinth supporting a statue , all places where enemies might hide .
at the moment , he was up in one of the giant holm oaks that dotted the property , using its branches and thick trunk to keep hidden in the dark .
he peeks around the corner of the tree trunk and out into the area in front of the castle , which is a long , wide , stretch of grass , where anyone can see us if they 're looking out .
i leaned forward , placed my hand against the rough bark of the tree trunk , and let loose with my power .
i let go of my magic , dropped my hand from the tree trunk , and stepped to one side .
tree trunks would look small in comparison to him .
chapter twenty - five the bullet slammed into the tree trunk next to finn 's ear .
the giant lost his grip on his buddy , who stumbled forward and slammed headfirst into a tree trunk .
i slithered behind the thick trunk of a maple tree so that the swing set stood between me and the men .
the vamp sailed thirty feet through the air before a tree trunk stopped his unnatural flight .
finn sat against the trunk of one of the trees , sipping coffee from a metal thermos and looking down at the scene below with a pair of night - vision goggles .
the gun hit one of the snow - splattered trunks and clattered off into the night .
knives still in my hands , i paused behind a tree and peered around the ice - crusted trunk .
i stood there for several minutes , resting my forehead against the trunk and trying to keep the world from spinning around and the flashing starbursts to a minimum .
i stumbled from one tree trunk to the next , weaving worse than a drunken frat boy , with no idea of where i was , where i was going , and not really caring about either one at the moment .
sure enough , there was a slight gap between the tree trunk and the rock wall that formed the back of the statue .
i was n't completely hidden by the trunk like owen was , and i just had to hope the giants would n't notice half of my head , arm , and shoulder sticking out from behind the tree .
using the long , fluttering tendrils as a screen to hide me from sight , i peered around the tree trunk .
the tangle of briars was n't quite so thick around this tree , so i was able to maneuver around the far side of the trunk past the row of thorns and circle around so that i was parallel with the two giants .
it took me a few seconds to realize that a small rune had been scorched into the tree trunk a couple of inches off the ground , a small circle surrounded by several dozen wavy rays .
one end of the line taped to a sunburst rune that had been scorched into a tree trunk , the line running across the path at ankle level , then the other end wrapped around a small peg that had been pounded into the ground .
the rune flared to life on the tree trunk on the opposite side of the path , burning an angry red in warning .
he stood next to the open trunk , along with bria .
finn gestured at the open trunk , then stepped to one side .
finn and bria watched me stalk back and forth in front of the trunk .
the stack of rocks curved up , up , and up , before spreading out into a large shelf , almost like the trunk of a tree sprouting up and out into one long , thick , sturdy branch .
i even spotted a few palmetto trees , clustered together here and there , their thick trunks stretching up toward the ceiling .
i peered around the edge of one of the tree trunks at him , careful not to give away my location by moving any more than necessary .
the old atlanta might have fallen like the trunk of a great tree struck by lightning , but its roots were too strong to die .
a giant shape muscled through the trunks and trotted into the open , its three heads close to the ground .
no snakes slithering along tree limbs , no paw prints , no scratches on the trunks .
dark indigo , he stood eight feet tall , with arms like tree trunks .
he looked as though he 'd been carved out of a gargantuan tree trunk and allowed to petrify .
the vamp leaped onto the nearest pine and perched twelve feet off the ground , its body nearly perpendicular to the pine 's trunk .
her hands spread before her , she stumbles on the corpses , searching blindly , grabbing the trunk of a pine for support , and calling , her voice barely above a whisper , ` ` megan !
it was an incredible thing to watch : six feet away from the oak he leapt up and forward , bounced off the bark upward to the spot where two large branches split from the trunk , pushed off them like he was weightless , landed on the branch stretching toward the balcony , ran along it until it thinned , and crouched .
he jumped and scrambled up the trunk and into the branches .
sean braced his legs against the split in the trunk , looking comfortable .
beast sprinted around the trunk , circling it left , then right , in a black - and - white blur .
beast zoomed around the tree again , stopped , and bit the trunk .
she dashed away from the trunk , reversed on a dime , and bit the tree again .
she bit the tree and chomped at the wood , spinning around the trunk like a whirlwind of teeth and fur .
pale blood flew and splashed onto the trunk of the nearest oak .
he was running like a madman , bouncing up and down off the tree trunks .
adam skidded around the trunk to take up position behind one of the most powerful vampires alive .
tall pine trunks towered on both sides of us , as if a spanish armada were sailing under the snow and only its masts were visible .
on harpy 's drive we passed a row of trees , each one with its trunk unnaturally bloated and covered with black fuzz .
its body was all chest with a smooth , wide trunk of a waist .
across the path , a man crouched in an old tree , poised in a spot where the trunk split into two massive branches .
saiman smiled , showing even white teeth , and came toward me , gracefully stepping past a large wooden trunk .
he knelt by the trunk .
he drew a complex symbol on top of the trunk .
if these captive vampires were random masterless murderers , then madigan could keep them and tap their veins like tree trunks for all i cared .
` ` wait until he starts on the trunk , '' i mumbled , getting into the man 's vehicle .
curving up on all four sides were twisted , polished tree trunks .
bones was bent over the trunk .
his hair was a dark walnut , blending into the trunk of the tree behind him , but amusement glinted in his green eyes , making them stand out despite the dappled shadows that danced over his handsome face .
when mab was alive , giants had roamed deep into the woods at all hours of the day and night , and nasty things like sunburst rune traps had been carved into the tree trunks , ready to spew elemental fire in your face if you were unlucky enough to trigger them .
so i leaned back against the tree trunk , peered through my binoculars , and munched on a chocolate granola bar , since i 'd only had a liquid lunch at northern aggression .
shuddering at the uncomfortable impact of the immense protection that had zinged through my system , i nodded jerkily , but slowed our pace to scrutinize the darkness beyond the thick trunks of the trees .
i merely waited silently , watching as the mage moved under the tree and leaned against the trunk with his hands in the pockets of his black dress slacks , noiselessly watching the funeral .
once there , sitting on the heavy branch , my cheek resting against the hard bark of the trunk , i let the tears take over .
king venclaire herded us back out into the blinding sun , and then he strolled back to the shade , where he and the other kings leaned against tree trunks .
shooting straight into the air , leaving a hole in the middle about half the size of that , '' he pointed to the side , ` ` large trunk over there . ''
sidling around a thick tree trunk , i moved covertly , giving the impression i was just winding my way through tables , trying to appear innocent of any wrongdoings .
he smashed into the trunk of a massive tree , shaking it to its roots .
it bent the small trunk to the ground as it started hoisting itself over the top .
i slipped behind the trunk and sped for tyler .
he spun around old man coyote and his brother until they were both dizzy , and then the chipmunk ran up the trunk of a nearby tree and hid in the branches .
tall trees rose behind the houses across the way , their branches interwoven , their trunks so close together that nothing was visible beyond them .
the males scent - marked pack territory by urinating on targets above the ground , like tree trunks and bushes , which warned members of other packs to keep out .
smirking , victor untied her ankles , then grabbed her around the waist and lifted her , none too gently , out of the trunk and set her on her feet .
a sculptor who works in wood makes something called garden totems from the trunks of downed trees .
` ` it 's clear , '' he said , and looked back around the oak 's trunk .
he went back to the tree where a big cloth bag rested beside the trunk .
she had n't caught her breath when a bolt of lightning shot down and struck the trunk of an old tree buried only a foot past the buck .
the ground still sizzled and popped as tiny sparks danced around the trunk that had taken the direct hit .
she snagged his knife and tossed the weapon at a tree trunk , where it sank all the way in , handle and all .
he slammed against the trunk with an ominous clunk , then slid to the ground .
leaning slightly around the trunk , she fixed her eyes in the direction the sound came from .
then , he remembered that there was a key hidden in the trunk of the old oak tree that stood out front of the castle .
his legs were the size of full grown tree trunks , his arms nearly as big .
a jagged tear raced up the trunk , cracking as it tore up it .
his legs wrapped around the trunk as he swiftly used the other branches to climb to the ground .
the large maple julian collided with shook from the force of the blow , a large crack lanced up its thick trunk .
he lay for a moment before falling away from the trunk .
ten vampires ran past him , the trunk of one of the large trees they had chopped down was hefted between them .
he released her as he grabbed hold of the trunk of a tree .
holding onto the trunk , and the branch above her head , she steadied herself .
she did not cry out , did not scream as she planted her legs against the tree trunk and shoved off it with all of her might .
she plastered herself against the trunk of the tree , holding tight to it as max pressed against her .
she could barely breathe as she was squished against the trunk of the tree .
she barely managed to get her good arm up in order to protect her head from the impact of the tree trunk .
just then , a splash of pink caught her attention behind a massive , felled tree trunk .
` ` no one has lived here for more than one hundred forty years , '' michalas told her , examining the crevice where the tree trunk thrust through .
it was caused by a low branch of the large oak growing through what had likely been a small crack at one time , but as the oak 's branch and trunk filled out , it had opened the wall .
a dull grating sound drew her attention , and she saw the wall behind the trunks shift .
his body was a solid trunk with thick arms and legs , both of which ended in curved claws .
kritanu , bless him , had whisked a blanket from its trunk and settled it around victoria 's shoulders .
she picked a place in the shadows of a spreading oak , standing behind its trunk .
with gilbarton 's head up and his neck extended , setrakian raised his sword and uttered some words in a foreign language - like a solemn pronouncement - and then his blade sang through the man 's neck , separating his head from his trunk , the revenant 's lower quarters collapsing to the floor .
hot white effluent bled out of the trunk of the neck , steaming faintly into the cool night air .
` ` a mole hollows out a home in the dead trunk of a felled tree .
ono shot anywhoro in the trunk of astrigoi should do the trick . ''
ho was oasy to follow , bocauso quinlan had cloared a path of downed branchos , pointing the way straight ahoad , woaving only for troo trunks .
a whito substanco goysored out from its nock trunk and it tucked in its arms and collapsed to the ground .
tho truck was parked on the shouldor of a dirt road , or porhaps the odgo of a long , privato drivoway , far onough in from the stroot to be obscured by the trunks of the baro troos .
mr . quinlan 's flat hand signal hold fot and oph back as the born vampire slipped through the troos , darting fluidly from trunk to trunk around the porimotor of the proporty .
mr . quinlan 's flat hand signal hold fot and oph back as the born vampire slipped through the troos , darting fluidly from trunk to trunk around the porimotor of the proporty .
a thick trunk stopped the vohiclo with a ringing crash , though not boforo the front grillo struck gus 's logs and sont him flying into the troos .
and we get paid for this , '' dori peeked around the trunk of a peach tree and wrinkled her nose at sali .
ashe drew in a shaky breath - the agent 's body was slumped against the tree trunk , his head wound covered in thick , clotted blood .
` ` do n't think about it , '' ashe grumbled to himself , grasping the trunk firmly and climbing farther up .
his watch showed nine forty - five as he settled into a fork where the trunk split and branched out .
ashe wriggled on his perch to get comfortable , braced his shoes against the tree trunk and prepared to wait for the werewolf pack to arrive .
ashe shuddered , gripping the tree trunk even tighter .
engrossed in the conversation and ignoring his growing discomfort , ashe 's foot slipped against the tree trunk where he 'd braced it , sending a cascade of bark tumbling down .
i found him walking among the apple trees , putting his hands on this trunk or that .
* * * rain dripped off dead leaves as i huddled against the oak 's trunk , the icy drops falling down past my collar and making me shiver as i sat there .
i wiped tears off my cheeks with my right hand while holding onto the trunk of the oak tree with my left .
weldon had his arm wrapped around the trunk of the tree and his skin appeared a little gray as he sat there on the rough bark of a thick tree limb .
haggard best described how weldon looked as he shuddered slightly and gripped the trunk of the pine .
i root around deeper in the trunk .
the cross swings forward as i reach for daddy 's trunk .
instead of the trees having one thick trunk with branches that rise to the sky , each of these trees has dozens of small , thin trunks all tangled up together .
instead of the trees having one thick trunk with branches that rise to the sky , each of these trees has dozens of small , thin trunks all tangled up together .
the trunks are no thicker than my leg , but they twist and weave in dense groves .
he seemed too big for this office , his huge , broad shoulders filling out the small space and his tree trunk sized legs not fitting under the desk well at all .
colton was leaning against the trunk of my car , elbows bent behind him and hands spread out on the faded blue paint .
its trunk and branches are smooth and pink and have patches on them like peeling skin and there ai n't many little branches and the leaves are mainly on the top canopy so it 's real easy to climb .
the leaves on the tops of the small trees at the edge of the beach shake every now and again , like someone or something is running into the trunks below .
in the thin beam of my torch , i could make out a hazy mist that wreathed the tree trunks and hung in a thin blanket over the ground , obscuring my boots .
i pressed my back against the trunk of an oak .
a few times later , we poked our heads inside - sure enough , there was a patch of grass about the size of two trailers , guarded on all sides by branches , trunks , and leaves .
i ' ve always loved that tree , i thought to myself as i watched her run her fingers around the trunk .
lightning struck the tree not ten feet from where we were standing , splitting the trunk neatly in half .
flames raced up the trunk , roaring , spreading out to every branch .
lightning burned through the oak behind me , cleaving the trunk neatly in half .
as quickly as macon had materialized , another man appeared , leaning against a willow trunk , where no one had been standing a moment before .
the flames raced down the trunk .
the splintered trunk crashed down , taking out part of the roof with it .
flames raced down the trunk .
apollo 's folded arms were the size of tree trunks .
they were all tipped over at the trunks , the limbs reaching the ground , roots exposed and ash - white , like they had succumbed to a powerful wind .
she sprang onto a tree trunk , spinning like a ballet dancer .
his leather - clad legs were spread wide , thighs like tree trunks .
soon i am over the trunk of the tree , midway between the two buildings , and i pick out the branch that will lead me to the church .
amy 's father , colonel trevelyne , is a strapping , thick , tree trunk of a man , given to wearing sporting clothes and smoking big cigars .
we walked several feet away and stopped next to a hollowed - out tree trunk someone had been using to contain a campfire .
i keep looking to and from isaac and the bear , expecting him to pounce on it from behind any second now , but instead , isaac falls back and keeps a still position near a tree , letting its massive trunk partially conceal his nak*d form .
the story zuzana told with her body - of a discarded marionette brought out of its trunk for one last dance - was deeply moving .
karou had no doubt they were doing grievous damage to her makeup job , and she just sat on the trunk to wait it out .
some of the tree trunks are as wide as four garbage pails mashed together , and i take a picture of hana , laughing , trying to fit her arms around one of them .
i ' m about to ask him how he knows where we 're going when i notice that every so often he hesitates and sweeps his flashlight over the tree trunks that surround us like tall , ghostly silhouettes .
sunlight slants at steep angles across the reddish trunks and the undergrowth of curling green ferns and flowers .
hana 's blond hair flashes underneath the layers of green ; she is circling the trunk , laughing , calling up for me to go higher .
he hoists himself up into the nearest tree , swinging easily up the trunk , using the many branches and protrusions as hand- and footholds .
the woods are stark - still , brushstrokes of straight black leafless trees , expanses of white , collapsed logs and rotten tree trunks hunched in the snow .
its trunk is so wide that , horizontal , it nearly reaches my chest ; a vast network of roots arch up toward the sky like a dark pinwheel spray of water from a fountain .
its trunk has been gouged and slashed with various lines .
i unfreeze , dart forward , and position myself flat against the large trunk of a sugar maple .
every few seconds he pokes his head around the trunk , fires off a few rounds , then ducks back into safety .
i crane my head cautiously around the trunk , trying to distinguish the figures grappling in the dark , backlit by the fire .
the fire is leaping from tree branches now , a deadly canopy above us ; flames braid themselves around the trunks , turning them a chalky white .
fifteen feet from the wall , i press myself against the trunk of a young oak .
i wedge my foot against a knot in the tree trunk and haul myself upward .
then she lifts me , grunting , and i shoot upward and manage to pull myself into the branches , which fan out from the trunk like the spokes of an umbrella laid bare .
trees creaked , snapping my gaze to their massive trunks .
their trunks were as wide as houses , and they gleamed silver , stretching up hundreds of feet into the air .
trees laid in piles , splintered from their massive trunks .
all that remained was a splintered trunk that jutted out of the earth like a massive hand .
it was suddenly embedded in the trunk of a tree that had appeared out of nowhere but now stood between ashe and the queen .
i looked at the rough bark on the tree and the wooden slats nailed into the trunk for climbing .
he cocked his arm back and then punched the trunk of the tree over and over , his knuckles becoming bloody and torn .
searched the ground surrounding the trunk of the tree .
the base of the branch , where it was attached to the trunk of the tree , looked as if it could pivot with the right amount of force .
i was all by myself , clinging to the trunk of this tree , a long way from the ground . ''
when sylvie circled the tree - looking over her shoulder again , pricking up her ears to listen for snaps of cameras or gasps of onlookers - she saw that someone had stuck the photo to the tree trunk with a wad of fluorescent - yellow gum .
a woman was holding a long , wobbly saw , examining a tree trunk .
he placed his hand against a tree trunk , digging his nails into the bark .
far off , very , very far off , a trunk honked its horn .
he wrenched the door open , smacking it against a tree trunk , not even bothering to check if he 'd done any damage .
there was his front yard where he and his dad had carved their names into one of the sycamore tree trunks .
i walked for what seemed like forever , my legs practically moving on their own , maneuvering me effortlessly passed bushes , trees , and tipped over tree trunks .
alex scooted us behind the trunk of a very large oak tree and put a finger to his lips .
alex must have been thinking the same thing , because he took a cautious peek around the tree trunk .
alex peered around the corner of the tree trunk , before letting me go .
he peered around the corner of the tree trunk .
the wind howled with my anger and i knocked my fist into a tree trunk over and over again , until my knuckles bled .
i rested my head against the trunk , breathing in and out .
i hopped over a tree trunk that extended across the path .
settling on a large fallen trunk , ari tried to relax , letting her mind and body calm , listening to the familiar sound of the interstate in the distance .
he accelerated , the force flinging her around the trunk , her head slamming against the side of it .
he whacked the trunk repeatedly , the blade eventually cutting through the wood .
he grabbed it by the trunk and dragged it toward the house , leaving a trail of fresh pine needles behind him .
she added a bit more color to the trunk before blending some yellow in with a few of the leaves , setting her paintbrush down as she took a step back .
she climbed up onto it , fearlessly scaling it , and sat down against the thick trunk a few branches away .
` ` oh , my god ... '' kyler chuckled as he pulled himself up , so he was crouched against the massive trunk , holding onto the tree above him .
he peels bark away from the tree 's trunk , catching my eye .
i banged my head against the nearest tree trunk .
he stowed the case in the trunk of the mustang and backed out of the parking space .
i grab hold of the tree trunk and run my hand against the bark , which reminds me of oregon and makes the earth at least close up for the time being .
a narrow door was embedded in the thick trunk , and ash quickened his pace as we approached .
i shrank back against the trunk , and ash gave me a reassuring smile .
the trees flew by at a terrifying speed as the horses plunged between trunks and over logs , reminding me of my first wild ride through faery , when i had been running away from ash , ironically .
wires crawled over roots and trunks , choking trees and vegetation like red and black creeper vines .
` ` well , '' i went on , leaning back against a tree trunk , ` ` since you asked , we might want to check if anyone around here owes him a favor . ''
` ` here we are , '' i said , stepping beneath a pair of cypresses twisted together to form an arch between the trunks .
thick black briars crawled between trunks , creeping along the ground as they strangled the life from all other vegetation .
however , only the top limbs were visible above the coils of a massive snake curled around the trunk .
one of the oracles gestured , and the tree behind me bent entirely in half and tried crushing me beneath its trunk .
the dryad held out an impossibly slender hand , mottled and rough like the trunk of the tree .
i dodged behind a thick trunk , pulling kenzie behind me , and raised my sticks as the monster 's head slithered around , forked tongue tasting the air .
kenzie cried as i pulled her into a cluster of trees , their trunks grown close together to form a protective cage around us .
the thing lunged again , snaking through the trunks , snapping at me .
it gave an angry gurgle and backed out , eyeing me evilly through the trunks .
before i could turn , a heavy coil snaked around my waist , slamming me back into a tree trunk , pinning me there .
gasping , i dropped to my knees as it writhed and thrashed , scraping the side of its face against the trunk , snapping branches and smashing into the trees .
around us , the trees glimmered silver ; trunks , leaves , branches and twigs shining as if they were made of polished metal .
the fireflies continued to light up the forest as we walked on , blinking through leaves and branches , glinting off the trunks .
bright sunlight slanted through the leaves , spotting the carpet of grass and wildflowers surrounding the trunk .
keirran sat beneath the trunk , one knee drawn up to his chest , watching annwyl as she moved gracefully through the flowers .
he scrubbed a hand over his eyes , then wandered back to lean against the trunk , staring out at nothing .
movement flashed between the trunks , and the whispered song grew clearer , more insistent .
kenzie and i huddled close to the tree trunk as the forgotten drifted past us like ghosts , unseeing .
the silhouette of a tall , impossibly thin man paused in the space between trunks , glowing eyes fastened on me .
we took a break at a rest stop , and i followed her to a stand of trees , watching in concern as she pressed her forehead to the trunk , breathing hard .
annwyl leaned a shoulder against the tree , where strands of bright green ivy were slowly creeping up toward the branches , rustling softly as they coiled around the trunk .
from the corner of my eye , i glimpsed a face , young and solemn , watching me from the center of one of the gnarled trunks , but when i turned my head , it was gone .
` ` politely , if possible , '' said a new voice , as a slender , bark - covered figure melted halfway out of the trunk , regarding me with dark , beady eyes .
the dryad shook her head , and a large green beetle buzzed out of her hair , landing on the trunk .
glaring around , i noticed the mist had thickened and was coiling like a blanket of white around the trunks , muffling the rest of the world .
she was halfway into the trunk now , just her face and one arm showing through the bark , glittering black eyes fixed on me .
and she was gone , leaving me staring at a faceless tree trunk .
i dropped the stick and leaned against a trunk , uncaring that it might be a dryad 's tree .
clenching my fists , i pushed myself off the trunk , taking a deep breath to slow my pounding heart .
i realized what was coming a second later and dived aside , as a blast of icicle - laced air tore into the trees behind me , the lethal ice darts shredding leaves and sticking into trunks .
the darkness surrounding us cleared , and we stumbled between a pair of gnarled trunks , into the familiar twilight of faery .
the branches were bent under the weight , and the grass around the trunk was scattered with red , bulbous fruit .
they were all massive , ancient things , with thick trunks and gnarled branches overly full of bright red fruit .
the summer jester leaned back against the trunk , regarding us with a smirk .
we sidled around the trunk , watching as the creature moved between the tree aisles , crouching and peering over the branches as it searched for us .
at one point , it passed right by the trunk we were hiding behind , making the ground shake as it stepped close .
a massive foot smashed down a few yards from the trunk , and the tree rustled and hissed , dropping apples everywhere , as the giant parted the branches overhead and spotted us .
in the distance , rising above a ring of brambles and thorns , an enormous grassy hill could be seen through the trunks .
leafless trees grew close together , the sunlight peeking through their branches to dapple the snow , and every tree , trunk , twig and branch was coated in ice .
as we passed a clump of trees , a large shape between the trunks caught my eye and made me jump , hand going to my sword .
i helped do this , i thought , wrenching my gaze from a scattering of dead birds around the trunk of a tree .
i pounded at his face , slamming him several times into the tree trunk .
i snarled as keirran slowly regained his feet and slumped against the trunk .
and then my legs turn into waterlogged tree trunks , and all the beautiful fall colors fade to gray .
the trunk is huge , with knobs and winding paths of bark around it .
right in front of me , sitting leaning against the trunk of the old oak , is maggie armstrong .
i lean against the oak , its trunk so thick nothing but a bulldozer could destroy it .
defeated , i sit on one of the trunks .
he leans his head back against the trunk and lets out a long breath .
he stops when we get to a thick oak tree with a small platform nailed to the trunk about a foot off the ground .
caleb pounds his fist hard into the tree trunk .
my head slams against the trunk and i briefly see stars .
as we pass a thick tree with a knotted trunk i get tackled from behind .
i focus on the large branch coming off the tree 's trunk and i try to break that branch away but it wo n't come .
i do n't tell her how i split the dead tree 's trunk straight down the middle through telekinesis , or how henri threw knives at me that i deflected into a sandbag fifty feet away .
it sticks into the trunk of a tree beside me and the tree ignites in flame .
in the small gap at the base of its twisted trunk , safely tucked away in a black plastic box , is the map that leads to the cave .
to my surprise the beech trunk opens , creating a hollow space that looks just big enough for two people and a chest to fit .
i toss the chest in the open trunk , and with telekinesis i pick up two trees and send them like missiles at the creature 's back .
i collapse against a trunk .
i cautiously lift my hands and envision the trunk separating , when a bolt of lightning cracks in the distance .
i climb to my feet and see that i ' ve opened the beech tree 's trunk halfway .
not running away but not fighting back either , ella circles the tree trunk , continuing to dodge the ten fists .
before i can figure out what ella means , there 's a loud crack and the heavy tree trunk tips forward .
the map changes color and looks to be scanning the area , finally zooming in on the trunk of a five - pronged cactus about a quarter mile away from where we are .
nine smacks spine first against the trunk with enough force to shake the uppermost branches .
ivan is on me again before i have a chance to regroup , delivering a two - punch combination to my chest , followed by an uppercut that sends me tumbling over a fallen tree trunk .
` ` you can do better than that , '' says one , sitting cross - legged on the tree trunk .
ivan leaps onto the tree trunk , standing above me .
it topples with a loud groan and crushes one of the soldiers beneath its trunk .
mine looked like an elephant trunk eating weeds . ''
she started to turn , but his hands slammed into the trunk .
i shrugged again as i focused on the trunks of old trees , about to change the subject and deny the other part of his statement .
he had arms the size of tree trunks and a charming - enough smile .
tendrils reached the back of the car , sliding over the trunk .
arms like tree trunks were shown off by the torn overalls he wore .
elliott pats the trunk .
leaning against its trunk is a figure dressed in black robes .
a metallic clicking sound from the branches above grabbed his attention , made him look up ; a flash of silver and red light caught his eyes just before disappearing around the trunk to the other side .
yet the trees were tall with sturdy trunks , packed tightly together , the canopy up above thick with leaves .
thomas had charged thirty or forty feet into the woods , dodging and ducking and losing ground with every second , when the beetle blade jumped onto a particularly large tree and scooted up its trunk .
leaning back against the thick trunk , he wished for a breeze but did n't get one .
all the trunks are burned to a freaking crisp .
she propped me against a tree trunk and lifted the cool , wet cloth of her skirt once again to my forehead .
when i am there , i take the rope up to that overhanging tree and wrap it around the trunk , taking up the slack so it is taut .
i had spied before a large tree trunk that had fallen from the bank into the water , its roots still anchored to the shore .
two feet now , still sand and a few rocks , now ... '' there 's a grating sound as the belle 's keel slips up on the shoal , but we are close enough such that her bow noses up to the fallen trunk .
and lightfoot and chee - a - quat and katy leap up on the trunk and disappear into the woods .
i know that the rope goes up over that limb and then is brought down , wrapped around the trunk of the tree , and tightly knotted .
the tree seems to have steadied itself , so i swim out beyond the roots to the trunk and climb aboard .
oh well , i say to myself as i wrap my legs around the trunk beneath me .
but i see it is only another floating trunk of a tree and there is still no one close around .
scrap pieces of wood were nailed into the trunks of the two trees on either end for makeshift ladders .
he propped her against a tree trunk and leaned close to examine the wound in her stomach .
we stumbled into a clearing radiant in starlight , in the center of which stood the shattered trunk of a young hemlock , snapped off eight feet from the ground , and around its base were scattered the broken bones of its branches .
` ` it appears from the evidence that someone impaled him upon the broken trunk of a hemlock tree , will henry , '' he said dryly .
then he collapsed against a tree trunk , his gasps all out of proportion to the difficulty of his efforts .
did he see in his mind 's eye , as i did , the jagged trunk of a shattered tree rising from pierre larose 's desecrated corpse ?
along either side of the riverbed , strange pale - skinned plants clung to the rock , with bulbous trunks and skinny branches festooned with dark green waxy leaves .
warthrop rammed the blade into the trunk of the tree and sliced downward , making a six - inch incision .
the doctor dropped the specimen container into the instrument case and pulled himself to his feet , holding on to the trunk of the dragon 's blood tree to keep from sliding down the muddy slope .
he raised his hand , one finger extended , and , as if on cue , a headless human torso came round the bend , turning lazily in the slowing current , its trunk split wide down the middle , its intestines trailing behind in the bloody froth .
i aim at a tree not far off and fire , tearing a bit of bark off the tree 's trunk .
kicking out , watching the sky narrow to a sliver as the trunk closed over him , zev felt something wet and realized that , for the first time since he was five years old , he 'd peed himself .
he walks backward through a tree trunk .
as it powered down , i held on to the branch above me and walked toward the trunk .
the tree house was gone , but carved in the bark on the trunk were the initials : ef + ad - emily fields + alison dilaurentis .
once they were out of the ravine , spencer spotted the thin golden beam of wilden 's flashlight far ahead , bouncing off the tree trunks .
he let out a frustrated groan , smacked the trunk of his car hard , wheeled around , and climbed into the driver 's seat .
the beams were from a flashlight , criss - crossing over the tree trunks .
there were still wood blocks fastened to the tree trunk , makeshift steps to get into toby 's old tree house .
the person was still pressed against the tree trunk , staring at aria with a shell - shocked look on his or her sooty face .
just twenty feet away , almost blending into the trunk of the hastingses ' giant oak , stood a teenage girl bouncing a bundled baby .
suddenly , she grabbed the swiss army knife from ali 's hand and walked toward the solid trunk .
emily stepped away from the tree and showed off the trunk .
she grabbed the threadbare rope and placed her feet on the planks her dad had nailed to the trunk as steps sometime in the many years she 'd been locked in the hospital .
using the trunk was a long - standing good - luck tradition : it had once belonged to regina hastings , spencer 's great - great - grandmother .
thick leaves waved over their heads , and aria spied an envelope pinned to one of the trunks .
she tore it off the trunk .
iris leaned against the tree trunk .
spencer backed up so that her spine was pressed against a tree trunk .
then , gathering up her courage , she hefted open her window , crept onto the roof , climbed onto the oak tree , and slid down the trunk , the way she always did when she snuck out .
one tree right in front of her split into two , forming a seat between the two trunks .
hanna protested , her heels sinking into the slushy dirt around the tree trunk .
she was the first one there , so she leaned against the trunk and waited .
` ` you were there on our drive up here , '' spencer gasped , the knobs of her spine pressing into the rough trunk of the tree .
a car swished on the street below , its headlights bouncing off the tree trunks .
behind the row of bushes and up against the trunk of a weeping willow , i scan the midnight horizon .
at first , i thought he 'd invented my role because the trunk did n't seem to need steadying , but as he cut deeper , it listed , and i applied myself to keeping it still .
joel leaned back against the trunk of the tree , staring up at the sparkling leaves .
the chalkling moved over to a large oak tree with thick branches , then - oddly - moved up the side of the trunk .
someone needs to stop this , he thought , leaning back against a tree trunk .
cynthia craned her neck to look around the tree trunk .
his head appeared on the other side of the tree trunk .
that forest was full of tall dead tree trunks , with stubby , rotting limbs .
the aroma was coming from a brown handprint on the trunk of the tree .
then , the last person he wanted to see emerged through a tree trunk , easily finding him by his glow .
the tree was a live oak -- a knobby thing , with a double trunk full of random twisting limbs .
allie knew it the second she scuttled up the trunk .
the gentle trickle of that stream drew us each day ; my brother for the rope swing he had looped around the strongest tree , the one with the trunk that seemed to bend towards the water as if thirsty for a taste of its pure relief .
my heart lurched in my chest and i shrugged around stovia to watch through blurred vision as they dragged a bleeding , crying kir to the nearest tree trunk .
they stopped , sliding down to lean against tree trunks and eat the hard biscuits that had come to form their unsatisfying daily diet .
my rescuers looked at each other wide - eyed and then quickly pushed me behind a thick tree trunk , warning me with their eyes to stay there .
her hand stroked down my side , tracing her fingers unconsciously over the branches and down the trunk of the tree i had tattooed on my side .
the trees around the car had thick trunks and were dense with leaves .
the trees are tall and straight , their lower trunks mostly devoid of limbs , their foliage a dark green with a distinctive smell , crisp and clean .
they grow quickly , and make good building material with those tall , straight trunks .
uneven ground , underbrush with burs and scrub to catch at you , leaf litter , and straight , even tree trunks , like they were laid out with a laser sight .
it 's got its front paws up against the trunk of a tree , growling low in its throat as it rakes them down the bark , leaving a row of parallel gashes .
i wrap an arm around her , and with her leaning against me - small and warm and alive - i tip my head back to rest it against the tree trunk .
i press myself against the tree trunk and wait for him to come back .
a flashlight flickers through the trees , broken and jagged as it shines past the trunks .
i sat down on the bent over trunk and ignored the dampness of the bark under my thin leggings .
piper slid off the tree trunk and whirled around to face me .
they blanketed tree branches , glided over their trunks and whipped back and forth across the ground .
beyond where our lights reached there were walls of them , they stacked on top of each other , tangled in columns or along tree trunks .
when she pounded a tree branch like a spear into the thick trunk of a tree she pretended it was ethan she was obliterating , soothed by the splintering sounds of wood and lucien 's snort .
then it darted up the gray trunk of an oak tree and was gone .
rings of pus and blood inside gave it the appearance of an ancient redwood 's stripped trunk .
orange hallelujah ferns , shimmering with raindrops , laced their trunks .
she rolled toward him , her shoulder pressed against the tree trunk .
he leaned against the trunk of a chinaberry tree , arms crossed over his chest .
madame blavatsky reclined against the willow 's trunk , her mane of auburn hair haloed in humidity .
she leaned against the smooth white tree trunk and rested her hands on her knees to catch her breath .
standing among acid - green ferns and the mottled trunks of live oaks were the same four seedbearers she 'd encountered on the road .
the vast trunk of one of the uprooted oak trees swirled by with chilling force .
he was leaning against the trunk of a large oak , scanning the manicured grounds .
i settled beside him against the trunk .
i reached out and ran my hand over one of the severed trunks .
i grab the blanket from the trunk , and we walk together through the ditch and over the low fence and then through the enormous field until we find a good spot several yards out .
she slumped down on a fallen tree trunk , put her face in her hands , and wept .
he hopped silently onto the other end of the tree trunk and said , ` ` why do you cry , girl ? ''
i could n't see anything but heard his footfalls crunch the snow toward the trunk once more .
i kick at the back of the trunk .
thayer drops me carefully to the ground and angles my body against the scratchy bark of a tree 's thick trunk .
finally , dad gets hold of her arms and pins her against the trunk of her car .
his silver eyes flicked to the trunks , then to her .
celaena let out a loud gasp to get chaol 's attention before she slowed to a stop , and braced her hands against a tree trunk .
aria ran her free hand over the trunks , feeling the rough textures .
the oak tree with the split trunk that talon had climbed a hundred times .
roar sat beside her against the same large trunk .
roar shifted against the trunk .
he struck the man 's neck , pinning him to the trunk .
the aud scampered to the opposite side of the thick trunk , giving perry no clear shot .
claw marks shredded the trunk around the base .
molly set the lamp down on the trunks and came over .
he asked , setting his bow and quiver against the trunks .
he pulled off his belt and placed it on the trunk .
it 's just the right shape , with the branches starting partway up the trunk like that , and it feels right , '' i answer around a spoonful of ice cream .
the native americans liked to use the trunks for the main supports in their wigwams .
a series of boards have been nailed to the trunk as a kind of ladder .
they 're just bare , gray trunks and twisted branches against the grainy , rumbling sky .
it catches quickly in the dry brush , moving from the bushes up the trunk of the nearest tree .
i lean my head back against the tree trunk just as my phone rings .
i scream raggedly , the noise echoing off the blackened tree trunks .
i scramble backward , up against the trunk of the tree .
ryan leaned against the trunk , long legs stretched out in front of him .
sonia notices connor focused a bit deerlike on the trunk .
in his place is the trunk of an old , dead tree , its outstretched limbs withered and sere .
his legs are like the trunks of trees , his arms like truncheons , his chest as broad as a barrel .
she spun out from the spot and ran at a thick tree trunk , her feet gripping the bark with ease before she used it to push off , her leg snapping out from the knee , her foot connecting with the girl 's head with a sickening thud .
fumbling my way toward the trunk of the tree , i wrapped my arms around it like it had been alex about five minutes ago .
aspen must have put two and two together pretty quickly and slammed the trunk .
instead , hundreds of maxi pads are stuck to the tree trunks , and tampons are tied to the branches like a bunch of little christmas ornaments fluttering in the wind .
if i is chopping an axe into the trunk of a big tree , i is hearing a terrible sound coming from inside the heart of the tree . '
it 's the kind of beast that responds to one hand clapping , and so i clap against a tree trunk .
the only thing about him not grey was a large black trunk beside him , high as his shoulder .
fuffle came from the trunk , and the grey man smiled .
ahead through the tall grey tree trunks , silvery light rose in the mist .
the grey man was so happy he jumped from the trunk , turned a cartwheel , then fell to wheezing and coughing and had to be slapped on the back several times .
the sailors carried the black trunk below with them , and amos and his host ate a heavy and hearty meal .
the grey man speared all the radishes from the salad on his knife and flipped them into a funnel he had stuck in a round opening in the trunk : fulrmp , melrulf , ulfmphgrumf !
it was a very large lump , nearly as large as the black trunk of the skinny grey man .
as the last of it dropped from sight , the trunk went mlpbgrm !
so he put the last piece on top of the trunk , swallowed several aspirins , and lay down .
the last step took the thin grey man right into the open trunk .
asked amos , pointing to the trunk .
she 'd seen him in swim trunks .
thighs too heavy - must not a trunk be strong to bear the weight ? -belly too round - should the fruits of the tree be sere and wasted , then ? -hair too nappy - a well - leafed tree is a healthy tree .
pretty soon they seemed very approximate , like the idea of trees : a grayish - brown trunk below , a greenish splodge of something that might have been leaves above .
coraline stared at the leaves on the trees and at the patterns of light and shadow on the cracked bark of the trunk of the beech tree outside the window .
from the corner of her eye she saw something bone white scamper from one tree trunk to another , closer and closer .
beyond the fence was a hill spotlighted by a golden sliver of moonlight , but because of the steepness of the incline , i could n't see anything more than thick , towering trunks .
there was a wealth of trees , the trunks painted black and the leaves painted gold .
i sprinted to the right , too close to a thick trunk but not caring because i assumed i 'd mist through it ... until the jaggedness of the bark scratched my arm .
i dove for one of the tree trunks outside the circle , thinking , hoping , a trap rested at the base and the zombies would be swept into the air .
i pushed my boot into a groove on the trunk and raised one of my arms .
a car drove past , and reeve darted behind a tree trunk .
around a thick tree trunk .
finally i reached a large enough limb to support my weight and stopped , pressing my back against the trunk .
and there he was , inching from one tree to the other , using the trunks as a shield .
we settled kat against the tree trunk .
when i reached the edge of the forest , i pressed against another trunk , peering out at the building .
when i woke , it were light out , and rob were at my feet , leaning against a trunk and hunched over his bent - up knees .
my fingers twined toward it of their own accord , and the man , a brawny blacksmith with shoulders like a tree trunk stretched across , smiled .
she leaned on the trunk of the tree , dressed in the yellow and gold of the senior cheer squad .
all of the trees were giants with corkscrew trunks , like the one that graced the castle courtyard .
he smelled the sweetness of night - blooming moss that grew with a ghostly luminescence on the twisted trunks of the trees .
it was shaped like a man with a single trunk and two sprouting arms .
a few lonely baobab trees stood in the distance , trunks thick , branches sprawling , blurred by shimmering ripples of heat .
it struck the tree with enough force to shake the jungle , but the trunk held .
the notion came so strongly that she leaped to the nearest tree , embracing the trunk with arms and knees .
it clawed futilely at the trunk .
hugging the trunk , abeke shinnied down the tree and dropped to the ground .
you had the means to raise the trunk from the tower , but they had the means to extract the protector and keep it from you .
a squirrel dashed up a trunk .
he jumped into the air and glided over to a tree , lashed out with his leg , and rebounded a dozen feet after striking the trunk .
pushing off , he turned and wrapped his arms around the trunk of the tall tree .
not wanting to gain more altitude , nate kicked off the trunk , floating sideways through a gap in the branches , arcing down and alighting on the weedy back lawn of a one - story home .
a row of medium - size trunks hid the base of the opposite wall .
aiming his sword into the trees , he jumped again , knifing between hefty trunks .
the petrified trunk was wide enough to conceal him .
with his back to the petrified trunk , knees bent , cole hugged his shins .
other varieties had looked foreign - fruit protected by stinging tendrils , fruit that grew in clusters like grapes but had thick rinds , fruit they had to chisel out of the trunks like tumors .
about a hundred yards forward on his side , partly obscured by lesser vegetation , he saw a soaring tree with a trunk wider than the autocoach .
the trunks only grew thicker after that one .
between the surreal trunks , fragile ferns grew among expanses of dark soil and mossy boulders .
they were still huge , but most of the trunks were now smaller than the autocoach , and none were as wide as a house .
jace passed him , his rope ensnaring distant tree trunks , then shortening and carrying him along .
several trees were white as snow - leaf , limb , and trunk .
jace used his rope to slingshot himself from trunk to trunk .
jace used his rope to slingshot himself from trunk to trunk .
finally , he paused behind the trunk of a knobby old tree , wedging himself between a pair of thick , gnarled roots .
she drew her sword and stabbed it through the trunk of a palm tree with an easy thrust .
jason swung his sword back and forth a few times , then approached the same trunk corinne had stabbed and hacked at it with the edge .
passing through the trunk had left no stain on the reflective surface .
he lay inside the hollow trunk , staring up through the top at the stars , his clothes soaked .
feeling like a veteran adventurer , he climbed the narrow trunk and plucked three pieces of the fruit .
standing near the trunk of the tree , jason wondered if the shadow creature ever ate .
the trees were not very tall , but they had thick trunks with deeply grooved bark .
jason noticed a large trunk completely encrusted with shells .
the tree blocked his view , so jason backed away as the conscriptor raced around the trunk , brandishing a longsword .
bedraggled foliage hung in long streamers from trunks and limbs .
before long , rachel began to notice dull orange masses of fungus , clinging to the tree trunks like wasp hives , giving them an ailing appearance .
the trees became spaced farther apart , and the trunks seemed thicker .
as they rowed onward , the swollen masses of fungus became more plentiful on the tree trunks , in dreary shades of yellow and orange .
rachel noticed a fist - size spider scaling a trunk .
he and tark stroked over to the trunk of an enormous tree .
leaping from the canoe , nedwin shinnied up the bare trunk like a monkey , avoiding clumps of fungus where possible , tearing them off when they got in his way , indifferent to the vibrant puffs of spores .
before long , nedwin reached the height where the first long limbs extended out from the trunk , and he vanished into the leafy canopy .
he could locate no opening save the one through which he had emerged and an aperture directly overhead , at the top of the hollow trunk , through which he could see stars .
he sat awkwardly on the lip of the tall hollow trunk , trying to position himself so he could descend as he had climbed .
he could n't seem to get it right , and he began to experience light - headedness at the thought of sliding down the interior of the trunk , accumulating splinters , before breaking an ankle at the bottom .
finally , after many hesitant twistings and turnings , he lowered himself back into the trunk in a position where he could brace himself .
they had a long line secured around the thick trunk of a knobby tree that towered over the rushing water .
slender trunk .
long beards of moss and glossy coats of slime added texture to the dark trunks .
he saw a snake streak through the water , just as the mud viper had , and steal a big , hairy spider off of a tree trunk .
up close he marveled at the sheer girth of the trunk .
with daylight waning , they gathered before the gap in the mighty trunk .
he only leaned his head against the oak trunk .
the trunk was too slick with moss and rain to scale , the branches too high .
she veered eastward , still going downhill , and grabbed on to a trunk to swing herself around , almost losing her balance as she slammed into something hard and unyielding .
she slumped against the trunk .
rowan put his clothes back on and settled against the trunk , his body warm and solid against hers .
a moment later , rowan was behind her , sitting against the trunk .
she gripped a trunk , her knees buckling .
he presses them roughly to the edge of the open trunk and pins me down with my back slightly bent over .
she glanced over at ellie huddling against a fallen , lichen - encrusted tree trunk .
the valley floor was dense with a carpet of dead leaves and a logjam of dead and blasted trees , their trunks broken into jagged , splintery toothpicks and coated with cool slicks of moss .
almost exactly halfway down its length , the trunk forked into a wide v , and the thicker , stouter end of the fork hung over the pool .
she felt the girl begin to inch away , and she followed , legs still straddling the trunk , palms cupping the icy bark , eyes never leaving the dogs .
groping beneath the tree trunk , she wrapped her hand around a branch as thick around as her wrist and pulled .
still clutching the branch , she squeezed her thighs around the trunk ; felt her chin bang wood and then pain , red and hot as a brand , as her teeth drove into her tongue .
alex waited until ellie had shimmied off the main trunk and begun inching onto the branch before following .
she looked left , saw that the very big mutt was already across and eyeing the trunk .
perhaps twenty yards further , her gaze snagged on a smudgy slate - blue hash mark halfway up the trunk of a sturdy oak .
the crowns of several trees had snapped , leaving trunks that were little more than ruined splinters .
alongside , a very large , navy blue cordura stuff sack hung from a carabiner clipped to red paraline tied off around the trunk of a smaller adjacent tree .
the changed boy was still gawping up at chris when the skillet connected - and the sound , already so deep in chris 's memory and his nightmares , became real again : a solid slam , the clunk of an ax biting into a tree trunk .
a few seconds later , she spotted four ratty boards nailed to the trunk of a towering oak .
fishing the splintered fragment from the snow , she positioned it close to the trunk .
dropping to her rump , she shucked the pack and pushed it far back , close to the trunk .
crowding up to the trunk , the hunter shot straight up , threw his bolt , squeezed off another shot and then another and another : crack - crack - crack - crack !
the man tom zeroed in on stood to weller 's right : grim and blocky , with a barrel chest and thighs like tree trunks .
he leaned forward a little to make himself heard over the axes biting trees and handsaws buzzing through trunks .
barely daring to breathe , ellie inched her eyes west , away from a new day- and saw stark silhouettes slip from behind tree trunks that , in such bad light , you might mistake for fence posts .
even so , there ought to have been plenty of frank mcdermott shrapnel : bits and pieces zipping hither and thither at high speeds to get hung up on branches or blast divots into tree trunks .
their tracks were already filling , an inch of new snow dusted the hood , and the wind had thrown two or three more inches onto the trunk .
through a red haze , she sees the trees racing for them , the trunks growing huge in the windshield .
i watched the woman standing by the tree , arms folded as she patiently waited for ginger , running rings around the trunk .
` ` five , '' cole said , stopping to knock his shoe on a tree trunk ; chunks of mud fell out the treads .
one pine slanted close to the top of the outcropping and grace dragged her fingers along its trunk , her face wondering .
close to me , the damp trunks of pine trees jutted from the haze , black and severe .
that 's what i told myself as i drove toward beck 's , my headlights the only illumination in the pitch - black night , bending and flickering against the black tree trunks on either side of the road .
to my left side , i saw a flash of movement : a brown - gray coat , the same color as the trunks of the pine trees .
the stark black trunks of the trees jutted like a fence between me and the deeper forest beyond .
these were close woods made of a thousand dark tree trunks turned black by dusk .
these trees were pressed tightly together , the underbrush crammed between the trunks as if holding them upright .
the slender white trunks of the birches , creamy and smooth as human skin .
his mind focused on a branched thought , traveled along a limb , to a trunk , down to roots , into the ground .
cherry - red leaves of poison ivy and blood - spikes of raspberry vines flashed between the trunks .
there had been something immutable about the three women in 300 fox way - maura , persephone , and calla were the trunk from which all of the branches sprang .
above an ordinary green trunk , dozens of twisted shoots clawed from the old canes , contorting tightly around one another .
a few minutes later , standing at the open trunk , they all realized neither gansey nor ronan had considered the plan deeply enough to procure a shovel .
a second bird creature clung to the trunk .
as they pulled closer , the lights illuminated a huge spoiler on the trunk , and then revealed a portion of a knife graphic on the side .
here the moss furred the trunks .
she peered out from behind one of the trunks .
the place , a sinister group of oak trees , had been notable because of old words carved into one of the trunks .
blue had a satchelful of memories of standing by the massive , smooth trunk in the rain , hearing it hiss and tap and scatter across the canopy without ever reaching the ground .
tonight , an eerie , uncertain light flickered on the trunk of the tree .
ferns sprang from rocks and verdant moss grew up the sides of the tree trunks .
the trees grew even larger , some of them grown together into trunks like castles , turreted and huge .
a man - sized rotten cavity gaped blackly in its trunk .
it was the opposite of adam 's instinct , which was to search between the trunks of the trees for movement .
the shadows beneath fallen trees were flat black , and the trunks were painted in chocolate , charcoal , onyx .
sparse red leaves spotted the branches , and by the time blue pointed out a massive sycamore , the peeling white and gray trunk too wide for her to put her arms around , they were in the sticky grips of summer .
ahead , adam saw slowly moving reflections on the tree trunks , the strong , slanting afternoon light mirroring off the mysterious pool they 'd found the first day .
over the top of their flexible trunks , i 'd woven in brush with the roots still hanging , so the plants would stay green .
he grabbed ahold of the lock on the trunk and gave it a tug .
` ` well , the trunk , not - '' ` ` jhi is n't sitting on anyone , '' rollan said calmly .
briggan was in the lead and howled as he blasted through the orchard , leaping over grapevines and dodging tree trunks .
i just hoped it did n't involve axes , gags , and the trunk of a car .
knees pulled up , i sat against one of the massive oaks , its broad trunk shielding me from the view of the house .
she was as thick as a tree trunk , but there was not an ounce of fat on her .
the keres collided into the massive trunk and on impact , the brilliant blue lotus blossoms shriveled and died , falling to the ground in dried black petals .
as the lifeless gorgon hung limply from the tree trunk , impaled by ares ' sword , aphrodite gasped again , staring at the bloody half - reptile .
the trunk of the tree was about a foot thick , and its limbs shot off starting halfway up , branching out over and over until the outermost tips were as thin as toothpicks .
every branch , from the thick parts where they connected to the trunk to the needle - thin tips , which looked sharp enough to impale rock , almost seemed to move in an unseen breeze , tricking his vision as he scanned the sculpture from top to bottom , side to side .
focusing as deeply as possible on the trunk of the black tree , he imagined a pinhole in the imaginary barrier he 'd created within him .
he tried to look at it , but saw nothing except the occasional glimmer of silver light reflecting off tree trunks .
my arms felt heavy as tree trunks .
there was no time for our eyes to adjust or to feel our way carefully or to do anything other than run in a gasping , stumbling herd with arms outstretched , dodging trunks that seemed to coalesce suddenly in the air just inches from us .
fiona made a shelter for us by coaxing a ring of trees to bend their lower branches together , petting their bark and whispering to their trunks until the branches meshed to form a watertight roof of leaves just high enough for us to sit beneath .
miss peregrine spoke up - inasmuch as she was able to - hopping atop bronwyn 's trunk and tapping it with her beak .
from the corner of my eye i saw hugh rise from the hay and crawl to bronwyn 's trunk .
we clustered around the trunk , speaking in whispers .
hugh patted bronwyn 's hand , which was covering the trunk latch .
he looked away at the trees that edged our clearing , their firelit trunks and the blackness beyond .
` ` we 're okay , '' i said , stepping down from the trunk .
but he could see that there was no other way - emma 's arms were pinned , bronwyn was busy protecting both her trunk and olive from a trio of angry train conductors , and there were more adults on the way - so hugh began pounding his chest as if trying to dislodge a piece of stuck food .
then she leapt out of the trunk , hobbled into the square , and with one loud squawk scattered the rest of the pigeons .
it ended abruptly at a forest of skeletal trees , branches spindling up like the tips of wet paintbrushes , and for a while the path became so lost beneath fallen trunks and carpets of ivy that navigating it was a matter of faith .
i scrambled over a giant trunk slick with moss , and the path took a sharp turn .
and what force would be stronger than me and my admittedly underdeveloped upper - body muscles wailing on the trunk with random tools ?
a minute later i came back and peeked again over the landing and saw not the pile of smashed wood that i had so fondly hoped for , but a jagged trunk - shaped hole in the floorboards .
years were like days to such an ancient being , and it looked just the same , its massive trunk , its canopy of palest green leaves .
but when she came to the spot on the trunk where it should have been she saw nothing but bark .
he would run half up a tree trunk and dive for the next one , never even slowing as he came to land between wild leaps and kept on , powerful and thrilling , explosive , acrobatic .
tilting off balance , the devil went scudding into a tree trunk .
but a tree loomed in the way , and the lad hung on tight to his knife as his momentum whipped him around it , again and again , around and around until the ghoulish tongue was spooled around the tree trunk like twine .
magpie called out quietly to the crows , and they winged their way through the dim forest of broken hat racks to perch on the trunk 's edge , depositing batch inside with a grunt and a squeal .
it flickered a little , looked around , and suddenly leapt up onto the edge of the trunk between calypso and bertram , where it performed a silly dance before backflipping off the side and blinking out in - mid - air .
on the edge of the trunk calypso muttered , ` ` about time ! ''
a heavy fog had rolled in during the night , and the early - morning sunlight was red and ghostly in the wispy moisture around the dark tree trunks of the woods around miriam 's house .
bulging red eyes , a neck thick and gnarled as a tree trunk , globules of slobber hanging from its open mouth .
they swarmed around the car , and little flaming darts smacked against the windshield , the hood , and the trunk , exploding with firecracker - loud pops .
i heard more smacking and cracking behind me , and figured more gnomes were skittering around on the trunk , chopping at the back window .
` ` there is no trunk . ''
i looked down between my dangling feet and saw a sea of white , churning rivulets of mist weaving between the glistening brown trunks of the pine trees below .
a trail snaked through the winter - bare trees , and i hit it at full gallop as bullets hit the trunks on either side , peppering me with five - inch splinters and chunks of wooden shrapnel .
it veered away from the bike and toward him , hitting the tree trunk he dived behind and exploding on impact .
the door opened and a guy built like a tree trunk came into the room .
the bullets tore into tree trunks and snapped off small branches as we rocketed past , flinging chunks of wood and toothpick - sized pieces of shrapnel on impact .
i kneeled on the seat , pressed my chest against the back and , holding the gun with both hands , leaned out the busted window , resting my elbows on the trunk to steady my aim .
one guy feels the trunk , another the tail , another a leg and so on , and someone asks them , ' what is an elephant ? '
the one who felt the trunk says an elephant is like a plow ; the one who felt the tusk said it was like a tree ; the one who felt the leg said it was like column to a temple .
she could hardly make out the trunks that soared above them , but each was the circumference of a house .
they loomed through the mist , their bark rippling terribly , sometimes three or four of them radiating in a circle from their trunks , like monstrous pets leashed together .
it strained for her but was pulled back , sharply , by the tree trunk at its center ; it gave a dissatisfied hiss as liza plunged blindly forward .
then the darkness in front of them began to move , and take shape ; eight legs , each the size of tree trunks , unfolded , and the thing shook itself , and stood .
other branches twisted around one another , always creaking , always groaning , until they formed two long arms and a second leg to set down beside the main trunk .
he could see , too , the power in the monster 's arms , great wiry ropes of branches constantly twisting and shifting together in what must have been tree muscle , connected to a massive trunk of a chest , topped by a head and teeth that could chomp him down in one bite .
they ran around the trunk of the yew tree , hiding from one another . )
he got to the trunk and started kicking it .
only conor catching them on the tree trunk stopped them .
i stretched and leaned against the trunk of the tree , happy for the silence .
alejo slammed a fist into the trunk of the banana plant , swearing loudly .
alejo slowly slid down against the trunk of the sleek banana plant and buried his face into his arms .
the last canister rocketed over the heads of the union soldiers and hit a birch tree high up in its trunk , exploding and instantly amputating its upper half from the lower .
mr . stark steadied himself on the tree trunk while kevin pressed two spots on the left of where missys hand had been and two spots on the right .
johnny whinnied and sidestepped , scraping lonnies leg against a tree trunk .
she jumped over a marn at the side of the trail , bent down and grabbed a handful of the blue grass , then disappeared behind a humongous tree trunk .
curiously tommy felt the bark and ran his hand up and down the trunk .
she pushed the button and a small grapnel shot out of the three tubes and attached itself to the tree trunk .
one by one , their heavy trunks smack the ground in thunderous explosions that send vibrations through the soles of my feet .
i climb , hands digging into the tree trunk , pine needles combing into my hair .
phantom hands push me back a step toward the trunk .
i feel hemmed in by these large trunks .
the blistered grey trunks of once elegant trees lined the edge of a distant field , and traced the path of the dried up river bed through this sorry place .
the water hole was buzzing with chatter and we rested by a fallen trunk to eat lunch .
she found herself staring blankly into the void , her eyes as dead as the tree trunk upon which she sat .
a large , bald , bull of a man ripped the axe out of the trunk with such force that the entirety of the tree trembled in the weapons passing , bits of bark going everywhere .
he grasped at the massive trunk of the mans arm , bearing down on him , and larissa watched as hassads movements began to slow .
there was more giggling and laughter from that curious female while she quickly and without any effort made her way down the tree trunk onto the mossy ground .
they not only cut down trees , they also cleaned the branches off the trunks , debarked them and piled them up in elaborate ten feet high clusters to dry the wood for many years .
she stuck out her tongue and ran up the tree trunk in three swift strides .
they walked a few yards down the tree trunk to where the water rushed beneath their platform .
no way , lilly ann shrieked and ran to the beached end of the tree trunk and jumped off into the soft sand laughing hysterically .
satisfied with his work he hoisted the assembly ten feet into the air and tied the rope to the tree trunk .
the big trunk threatened to slide further down and crush the unconscious frank turner if it was moved the wrong way .
even as she spoke she made a grab for the tree nearest to her , falling against it and wrapping both arms around its narrow trunk .
he stood beside the trunk of a big tree , invisible to the people not twenty feet away from him .
one moment he was still before it , allowing it to flow across him , and the next he had spun sharply , sword no longer loose in his hand , but gripped strongly , and pressed against the throat of the man he had caught and pinned against the trunk of a tree .
rand and bron parted before it and the knife struck the trunk of the tree behind them .
standing on the trunk of one of the fallen oaks i was amazed that a tree so big could be so easily toppled and a new understanding of the powerful forces of nature moved me .
the hemlocks , especially those with trunks more than a few inches thick , were dead or dying .
on the way we passed under the grove of tall trees where we took off our packs and set them against a tree trunk .
the mature trees , some with ivy crawling up their trunks , were trimmed high , leaving more than ample room for anyone to wander aimlessly beneath them .
it took three adults , with hands joined , to circle the trunk .
the arms reminded thomas of the trunk of an elephant , except that each arm terminated in a fearsome mouth with vicious looking metallic - like teeth .
sharianna stepped behind the trunk of a large pine tree and watched , her heart pounding .
follow the trunk .
this time slade recognized the dream ; the same initiation ceremony ending so abruptly with an echo of his fathers voice with its enigmatic command to follow the trunk .
follow the trunk the morning of the festival was slades fourth day on the wheel , and he was prepared .
slade , the adrenalin still pumping through his body providing him with strength he had not dreamt he possessed , began edging his way through the fray towards trunk .
follow him , slade yelled to wulfstan , pointing to trunk .
for a split second wulfstan was shocked , slade could see the surprise on his face , but then he spun around and together with slade followed the fleeing trunk .
this is wulfstan , slade said pointing to wulfstan , in there , he pointed towards the stone door , as you no doubt heard , are trunk and nikolai .
without thinking she stepped back , almost tripping over trunk 's large feet .
nikolai raced towards trunk , side - stepping a tunnel spider whose foot - long antennae were flailing around in reaction to the extremely high pitch of trunks scream .
nikolai raced towards trunk , side - stepping a tunnel spider whose foot - long antennae were flailing around in reaction to the extremely high pitch of trunks scream .
lara , caught unarmed and unprepared , turned to face a tunnel spider that was almost as tall as she was and was considerably longer , heavier and extremely agitated by the noise trunk was continuing to make .
nikolai , having retrieved his dagger , was edging backwards with tares in an attempt to create a barrier between trunk and the tunnel spiders , which had finally ceased coming through the wall .
we have to get him away from here , nikolai yelled , trying to make himself heard above trunks screaming and the increasingly agitated noises of the tunnel spiders .
the wall trunk was leaning against was free from the raging fire all the way to the other end of the clearing , giving trunk , lara and roulibard a clear passage to the tunnel leading outside .
the wall trunk was leaning against was free from the raging fire all the way to the other end of the clearing , giving trunk , lara and roulibard a clear passage to the tunnel leading outside .
trunk , no , you ca nt , nikolai screamed incoherently as he stopped running and saw trunk walking resolutely into the flames .
trunk , no , you ca nt , nikolai screamed incoherently as he stopped running and saw trunk walking resolutely into the flames .
despite the fact that the flames had lasted merely minutes wulfstan , trunk and nikolai had all been severely burned .
the creature called trunk lives , he escaped with the prisoners , arndern answered not daring to raise his head .
arndern knew his master well though ; there would be a very good reason why the dark one did not simply kill this trunk .
arndern knew exactly who it was the dark one had sent malachi to fetch , luca , the prisons governor and the only one who could truly be held responsible for allowing the creature called trunk to escape .
the escape of trunk , the necromancer , luca 's treachery , any one of these things could easily have driven the dark one into a towering rage , all of them combined had made his fury terrible to behold and yet arndern , deep in his secret heart , cheered .
wulfstan , however , could not walk , trunk and nikolai were both still badly burned and while he might be able to carry wulfstan tares knew he would never be strong enough to carry the soldier and run as well .
trunk want out now , trunk go home , the big creature solved tares problem by bending down and gently cradling the fallen wulfstan in his arms .
trunk want out now , trunk go home , the big creature solved tares problem by bending down and gently cradling the fallen wulfstan in his arms .
thank you trunk , tares said gravely , once again astounded at the capacity for understanding exhibited by the ogre - troll , everybody , we have to leave here immediately , he continued only to be cut off by lara .
darzan and roulibard began running while slade and tares went to assist nikolai , next to wulfstan and trunk he had sustained the most severe burns , and tares had not yet been able to heal them all .
lara , i need to stay here and try to finish healing wulfstan , trunk and nikolai but obviously we can not stay within this tunnel any longer than absolutely necessary , he began gravely watching the halfling woman .
while the height of trunk and tares would likely go unremarked in the city , where there were many ogres and half - ogres residing within the walls , laras lack of height made her an obvious halfling or a child and children were never used in these particular rituals .
trunk like malachi , he trunk friend , the ogre - troll rumbled as he too moved to embrace the wizard , just as nikolai had .
trunk like malachi , he trunk friend , the ogre - troll rumbled as he too moved to embrace the wizard , just as nikolai had .
trunk like slade , trunk interjected .
trunk not eat people , trunk said , his broad , grotesque face screwed up in disgust .
trunk not eat people , trunk said , his broad , grotesque face screwed up in disgust .
slade stared at the ring , then at trunk and then nikolai , unable to comprehend what he knew this must all mean .
slade felt fairly certain of nikolai , trunk , tares and lara .
how ironic that the only ones slade felt he could be completely certain of were the monstrous trunk and the necromancer of bhaal .
a dozen hands were helping and as she emerged from the crawl space we lifted her over the trunk .
there , just above his head , a branch emerged from the trunk .
he leaned his axe against the fallen trunk and sat down on it .
he would return tomorrow with his crosscut saw to slice the trunk into lengths the carpenter could use .
the trunk of this tree was round and completely illuminated the room .
trunks of the avenues religious ficus trees have become thicker , and their heavy long branches were reaching inside coutyards of people who humik had once known by their names .
the men were training again the private tasks and having a course for parachuting , first by slipping down with the omega twisted metal piece , linked to a thick rope stretching a thick pillar and a tree trunk : you grab that omega by both hands , push your body forward and find yourself surfing- hanging in the air .
he marks the tree next to the ones where he has hidden the bike by scraping away a piece of bark near the base of the trunk .
she slides hand over hand until she is close enough to the trunk of tree that the underbrush thins out .
semi - crouched , with her wingtips just short of touching the ground , prissi swings herself around the trunk of a tree so that she can take a glance backward .
in the middle of slinking around a tree trunk covered in poison ivy , prissi stops dead .
it was like kicking a tree trunk .
he was wearing baggy swim trunks .
the bigger man , wearing blue trunks , was clearly a brawler who d participated in one too many bar fights over the years .
the second man , in red trunks , fought like an experienced martial artist , well - schooled in hand to hand combat .
his legs were the size of tree trunks and his arms like honey baked hams , while his shirtless upper body was just as intimidating .
beneath it , in front of us and along the black eastern horizon , lightning forked down in brilliant trunks , searching , finding .
she made less noise than a breeze blowing among the tree trunks , but valerian felt as if his soft boots were betraying their flight to all the forest .
as the echo of my voice faded away downriver , i grabbed the trunk of a cedar tree that had been jerked from the ground by powerful raging water and dropped it at my feet .
upon every hand rose the mighty giants of the untouched forest , with the matted undergrowth banked so closely between the huge trunks that the only opening into the little , level arena was through the upper branches of the trees .
the lightning , darting and flashing through the blackness , showed wildly waving branches , whipping streamers and bending trunks .
in constant danger from falling trunks and branches and paralyzed by the vivid flashing of lightning and the bellowing of thunder they crouched in pitiful misery until the storm passed .
tarzyn had fastened the end of the rope securely to the trunk of the great tree on which she sat .
jan -- her lithe , young form flattened against the trunk of a great tree , his hands tight pressed against his rising and falling chest , and his eyes wide with mingled horror , fascination , fear , and admiration -- watched the primordial ape battle with the primeval woman for possession of a woman -- for him .
he turned his head back to me , but apart from that , he stayed as still as a tree trunk .
i stared up into its gnarled , many - branched trunk .
without hesitation i turned and ran , staying low , away from the car , until i was well behind the old and large trunk of an elm .
and that thought was enough to see me shaking , arm actually jittering so hard that the tips of my fingers danced over the wood of the trunk behind me as i tried to hold myself steady .
this time i managed to skid to a halt , grabbing at a tree trunk before i fell off the hill and rolled down to the flat almost 20 meters below .
branches were trimmed high on the trunks , perhaps to supply firewood , but giant limbs drooped to hedge in the sky .
the bowman stopped against a trunk and shot , the arrow striking dimarico 's uplifted shield .
when i reached the snarl of vines that had stopped me the first time i looked carefully in both directions , kept the silver trunk of an alder in sight , cut in around it , touched it with my fingers as i passed , walked another half dozen steps , and oops .
i sat down on a fallen tree trunk .
okay , i said to my short companion , and we grabbed onto the trunk of a tree leaning out over the stream and hauled ourselves up the bank .
he wound around the silver trunks of alders , their branches sprouting new leaves , and tramped through the familiar undergrowth of ferns beneath the shadows of the fir trees .
the tall looming oak became sort of pale , its trunk was caving in and the entire tree was losing its leaves , arthas released a smirk as to be amazed by such a trick , he looked towards alet only to find the sword drenched in the purple ooze , nice attack , but unless you have something stronger , you wo nt defeat me , shouted arthas to his enemy , his voice full of contentment and arrogance .
jim scurried over to set on the tree trunk watching with anxious eyes .
they ducked under the drooping branches and sat near the trunk .
his back pressed against a tree trunk .
the moment the little troop passed goskal and were approaching the port , a woman sheltered beneath a tree detached herself from the trunk with which she had been confounded in the darkness , and advanced into the middle of the road , putting her finger on her lips .
the trunk lifted and wrapped itself around a small tail which was attached to the beast that pulled me .
both mammoths raised their trunks and trumpeted in unison .
with no readily apparent defensible positions i settled for stepping off the road and backing against the trunk of a larger pine .
dangling tenuously to the trunk of a tree some feet past the other side of the stream was a small patch of some sort of climbing plant .
before much longer the last two of the creatures lay quivering beside separate tree trunks .
he saw that the tree trunks were large , much larger than usual for land near salt water .
my mother could run for longer distances than anyone on the island , and my father could lift an entire bolemor trunk in his arms .
i think his brains are pasted to the trunk of tree back there .
you should rest in the hollow trunks . ''
they were in sight of the trees of the barrier forest with the light falling fast leaving them in utter blackness in the folds of the hills , or if they were more fortunate , nestled deep within the powerful trunks of the forest .
the others hid themselves in the trunk of a great hollow tree , crawling deep within the bowels of its scorched frame .
it would be a good place for a watch as he could prop himself up against the massive trunk and view the access from all sides .
without any warning , a hollow , splitting sound broke from his right and the trunk of a large tree fell with a resounding thud .
yelling wildly and bringing the hilt of the sword hard down against the trunk several times he was able to rouse them .
his brow remained furrowed , but he tossed the rock into a trunk .
` ` they tripped on our trunks , '' hissed logan smiling .
* * * loc hit the ground and flipped violently , finally stopping against the trunk of a large tree .
he found a nice sized tree in the meadow , crested upon a hill , and he leaned back against its trunk for support .
the tree trunk itself looked like several giant trees wrapping together and forming one , but it was in fact a single , solid trunk at least five acres in all .
the tree trunk itself looked like several giant trees wrapping together and forming one , but it was in fact a single , solid trunk at least five acres in all .
once night took its turn in the sky , the wind had become chilled so they used the trunk of the tree to block most the breeze .
they were all butted against the tree trunk and alex started a small fire to further help keeping the chill off of the four of them .
the leaves shook and the trunk groaned .
the trunk of the tree began to bend down in their direction .
every fiber of the roots vibrated the ground and those they held as did the trunk , limbs and leaves .
very well , then the trees trunk groaned as it slowly tilted in their direction .
marlin , lily and alex had all sat their packs and belongings against the trees trunk .
alex grabbed his staff from the tree trunk and walked to shades side .
their arms could easily break him in half and their legs were solid tree trunks .
in the distance were two humanoid figures , leaning against the trunk of a pine .
there , frozen standing up and leaning against a large tree trunk , were the bodies of two grown men .
he had ridden scarcely ten yards when the woman and child from before were back in view , leaning against a different tree trunk .
limbs and trunks were invisible .
he jumped from his position and immediately ran and threw himself on the rear trunk of the limousine .
he spread his body onto the trunk , trying to use his body to provide , as much protection to the president , mrs . kennedy and the connallys as possible when the second shot rang out .
i had barely mounted the rear trunk when i heard a second firecracker type noise , but it had a different sound -- like the sound of shooting a revolver into something hard .
someone was stretched out on the trunk ... what was he trying to do ?
after his reverie against the tree , he got to his feet , discovered a squirrel hole about waist high in the trunk of the tree and hid his automatic pistol inside .
he could see agent hill climbing on the rear trunk .
i saw the president the moment the bullet struck him in the back , i saw secret service agent hill jump on the trunk .
he moved from his hiding place from behind the trunk of the tree .
large tree trunks circled the space , completely green with ivy and moss .
landon studied the trunk of a tree , running his hands over the fine lines of power that he could see but not feelit was only illusion , hetarth showing them what he could see .
hetarth added , leaning against a tree trunk .
by the trunk there was just enough room to sit up straight , and the needles on the outside brushed the ground , blocking the cold wind .
elaina crawled a little ways around the trunk of the pine before flopping on her side .
the column grew , no thicker than the trunk of a birch tree , she cast it high into the night .
tree trunks blocked every line of sight in a few paces , which did n't help his plan .
nothing moved among the tree trunks .
prologue winter , 3434 of the second aeon auhild slunk between the straight white trunks of the alders that lined the river .
tree trunks , chunks of wood , packing cases , barrels , bits of rope , evil lumps of tar , raw sewage and dead fish ; all the detritus of a voracious maritime trading nation the environmentalists are up in arms about .
it was midday but it felt like evening , another half - hour had passed when grandpa stopped and placed the bag on the ground , they both sat on a fallen tree trunk and ate a light lunch of grandmas sandwiches and a shared cup of chamomile tea .
.we must wait until the wind dies down and the bees are relaxed , when the leaves and branches stop moving , grandpa was pointing at an object half hanging from , half clinging to the underside of a branch which was part of a splay of almost horizontal trunk like branches of a very strange looking tree which leant out of the ground at a 400 angle .
moving toward the nest , not needing to climb much due to the accommodating angle of the trunk , never losing eye - contact with the nest .
coe stood , backed away from the tree , paused and then ran straight to the royal trunk and hugged it with all the might of his outstretched little arms .
a target of soft fern trunks had been set up ten paces away .
there was a great clamor of excitement and then a communal sigh as richard found his shot embedded in a tree trunk beyond the target .
as the gutted creatures were heaved aboard , richard saw that they did indeed look like large pigs and they had an elongated nose that could be mistaken for a short trunk and a strange tail .
he made his way over to the hatch in the floor and passed through into the main dorsal - ventral trunk .
the day he saw tommy he 'd clung like a gorilla against the high trunk of a seedless mulberry tree deep in the laguna sands condominium complex .
beef shifted his position to get behind the tree trunk in time to avoid a glance upward by tommy .
they could see how he hung by a climber 's belt from the trunk and clung to a branch above his head with one long arm while he sawed through a limb with the other hand .
the prince waited patiently as the girl tied him to the trunk , then sat down as she left to get firewood .
the prince whirled around , and saw that tomaz had thrown all of the defenders into a line against two adjacent oak trunks , and was binding them with lengths of their own clothing .
he strode forward , pulled his sword from the tree trunk with wrenching , bone - breaking power , and swung it around in an enormous arc where it sunk into the side of a tall redwood and stuck fast , quivering .
lightning and thunder crackled again , and the top of the tree was severed from the trunk and came crashing down nearly on top of them .
the pounding booms he had heard were the sounds of a massive ram , being applied to the outer gates by five enormous forms , each at least fifteen feet in height , covered in rocks and moss that had melded together to form a massive body with arms and legs made of entire living tree trunks .
when he looked up again , it was to see the tree trunk foot of the daemon descending toward his head .
except with the princes hand flew to his sword , and he drew it in a single flourishing move that caused it to bite deeply into the earth daemons tree trunk leg .
table of contents keepers of the western forest part 1 : the knight with the closed visor chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 part 2 : the phantom knight chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 part 3 : the axe chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 chapter 36 chapter 37 a letter from robert westwood to his grandson part 1 : the knight with the closed visor chapter 1 an arrow hissed through the forest glade and planted itselfthwack ! smack in the middle of the cross darin had daubed with clay on the trunk of a dead oak .
darin sat down on the mossy root of a big old oak and leaned his back against the wide tree - trunk .
more moss grew up the sides of gnarled and twisted tree trunks and hung in swathes from the lower boughs .
still leading dart , darin followed her to a tiny glade in the middle of which lay the trunk of a fallen oak tree , whose branches had long since been taken , no doubt to make a cheerful blaze in some cottagers hearth during the winter months .
darins arms were pulled around the tree behind him and his wrists bound together , then a cord was looped round his ankles and likewise tied to the trunk .
the body jerked forward onto the trunk of another car .
a shriek of pain echoes through the trees as the plant whips him back and forth through the air before launching him into a nearby tree trunk .
a mammoth , hollow tree trunk serves as a hallway of sorts , its moss covered bark glistening in the moonlight .
another massive tree trunk leads him left , and the song increases in volume .
several large , decaying tree trunks have entrances carved into them , but the potential of dangerous creatures inside is enough to quash rifts curiosity .
a large , hollowed tree trunk acts as a cylindrical hallway into the thick woods atop the hills .
straight through here , then left , she continues to instruct , the music swelling with every hollowed trunk they pass through .
traversing the final trunk , rift finds himself in a large clearing populated by children dressed in green .
massive tree trunks serve as homes , the large arches carved out serving as doorways to the wooden abodes .
circling the massive plant , he finds deep recessions in the trunk which resemble a face , the large arch entrance appearing to be a mouth frozen in a sad yawn .
taking a left at the intersection , link moves through an old , hollowed tree trunk and into a small clearing .
he concludes , aggressively pushing off the tree trunk and launching himself deeper into the woods .
with a carefree chuckle , the skull kid hops away from the chain and around the trunk before shoving this tree over just as the one before .
out of options , the skull kid thrusts both palms into the trunk just before link can reach him .
the winding path leading through the hollowed trunks and thick foliage is revealed as if the answer should have been obvious , and finally , ganondorf emerges into the sacred meadow the kokiri now call home .
you should nt be here , fado claims , sitting atop the hollow tree trunk the gerudo just emerged from .
link stamps a boot on the warlocks chest while hanging onto his hookshot as they smash into a thick tree trunk .
she picked a familiar path between the trunks , winding her way up the steep hillside .
it was then that she realised she did n't have a very good plan for how to get a heavily - laden trunk down a sheer cliff - face and into the cave .
the track was getting smaller and more overgrown by the day , winding between tree trunks into woodland so thick that only a little light filtered down between the branches .
eleanor spied a crack in a dead tree trunk , just wide enough for her to slip inside , but found she arrived there at the same moment as fred skidded across from the other side of the path .
surprised by his generosity , she squeezed through the gap and into the hollow of the trunk where the dead wood had rotted away to leave a comfortable amount of space .
moments later , though , a hand came towards her through the crack in the trunk .
eleanor followed him down , not wanting to stay where the same clear tracks would give away her position , and moved carefully through the trees until she found another suitable tree a trunk which was by no means an obvious climb , but well within her abilities , and with several places to hide in the canopy .
she was picking her way through some particularly thorny undergrowth when she rounded one large trunk and came upon mikhail .
at the end of the trail , the tokens were tucked within the hollow of a rotten tree trunk .
once she 'd found it , though , following the trail of blue fibres took her up a particularly gnarled tree trunk , and on to a tricky climb through the canopy , where she eventually came to a stack of tokens in an abandoned bird 's nest .
beth approached the lineup and the trunk of the front car popped open as if to greet her .
the scene was an old tree standing on hard barren rocks , to the left was blue water and through the trunk and branches you could see the sky .
i need you to make this conversation with sakura go well my friend , said beth looking at his elephant trunk .
the towering tree had enclosed the box , deep within its trunk .
sliding on my gas mask , i disappeared into the forest as a third bullet shattered part of a tree trunk and left a hole the size of an orange .
i edged out over the water further , my boots slipping more with each step , until the angle of the arm was so great i could wrap my arms around it like a tree trunk .
gil rounded the tank and stood at finchs side in front of the open trunk .
finch shouldered the bag and leaned into the trunk , pulling out a longsword and leaving the leather sheath behind .
ricky heard the hard nasal air expelling clearly this time along with what sounded like hooves stomping the ground or maybe something hitting the trunk of a tree .
ricky exclaimed as he reached down and grabbed a handful of what must have been many wheelbarrows of shells lying between the trunk roots of the enormous spruce tree .
ricky said standing beside a perfectly symmetrical cone of smooth red stones as the others rounded the massive trunk .
the girls hand was terrible shaking on the thick oak trunk , where she was hiding to lurk , finding the cruel truth about her father .
the fallen trunks like the fallen soldiers from the battle field , were tripping her to run further away , but still the girl do nt gave up that easily , jumping over them , and trying to keep distance from all the obstacle which came into the picture , crying without breathing .
the queen flower , how angell called the big one , was around the trunk tree , and on the tree , at his roots , grown 200 forget - me - not flowers .
with great effort bander pulled himself up using a tree trunk and slowly staggered up to the road .
they soon had a routine going , chippy cut out the gob , as he called it , that directed the fall of the tree , while the rest cleaned the trunks of side branches and dragged them away to the waters edge .
inside they had rigged one of the nishgas canvas awnings , suspending it from the tree trunks forming the roof .
he carefully cleared snow away from the firing slot in the pine trunks .
curious , felix walked tentatively to her side and peered up the trunk of the tower , looking for what she was seeing that he was nt .
her heart swooped like a released bird as she reached the tree trunk and wrapped her arms around it .
her body slammed into the next tree trunk and she felt the bark graze her cheek .
wolf eyes saw his refuge a big tree standing , with its hollow trunk facing south .
the hollow trunk was big enough for a man to stand inside of it .
the trunk of the tree would protect his backside .
the wolf stopped at the sight of wolf eyes , who stood motionless inside the big trunk .
the wolves started digging at the sides and the back of the trunk .
wolf eyes looked up and saw that the hollow went on up into the trunk a good ways .
wolf eyes sat down and leaned back against the tree trunk to rest for the night .
she climbed five feet up the trunk of the ficus bush , selected a very leafy branch and settled into eating .
he curled - up into a big eared ball of fur in the crook of a branch tree trunk and he immediately fell asleep .
daniel remained motionless with his back pressed against the tree trunk .
in many places the trail disappeared into matted brush and tree trunks and wild askew vines .
he was forced to balance on top of the tangled tree trunks upon the worn bottoms of his shoes .
he had climbed several feet up a dying orange tree and braced his back against the trunk where the branches formed a platform .
and from his safe place behind the tree trunk he heard the mans stomach growl the hungry sound so he knew his friends were in serious trouble .
on the way the elephants sucked a huge quantity of water into their trunks from a small stream and made straight for the turks who were literally rooted to the spot in amazement .
the angel touched the trunk of the tree lightly and the cups immediately filled with a sparkling beverage , shot through with the tiniest multi - coloured sparkles of fire .
the starship landed effortlessly in front of a huge , round tree with a trunk that was immeasurably broad .
their trunks were encased by soft and tender branches that hung down loosely at their sides like arms .
the pillars to the roof were tree trunks carved in the likeness of men standing on other mens shoulders .
the trench was carefully sited no farther from the central trunk than the reach of the branches .
there were years when some of the other kinds of bark - eating insects needed only a few nibbles before tumbling from the trunk to the ground .
the slope was gentle for the most part , with only an occasional steep bench that forced them to pitch downward from tree trunk to tree trunk .
the slope was gentle for the most part , with only an occasional steep bench that forced them to pitch downward from tree trunk to tree trunk .
gan trimmed the last branches from the trunk , carrying it to the shelter site .
the pack leader was a huge , ugly brute with a savage head and a trunk incongruously covered with fluffy hair that flowed back in the slipstream .
he climbed up the trunk of the tree , used a vine to cross to a taller tree and swiftly moved to the top of the canopy .
they strolled along the verdant bed of grass towards the stream , then in the distance there was a rustling in the trees and a girl made of pure green grass scurried back into , what seemed to be , a tree trunk .
they reached the fire and they all started taking seats around it , perching on old trunks of dark tress , a typical campfire setting .
the sphere fogged up with clouds , a mesmerizing mess of grey and white that dissolved ever so gently to reveal a cobbled passageway , lined with green trees that housed small faces in their trunks .
it was a giant of a tree with a thick , three metre trunk and huge bulky branches .
he grasped at the rigid tree trunk that he hid behind , and peered around the side .
suddenly , the branch above him snapped from its trunk and fell towards the ground .
millions of grotty , razor - sharp teeth lined the top and bottom of their mouths , mossy green saliva dribbling down their trunks .
as soon as she touched the trunk , the little nymph smiled joyfully and closed her eyes .
far below , mirai kishida watched the last traces of silver light disappear into the empty sky , waiting beneath the boughs of a massive oak tree -- back reclined against the protective trunk and her eyes half - closed , relying on senses other than deceptive sight to see her through the chaotic night .
clint rigged a block and tackle , using a scrub oak trunk as an anchor and a few spanish words to instruct some of the men from other groups .
as ramn walked away , another man leaned on the top rail of the corral , his shoulders ax - handle wide and his belly widerand all supported by thighs the size of oak trunks , his features were broad and full , his ample head of hair black as coal , and his skin bean - brown , but he was not a mexican .
she glanced over at the mule , who was scratching his flank against the tree trunk .
kendril slung his rifle off his shoulder and aimed it towards the road , steadying it against the trunk of a nearby tree .
he stopped by the twisted trunk of a tree .
maklavir and joseph had managed to get kendril down off the horse and had leaned him up against the rough bark of the tree trunk .
we charged off toward it , darting around tree trunks .
some piece of indistinguishable flesh lying mangled against a tree trunk .
the creature came slowly between the trunks , a thick shadow of black fur and pointed ears .
three wolves strolled out from behind tree trunks , cutting off our exit while the others closed in from behind .
he growled as my bolt sank into the tree trunk behind him .
the auburn wolf charged between them , sprinting madly at the tree trunk where my bolt had embedded itself .
he struck that trunk and sprang from it , launching himself at me like a flying nightmare , his jaws wide .
branches creaking and making me feel more and more scared , feet was shivering as i got down from the vehicle , squirrels chattering , leaves rustling , wind whistling around trunks disturbing the leaves , i was already half way frozen to death ..
his legs are like tree trunks .
she was trained to hold her emotions in , not to blubber against tree trunks .
the great beast walked with a swaying motion , swinging its trunk from side to side while a man wearing a turban sat astride its neck and seemed to steer it by poking one big ear or the other .
the trees are tall and the trunk as big around as a man .
before becoming off balance he slightly swung and jumped till he grasped the next tree and hugged its trunk .
with the swelling reduced , he picked up his walking aids , but not before creating a survivors coal transporter by using a large mushroom growing on the bark of a tree trunk to allow the ember to continue smoldering while he moved .
even his lower back was able to make trunk support much more easier .
the rock made a thump , imbedding itself several inches into the trunk , exactly in the center he carved .
cage had flipped one of the uncut tree trunks that were round enough to encircle ones arms and touch hands , but only just .
it gained an irritated look before the eye vanished and what looked like an ivory claw at thick as a pine trees trunk appeared .
not wishing to wake her , he d rested against the soft trunk for a while and drifted off too .
tree trunks had become mouldy and twisted , allowing strange , sinister shadows to form amongst the knots .
their trunks stretched smooth all the way to the sky , forming a canopy of leaves high above .
his long , thick , tree trunk legs gave him an unfair advantage over a slight youngster like me .
a baby squirrel tried climbing the frozen trunk of roses fine olive tree .
at the foot of said bank stood thin trees , whose trunks grew crooked and twisted .
jesse flinched as he stubbed his toe on a rock on the way to his trunk , and kept moving .
she scrunched and extended her body , inching her way up the trunk .
through the window , tree trunks zoomed by as they raced toward the other side of the pass .
their crotchesyou know where the trunk splits into two branchesare just the right height .
she spun , fell , and hit the side of the cars trunk .
he could n't see any road signs , just tree trunks flying past and disappearing back into the darkness .
then he walked away from the bounty hunter and stepped behind the solid trunk of a big cottonwood .
the centrepiece of the verandah is a great coffee table , made from a section cut through the trunk of a baobab tree and then polished and varnished until it shone .
the spear had gone right through the body , pinning it to the tree trunk which had provided inadequate shelter .
they were beautiful though , their pale trunks rising straight and true and topped by the blue - green canopy , which gives them their name .
suddenly the natives slowed their pursuit as a grove of trees came into view : an odd - shaped cluster of thickly clumped trunks enclosing the area like a box , while slabs of rock formed an opening beneath two crossed branches , vaguely reminiscent of antenna ears .
mel grabbed a stick and thumped the nearest trunk .
and then one of the hardest wallops he 'd ever felt sent him sailing toward the trunk of a tree .
it looked like a cross between the trunk of a ponderosa pine and a sequoia cactus .
the trunk jutted outward at an angle , perhaps 45 degrees .
the trunk gave way little by little until , to my amazement , the dry roots split and cracked , and the tree came plummeting down , faster , i m sure , than freddy had anticipated .
the arachnids bulbous bodies were midnight - black , and coarse hair sprouted over every inch , including eight legs of deadly strength , strong enough to crush a tree trunk .
two tree trunk - like arms struck nixs back and sent him to the ground .
it had two eyes on its face , two at the top of its forehead and one on its chin and it held a tree trunk like a club .
on the tree trunk sat a lien ; it looked at dylan , straight in the eyes and then turned and jumped into the forest .
the beast flew back up into the air and soared headfirst into a tree trunk some six feet away .
she ran to the nearest tree and scrambled up its trunk .
he had climbed about eight feet up the trunk when ... ` ` andrew look out ! ! ''
andrew slid down the trunk , hands grasping for purchase on the smooth bark in vain .
the teens made themselves as comfortable as possible in the thick branches , while the angry wolf - dogs pawed at the trunk below .
it tapered off , and grew narrower and narrower the farther away from the trunk he went .
he was finally at the goal , when andrew realized that he had no means of carrying the oversized diamonds back to the trunk of the tree , when swinging itself would require both his hands .
when he deemed they had enough of the fruit for his plan , andrew swung back along the branch towards the tree trunk .
they made their way carefully back to the trunk , where katy had formed a large pile of the fruit .
a terrifying creature could be hiding behind the next tree trunk . ''
` ` although if the tree trunks would also be green , that might create an imbalance in the light , with green being too dominant . ''
the site area was stripped bare of living reeds , with the only green coming from some older trees surviving around the edges of the marsh and some near the river , loblolly pines and oaks , the pines covered with rough bark on tall and slender trunks .
along the brush and tree trunks at the rivers edge , there was movement , flashes of orange and black against the bright glare .
stunned and disoriented , he watched the tiny rocks and sand tumble down the steep slope , past the trunk of a twisted , thorny tree until they fell into an abyss .
the painting seemed to have recreated itself into a growing ageing body adding colors and nuances to its branches and darkening the trunk with such magnitude one would expect to see it push its branches out of the frame and drop leaves to the ground .
alarmed , she plunged forward into the forest , the high , closely packed trunks immediately filtering the sunlight and swathing her in shadow .
in fact , it was more of an alcove than an actual cave , a tight hollow beneath the overhanging cliff face , enclosed from behind by the curving rock and , at the front , by a contorted wall of tangled tree trunks .
taking a firm grip on the haft of the javelin , she pushed herself off the trunk of the tree with her free hand , using the gradient and the slippery grass to slide quietly down the slope .
curious , she pushed her way through the last of the scrub and twisted tree trunks to join him .
another slow , careful crawl brought her to within spitting distance of the lip of the depression but , spotting a fallen tree off to one side , she began to manoeuvre herself towards it , intending to use the trunk as cover when looking down into the hollow .
easing in beside it , she lay with her face pressed against the trunk , her cheek stinging from the touch of the ice - coated bark .
craning her neck forwards and around the side of the tree trunk , she cast a quick glance into the hollow , withdrawing back into cover in a smooth movement .
it had a massive trunk , but appeared stunted , with numerous boughs and branches growing out over the valley .
a singular creature crawled around the trunk and came to rest above the stair exit , facing down .
it then turned to face up the trunk and scampered out of sight around the bole .
ivy climbed their trunks and spread out over their long branches .
tahir hugged the tree and scooted up the trunk to the succulent fruit .
tahir tossed the stick and jumped onto the tree , kicking off the trunk to grab the rope .
i watched him lean against the trunk of the tree - he is twenty - nine , older than the rest of us .
i can see the night outside - the dull , grey cast from the light of a cloud - soaked moon on the wet , wet bark of a tall pine tree , chalking one side of the tree white against the black of night , as drops of silver rain slide down the branches and the trunk of the tree , riding the ridges of its rough bark , and as it rises and rises - this tree that pines - against the slope of the mountain , straight as an arrow , its grey - green branches and its green - green leaves explode against the storm - grey of the storm clouds like a roman candle , shearing the vision - thunder !
the earth is bare around the radius of its trunk , as if it can not sustain any other life form apart from this enormous tree .
as the heroes stumbled to their feet , the beast began hastily climbing down the tree trunk .
it plunged into the tree trunk , hitting just above the beasts head .
it was an elephant 's trunk !
cordelia stepped up and gently peeled the trunk loose .
matthew started to wave , but then , for some reason , he extended his hand to shake the elephant 's trunk , only to change his mind yet again .
when she only nodded toward the end of the elephant 's trunk , matthew shrugged and did as she had instructed .
they charged through the small tree cluster , with each towering trunk that was torn past it felt like another dark memory was ripped away .
under the cover of darkness they lurched up the steep hill to a tree line of towering trunks .
he mumbled something to arbicos but the young warlord could not understand his words ; instead he stopped by the trunk of an enormous tree and let his kinsman down to lay .
circling its ancient trunk arbicos followed the sight of arbephests sandaled feet ; he stepped out and gasped , lunging backwards .
the egyptian jungle was unforgiving to those without experience amidst its fertile trunks .
theleos dropped the male he carried and leapt desperately in efforts to take refuge behind a great trunk .
brad could easily hide next to its six foot diameter trunk where its lowest limbs were still fifteen feet above his head .
he cut diagonally across the yard to another part of the stonewall and stood next to the three foot thick trunk of a tall white pine .
his backrest had a trunk over four feet around void of any bark .
one cautious step at a time , he crept around the barrel - sized tree trunk and searched for the buck amongst the rocks and trees on the hogback to his right .
the buck made its move when brad stepped out of sight behind the narrow trunk of a smaller hemlock .
right away he found where the buck had stood between the trunks of two large oaks and blended into the rocks and trees around him .
the sugar maple 's 6 foot trunk was lying diagonally across the creek with its top partly down in the far side of the creek to form a dam of sorts partially obstructing the creek 's flow .
the water was forced to eddy around and under the rough barked trunk .
brad vaulted up onto the silver / gray trunk and stepped out over the water .
with his feet hanging over the swirling stream brad studied the turbulent water in the moonlight as it rolled out from under the tree where a line of silver and gold streaked foam formed along the far shore and against the tree 's partially submerged trunk .
the squirrel was cursing and threatening all kinds of violence from its safe perch 10 feet off the ground and just a short leap from the trunk of a massive maple that it called home .
he stood quietly and let his eyes wander across the trunks of the young trees which had taken root on the flat some forty or fifty years ago .
about a third of them were shiny , steely gray beech trunks .
simultaneously he heard claws tearing into the bark of a live tree and caught a glimpse of a yellowish gray streak going up and around the trunk of a foot thick oak .
brad slid his butt down against the pine 's trunk to sit on the limb he had been standing on .
the limb under him felt secure and big enough for him to put both feet across it sideways and lean his right shoulder on the tree 's trunk .
mia planned to buy him a sculpture of an elephant with a trunk over its head .
dropping to her knees at the trunk of an old , gnarled walnut , nicolette was very focused on the task at hand .
gradually , as though in slow motion , she stopped and ran her index finger slowly down a particular crease in the trunk , all the way to between the gnarled roots that sank into the ground at her knees .
placing her palm again on the trunk of the tree , her head snapped forward .
by now , dusk was fallen , and the firelight lit the stand of trees in an eery way , the gnarled trunks trussing the canopies like a legion of timbered warriors .
to her surprise however , the gaunt - faced grappler scrambled up the trunk with the agility of an animal born to climbing .
speaking of the devil ` ` hey dani , dale slung his tree trunk arm around my neck .
he used his tree trunk arms to pick both kate and me up in a simultaneous hug .
the rest of the black men open a trunk marked with a red cross and begin administering first aid .
it had a huge trunk with dense shrubs around the base .
the massive trunks of the gigantic water figs stood far apart , immense sentinels in the silence .
michael slid his back down the trunk of the big fig tree till he sat down flat , his butt in the dust .
as they approached the spot again he was sure he saw something half hidden behind the trunk of a big tree .
sasquatch had come to a stop next to the remaining trunk of a lead wood tree that had sustained a lightning strike some time in the past .
it raised one of its huge arms , took hold of the trunk , and tore off a thick branch more than a metre long and as thick as a man 's thigh .
it looked more like flotsam and tree trunks jammed in the rapids . ''
its limbs were thicker than tree trunks , and its hands were raptorialdeeply cleft with strong , sharply curved razor tips for talonsand could grasp a person easily .
the feet were similar to an elephants ; strong , thick trunks , but with separate , long , thick , ground pounding toes .
that damned mutt from the old girls placebut how - glancing up , he stared at the hedge that surrounded his property , tall and thick , an impenetrable mass of thorns , broken only by the occasional towering trunk of a tree .
spike stepped across to the trunk and patted it like an old friend .
spike shone his torch into the depths of the trunk .
she stared , in awe , at the blackened trunk , following it upwards with her eyes until it became one with the sky .
a few steps further on , spike halted , reached across and grasped two handles in the side of the trunk .
gently , spike lifted it clear of the trunk and laid it on his knees .
if only they could get to solomon straining her eyes , she peered through the swirling flakes for any sight of the old oak tree , taking some comfort in the fact that gullivan would nt be able to see them once they were inside the trunk .
it was right at the bottom of the trunk .
meatball pointed at several enormous trunks .
more horsetails came into view ; their long curled heads pushing upwards like luxurious bottlebrushes ; broad cycad fronds burst from ridged , hairy trunks , splaying outwards as they reached for the sun .
thick , stout tree trunks with bark that curled and split into sections created small reservoirs of water that teemed with life .
the purple was gradually giving way to a brilliant shade of gold , filling the entire pad , glowing like the sun in the darkness of the tree trunk .
inside , among the slippery tree trunks and saturated undergrowth , it was quiet , the silence broken only by the hum of insects .
in a last act of desperation , they launched themselves at the trunk and disappeared , one by one , into its depths .
i leaned against a dry tree trunk with bronwyn 's body pressed against mine , our warmth surprisingly good as the temperature plummeted through the night .
but seeing them move was like watching acrobats , and their giant clubs were swung with the ease i might swing a twigexcept each one was nearly as thick as a tree trunk .
although i could tell the trees were there , i could n't see even the speck of a single trunk , so thick were the crawling vines and the leaves that seemed to cover everything far from the path .
the trees towering around us pulsated with vines , though , and some of those veins now ripped free of the tree trunks to lash out at us like the lolling tongues of a hideous beast .
at that time , the tree trunk above sharines head got exploded , making a huge bang , and shattered the trunk into pieces spreading debris all over sharine and kevin .
at that time , the tree trunk above sharines head got exploded , making a huge bang , and shattered the trunk into pieces spreading debris all over sharine and kevin .
stein pushed the gun barrel inside and punched at the trees , with a low thumping sound , the skin of the tree trunk fell off .
she strolls around the woods to straighten broken trunks , replace nests on the branches of trees , mend the wings of butterflies , and clear the streams of fallen twigs and logs .
his eyes spied a hollowed out tree trunk .
with the wheels beneath it again , the sturdy vehicle bounced and skidded to a halt against the trunk of a gigantic fir tree .
` ` i guess you re right , '' harold replied and was about to follow his neighbour 's advice when sissy started barking and ran along the slip towards a large uprooted tree trunk .
j caught george by the collar and rammed his face against the trunk of the car .
young and robust , his tree trunk legs supported a broad two hundred and sixty pound torso stuffed into a college singlet .
she tripped by the trunk of the tree and fell on the ground .
tyler wobbled but managed to get to the high ground ; he grabbed the trunk of the tree and positioned himself .
ruba then peeled a section of bark off a rotting tree trunk that was lying nearby on the ground , went off and soon returned with a swarm of black ants on the bark .
leaning his back against the trunk , he tried to get comfortable and failed miserably .
once it was set and the fat from the rabbit began dripping into the fire , he relaxed against a tree trunk .
taking the meat to a nearby tree , he sat with his back against the trunk and proceeded to eat .
james relaxed against the trunk of a tree , and reveled in the peace and tranquility of the area .
placing it in the cup of his sling , he steadied himself against the trees trunk as best he could .
they were much too close to the trunk for his shot to be effective .
he froze for just a moment before dodging behind the trunk of a nearby tree .
he peered around the trunk and saw half a dozen goblin riders appear riding small ponies .
its trunk split and the upper branches fell towards the magic users .
upon striking the circular glow , the trunk of the tree broke in two at the point of impact .
then the kidog snarled and leaped at him as he was trying to pull forth the sword from the trunk .
farther up on the trunks , at a point where the torchlight faded away , the color looked to be bleached out altogether , not being much more than a pale white .
shadows produced by the torches created dark , ominous images amidst the trunks around them , fodder enough to fuel jaikus overactive imagination .
a demonic serpent turned out to be a fallen trunk .
the finely honed edge struck the trunk and bark went flying as it cleaved its way a solid six inches within the tree .
grabbing the branch high up toward the trunk , jaikus leaped up , tucked in his legs , and allowed his entire weight to drag on the branch .
jaikus knew that should he climb up the trunk far enough , his weight , coupled with the degree of the trees slant , would increase the pressure on the area hacked by reneeke , and thus , bring it down .
at ten , the trunk below gave off popping and cracking sounds .
almost there ... moving another two feet along the trunk , he hopped .
jaikus began making his way back along the trunk toward the shore , and the two torches still burning upon the ground .
he reclaimed the torches and climbed back up onto the trunk of the fallen tree where he began waving them about .
he merely found the trunk of an accommodating tree and leaned wearily against it .
before him was a great tree , its thick trunk and crown of spreading branches casting him in shade .
they settled themselves beneath the dark trunk , both boys with a great many questions to ask .
gripping the trunk , he began his ascent , climbing deftly from branch to branch .
going over to where tom sat leaning against the trunk of one of the beech trees , jack gave a moody look in dredger 's direction before whispering to his friend .
the thick trunk of an old , unidentifiable tree stood in his path .
tom sat against the tree trunk , but on the far side so that he could not see the grotesque spectacle above .
leaning his exhausted body against the sycamore 's sturdy trunk , jack tried to determine what his best course of action might be .
dredger watched as the four soldiers took up positions before massive trunks of trees ancient beyond reckoning .
there were many mysteries and many questions to be answered and these dominated his thoughts as he leaned against a thin tree , his back heavy against its lithe trunk .
beneath a tree of ice , kneeling by its thick white trunk , almost invisible .
he stood before the sparkling ice tree and marvelled at the way its clear white trunk glistened .
he came to a breathless halt beside the thick trunk of an old tree and rested against it .
before them , the black tree , branches brittle , its dead trunk scarred , began to change , bark stirring , texture and colour appearing to slowly alter .
they made themselves comfortable beneath a large elm , a huge tree that towered above the smaller ash and hawthorn that made up the coppice , and leaning heavily against the massive trunk jack stretched and yawned .
it was a white , clammy thing that undulated and coiled as it burrowed through the earth , its thick trunk oozing with a glutinous slime that dripped onto the ground and hissed like acid wherever it fell .
he could feel twinges of pain here and there in his body and he did his best to position himself as comfortably as possible against the smooth trunk .
he was forced to step on the base of the trees and hug the trunks like a squirrel .
his head was immediately severed from the powerful blow with his chest brutally savaged splattering his blood onto the trunks of nearby trees .
agent clint hill is seen jumping upon the trunk of the limousine yelling , go !
from the bridge they strung the wire to the little sliver of tree trunk that the atomic bomb had not completely obliterated ; in the meantime , little s jumped back aboard their boat and retrieved the docking pole .
* * * we walked in through the roller shutter door at the front , below the big wooden sign c.r.p fabrications that was made out of two different colours of wood ; dark for the oval background piece that looked like it was cut straight from a tree trunk , then a light pine colour for the letters themselves , all covered in a shiny varnish .
the one that grabbed a hold of charlies leg then got back up dizzily , not realizing it had fallen way behind , and ended up running into a tree trunk three feet away , knocking itself back out .
struck by another frigid blast of wind , she crooked her right arm to encircle the trunk of a dogwood tree .
the squirrel pranced from his perch , descending by circling the trunk of the red oak tree .
muel and i come upon an enormous tree trunk fallen years ago , its timber covered with lichen , the branches long since rotted away .
a moment later a forest sprite emerges from the other side of the trunk .
there s better grass on the other side of the trunk and through those two trees .
the boy was leaning on the trunk of a parked car and immediately recognized them both when they approached him .
tosti propped his elbow against the trunk and stared at him expectantly .
he stared in awe as it sank into the trunk of a distant tree .
gideon stammered , leaning into the tree trunk behind him .
he thrashed about from side to side but could not work himself free , and succeeded only in dislodging the trunk which started sliding , rolling downhill until with a crash it came to a halt across a shallow creek .
look with how many roots i hold onto the soil and how thick my trunk is , to hold up all my branches .
in places whole tree trunks barred the way .
those who sought a little more dignified way of proving themselves could join in a push - log contest , where a tree trunk was pushed by opposing teams , until one team was forced onto its knees and had to give up .
tusk dragged over a trunk of a young tree which he and cosh placed into the gap .
one particularly manly barbarian with arms the size of tree trunks smiles , revealing his rotten teeth , crawling with worms .
by six oclock the thick - armed lumberjacks were winding up their day , lying their axes against unfallen trunks in the forest to the west of the town .
jera grabbed a rectangular block of wood that protruded from the trunk and pulled herself up .
a pair of childrens chairs faced the tree trunk , flowers painted on the backrests .
she saw something written on the tree trunk , poking out from behind a large stained sheet of paper .
lady wythnos stood , her head swam and she had to place her hand on the tree trunk .
jera pressed her body against the tree trunk .
yeah baby , look at this monster petrified wood tree trunk the size of an oak tree .
most of the pictures are precious rock gems embedded between trunks of wood .
looks like plain old light brown trunk of a maple tree , the branches are used as fodder which is animal feed for agricultural foodstuff for cows , goats , sheep , horses , chickens and pigs .
ya know if i were a gold nugget i would bury myself into the mud away from the fishes and the engine rotors , passes a large tree trunk .
big tree trunk on left , watch for snakes .
cody shines the light working his flippers then speeds down a valley of upright tree trunks .
he shines the light between the trunks side to side for snakes then extends his wrist side to side looking for a metal object .
cody swims towards the valley of tree trunks as the snake charges the male .
cody drops his lips to speak when his helmet rams one of the tree trunks .
it looks like a plain old light brown trunk of a maple tree .
actually , amber comes from petrified resin inside the trunk of the tree , not like the inside lining of the ark .
it has a broad , grooved trunk that spreads out wide at the base except all the yellow cedar trees are dying or almost dead due to some type of root rot due to mans rooting and tooting interference with mother nature , fucner reads his mobile telephone .
naw , walks to the trunk .
the tree is over 200 feet tall with rotten branches and trunk spots for getting it cut down before brone does it .
okay , when i study the messy but accurate and sorta elevated green pile of leaves at each clock position then impose that invisible image upon the wide body trunk of grandmother cedar i see .
no hunter would ever accidentally stumble across her weathered trunk tree .
what about the thujone , the sap toxin leaking from her tree trunk ?
her trunk cracks and splinters from the intense heated metal on her old frail and brittle bark then tumbles backwards from the fallen bodies of cody and skipper .
islander frowns and fingers the busted tree trunk .
he leaned back against the trunk and took in a deep breath of the crisp morning air and lost himself in the tranquility of his surroundings .
high above the forest floor , he leaned against the trunk and let his senses take over .
the hunter leaned back on the tree trunk , stroked his newly acquired horn and was lost in the events that had transpired over the past few weeks .
willec flattened his palm against a trees trunk where the wrinkled bark pressed seams across his flesh .
a small cross made of twigs stood sturdily like its trunk was pinned into the slightly parched ground .
at a small stand of sycamore trees , part way down the clearing , the two indians peeled off , to edge into the shelter the trunks afforded .
johnnie eased in behind the trunk of a tree .
lead thwacked into the tree trunk in line with johnnies chest .
that one had dropped flat , and was firing at the flash of johnnies gun , only to hit the tree trunk which sheltered him .
johnnie rolled away , fired again at each of them , and rolled back to the tree trunk again .
thirteen as quietly and carefully as he could he eased further back into the trees , until there were several thick trunks between himself and the place where the two outlaws lay .
the place he found , while it was still dark under the trees , was between two stout hickory trunks , where a fallen limb gave him good cover from the front .
mary - lou stayed low , hugging the ground under her sloping tree trunk .
from a position in the trees , a couple of hundred yards downstream from johnnie , a rifle thumped , its sound deadened by the tree trunks .
akira slumped against the trunk of the oak tree .
the english word trunk is the front end of an elephant .
found her climbing out of the trunk of their camaro .
but larry would often tell us proudly of his first job in his late teens in alaska and then canada any chance he got traveling around with a railroad lumber mill operation where he was hired to hack away at huge tree trunks for twelve hours a day , for months at a time .
but no , i could never really picture it , larry huffing and puffing as he swung his ax over and over into some enormous cedar , wood chips flying wildly all around him , the trunk beginning to creak as it began fall no way .
the oar smacked against the trunk , breaking the small tree in half and knocking the boy off his balance .
the aspen and cottonwood trees drew back the green from their leaves and stored their nutrients in the trunks and roots , killing off their leaves and readying for the deep freeze .
in places , tree trunks and branches were laid across soft spots to give firm footing .
he wanted to sit down with his back against a trunk to protect him from being run over by a constant stream of people .
chaiko thus had his tree and he snuggled into it , easing his back into the curve of the trunk .
paul reacted instinctively , ducking behind the broad trunk of a plane tree .
as soon as his back touched the trunk of the tree he saw the magurs bony arm reach out from under her furs and winced as her index finger extended , as it had before , and he felt that sharp , almost painful pressure between his eyes .
how could he have lived 40 years around trees and never had an inkling that they were conscious , thinking beings , he thought , gazing at the tangled branches , the gnarled and twisted trunks with a new trembling respect .
and just as suddenly , he was back in his body , on his bicycle , wobbling from side to side erratically , the owl still visible through the tree trunks , swooping gracefully away into the night .
just ahead , an ancient walnut tree spread across the stream and grabbing onto the rough bark of an overhanging branch , paul swung himself up to stand , his back pressed against its trunk .
as the verbal request passed through his mind , paul felt that strange shift in energy take place and instead of being a scared , hunted man flattened against the trunk of a walnut tree he felt his identity start to fade and then vanish .
yet despite their proximity he felt no fear , just a clear , composed awareness as their eyes slid over his figure in the shadows against the walnut trunk and passed onwards .
they passed the ring of standing stones and entered the forest on a narrow trail which wound haphazardly around the mighty trunks of oak , ash , elm and beech trees , the ground at their feet soft with fallen leaf - mould and the air alive with the chatter of birdsong .
tiny , flitting shapes jumped from branch to branch and wrinkled , grotesque faces peered out from the crevices of tree trunks , yet as soon as he moved closer , intrigued , they resolved themselves into twisting roots , rotting branches or sticky clusters of fungus .
as he considered , squatting behind the wide trunk of a pine tree , he saw one of the gendarmes lift a radio from his belt .
the woods on this side were older and taller than those across the bridge behind him , with fewer side branches to impede his progress and as soon as he d recovered his breath , he set off , up the incline , struggling over the rough ground and through the tree trunks .
the large tree had a thick trunk wider than the vehicle titan .
afterwards they assaulted him , climbing up and down his massive frame like the trunk of a tree .
he scrambled to his feet , ducking behind the trunk of a palm tree as a bullet clipped it .
a few hours early , he rested his back against the trunk of a mountain cedar and fell asleep .
a large set of stairs spiraled around the trunk of the giant oak up to their new front doorway , beckoning them to run up as fast as they could .
a massive snake was spiraling up the trunk with ease , its clear aim the snack within the nest .
rolce said shaking , looking upward and gripping the trunk of the tree in a bear hug .
gisbo squirmed down the trunk a little bit , unable to finish his sentence .
it was carved from the trunk of an oak and purified for weeks in a special water mixed with particles of earth stones , then coated in a special steel mixture .
all the boys eyes wandered up to the tree branch and there , sprawled out along it , leaning against the trunk was ... that s me !
a yell pierced the air not entirely human and with immense strength he threw the wolf by its throat into a thick oak tree , shattering the trunk as the wolf died upon impact .
the landscape was barren save a few dead and leafless palm tree trunks ready to fall .
nil grabbed the pine trunk hard to restrain the trepidations of his heart .
the hill , about thousand feet in altitude , was very steep , but there were thick pinewoods all the way and they could climb up easily by holding the trunks and branches of the pines and taking rest whenever necessary .
they got close to the trunk of a large tree and tried to save themselves from the onslaught of the torrents of rain and eddies of chilly wind .
with the twigs of the pines and strong creepers and using the tree trunks as poles they started erecting three shanties one for nil , the second for doma and the small one as kitchen and store room .
soon they came upon a clear space with only the scattered burnt trunks of trees .
on their return they fortunately came upon a depressed spot from where they could keep watch on the causeway remaining under the cover of the burnt trunks guarding the front of the low land .
chapter 10 : the tantric 's cave the next day they came to their shanty at late noon and after tea , they proceeded for the hideout behind the burnt tree trunks .
from behind the tree trunk they watched the causeway to the temple for some time and there was no sign of anybody moving along .
it was now steeper and shorn of burnt tree trunks .
on the opposite side the rise of the plateau was also scattered with burnt trunks .
they reached the eastern end of the ground and guessed that they could reach their approach track by grabbing the burnt trunks of the trees .
they should come early and hide behind the slope behind the temple taking cover of the burnt trunks and shrubs .
the last part was a cluster of burnt tree trunks arranged in rows making a tunnel like opening .
some hit the trunk .
bullet holes , '' says bob pointing to an exposed section of the trunk .
jake came around the trunk of a large tree and saw her .
that they were spanish military operating in waters that were doubtless the proprietary concern of the british majesty ( we had some loyalty , sort of ) was sufficient cause to stretch their necks from trunk to treetop .
the trees were spaced quite far apart : thin trunks somehow carried wide , massive canopies which stretched out in each direction and entangled in their neighbours branches .
home sweet home the puppetmaster was talking to talia in hushed tones , seated atop the trunk of their car .
one of the big branches we talked about - one of the main realities that shoots off from the trunk of reality prime - is now under the control of mistress jane .
using the dark chi'karda of the thirteenth reality , mistress jane plans to sever the other branches from the trunk , if you will , destroying them entirely .
another yelp , this time more of a short scream , echoed off the towering trunks and leafy canopy .
three legs poked out of the main trunk ; its face was half - sunk into the wood , the one visible eye somehow displaying the fear it must have felt at the last second before death .
they formed letters out of the tree trunks .
it certainly was n't a natural phenomenon - especially considering the felled tree trunks spelled out words in massive letters .
he turned his head to see the first animal barrel around the wide trunk of the oak , slipping in the leaves as it tried to get its footing .
tick 's dad leapt off the couch , dropping his game controller onto the floor as he started doing a horrific dance , waving one arm about like an elephant 's trunk as he shimmied back and forth .
a massive tree trunk , gray but looking solid enough to smash a truck , came hurtling out of the core , end over end .
turning to expose their protruding nails , the pieces came together in a swarm , bound by an invisible force that shaped them into a column not unlike the tree trunk that spawned them .
i fumbled to retrieve the gun from the courier bag and slipped behind the trunk of a big cedar .
he waved me over to the trunk of his cadillac .
he raised his wings and buzzed off the branch , landing on a tree trunk across a swale .
the trunks of the surrounding maples were rough and corrugated by comparison .
it was then i noticed the miniature gardens of bright green moss growing in every juncture of trunk and limb .
i braced my legs and held the sword out straight in both arms , aiming the point at the center of the beechs trunk .
my eyes scanning the pine trees , their trunks wet and dark .
all that was evident of wendell was a bulge ten feet up the trunk of the still growing tree , leaves toothed , its bark smooth and graya beech .
branches splintered off of trunks and rose and twisted as they grew , competing with their neighbors for sunlight and rainwater .
columns bore up the roof and mezzanine of the inn , resembling the tree trunks from which they came , scattered across the room in clumps and alone , like the room was a misplaced forest glade .
occasionally they would scratch their names , initials , or words into the tree trunks .
basha woke up fully and rose , standing with his back against a tree trunk , now truly convinced that this was nt a nightmare .
made out of huge rounds of pine trunk , it had been built to last .
hanging off a branch , several meters from the ground , he turned around , bringing his legs up and around the trunk to steady himself .
though it was hard to see , it would nt be in a moment ; he lofted the gun , depressed his finger on the trigger and watched that continuous pulse of light sear through the trees , blasting off the branches and chunks of trunk in his view .
the eastern and western lands were green boughs hanging low , while the ' pillars ' ran up the middle along the gavl river to form the all - supporting trunk .
without a sound she leaped out of sight and hid her invisible body behind the trunk of a tree .
lo walked over to where elly was standing and held onto the trunk of the tiny tree .
he rubbed the skinny little trunk slowly between his fingertips , and the fruit began to turn a pale golden yellow , then a bright golden orange .
subin shook his head in disbelief and gratitude , like he always did when lo would bring the mans figs to fruition , or rub the trunks of his olive trees , making sure his crop would be up to par , regardless of the drought .
once lo began to feel the sensation he 'd forgotten about entirely in theory , but was positive he 'd recognize in practice , he loosened his grip and started to rub antoine 's damaged hand softly between his thumb and forefingers , like the trunk of elly 's little orange tree .
he signaled again and everyone hid behind the trees , peering around their jagged trunks , eager to see but not be seen .
she trembled as she leaned against a spongy trunk of a canopy tree , the tangy scent of the trees oblong white fruit teasing her nostrils .
these trees , dorian gestured with his hands and everyone gazed up at the umbrellas of the canopy trees , have weathered centuries of terrible windstorms and other hardships because their trunks are soft and flexible , and their roots run deep .
keebo studied her , then suddenly ran up the trunk of a tree and snatched something from a branch .
an old , dark , gnarled trunk twisted upward , supporting a strange congregation of branches .
at the base of the trunk , young shoots curled around the old tree and broken limb as if to support and protect them .
birch trees covered the lower part of the great rock , their white trunks gleaming in the sun .
she longed for keebos presence as she frantically searched the thousands of pine trunks that surrounded them .
song placed the robe against a tree trunk .
echo gasped as the trunk rippled like water and then swallowed the robe .
as they walked , song described the many methods her race used to care for the trees , from their root systems to removing harmful bacteria from their trunks .
they found an old tree which had a yellow spot on one side of its trunk .
echo watched as song whispered to the tree and then moved her hand over the trunk .
finally , she touched the undamaged part of the trunk and spoke strange , soft words and then turned toward echo and shimmer .
echo yelled in pain as her spine smashed against the rock - hard trunk .
the trunk rippled and keebos hand sank into the bark .
she slammed against the inside of the trunk , brutally bouncing back and forth several times before the tree spat her out .
she watched , amazed , as the trees trunk rippled and keebo appeared .
keebo leaned against one of the spongy canopy trunks , munching an apple and looking thoughtfully at the mesh of branches stretched over him .
he appeared quickly through a canopy trunk , grabbed another apple , and then vanished again .
he stood with his forehead pressed against one of the canopys spongy trunks as he caressed the soft bark .
rushing rivers swelled at their banks , submerging the trunks of trees .
braulor fell for it and closed the distance between them , swinging the staff again ; a sidelong strike with both hands like he was swinging an axe at a tree trunk .
' ah , a curse has been lifted ' , she thought while resting against the trunk of the willow .
the last to remain , the druid 's broken trunk , finally faded out of the verden realm .
the shape of the lore tree was reminiscent of the verden olive variety with its contoured , thick trunk and gnarled limbs , but with an immensity that was comparable to verden sequoias .
with another almighty snapping sound , the whole trunk sliced in two and the rest of the branches fell over with a groan .
as he ducked behind the trunk of a large pine , he heard the sound of footsteps retreating into the woods and rose to pursue .
his neck was as thick as a tree trunk .
stapled on a tree trunk was a white piece of paper , standing out in the pseudo - dark .
drifting down to the far end , a light brown trunk , patterned with white african animals and palm trees , sat on the back wall .
he looked up and it was as if the trunk shot away from him and he remained in place , until his legs preceded his body in a downward arc .
even in the dark , they could now see the unmistakable figure of the big cat perched on the trunk .
donny found temporary safety sitting against a trunk of a nearby tree while he looked at the burn mark on his stomach .
unable to tell if anyone was actually shooting his direction , chris rolled over to his belly and crawled to the trunk of one of the redwoods that made up the ring .
the fire began to die down and chris was able to peak his head around the trunk , looking for signs of their attacker .
the large purple beast clung to the tree 's trunk with its large claws dug deep into the bark .
he moved to the very edge of the treeline and remained hidden behind the trunk of a large oak .
smythe relaxed against the trunk of a tree sipping a cup of hot tea .
in one deft motion leo lunged with his dagger and cut down two of the small beasts and kicked the third into the trunk of a tree .
the trees were not tall but were wide at their trunks , giving them a stumpy appearance .
the marble shot through the air and struck the tree trunk dead - center .
a piece of bark chipped off of the trunk .
dried up branches and sticks littered the surrounding dirt and only a bare trunk protruded about three meters from the ground .
he sighted past the arrow and locked onto the center of the tree trunk .
it plunged dead - center into the trunk .
five arrows formed a small ring in the center of the trunk .
soon she will have to select one of the trunks to expose to elevated carbon dioxide , mimicking ocean acidification .
pivoting on the balls of her feet , she steadies herself , backing up against the firm trunk .
numerous branches twist and turn , providing steady footholds that guide serena up the massive trunk , easing her higher into the sky .
she lands hard in the next tree , gripping the trunk so she does n't fall .
she backs up to the trunk , bends her knees slightly , and runs with sure , steady steps .
this time the waves appear between the trunks of the trees .
after a short , steady jog , she climbs atop a rock , using it to jump onto a fallen tree trunk .
sprinting , serena follows the incline of the trunk , leaping off the end to take to the trees where the wolves wo n't follow .
she stops before she reaches the weaker branches , settling into an especially large crook where branch meets trunk .
she has seen too many ungainlies scale redwood trunks with spikes in their shoes , a trail of bleeding holes left in their wake .
moving up the trunk , she wiggles the stems in between cracks in the bark .
finished , serena rests her head back against the trunk , still blinking away sleep .
serena rests the trident against the trunk of the tree .
serena leaps higher into the next tree and finds a solid crook where branch meets trunk .
behind her , murphy throws a wolf off him , directly into the trunk of her tree .
brian sat on the cooler sand beneath the shade of a palm tree , leaned back against the trunk and started to roll a joint .
his head bashed the trunk and he slumped to the ground .
he had gripped its slender trunk and spun around it at play .
he nodded then thought better of it and reached out to brace himself on one of the white trunks .
tethina picked up a stick and tapped quickly on a nearby trunk .
the trunk of a tree was standing in the water , and he had hit it full on .
the tree trunk ran all the way to the bank a dozen or more paces away .
the trees and bushes all looked the same , and he could not see more than twenty feet in any direction through the tree trunks that surrounded them .
she leapt across the overgrown roots of one mammoth cedar to the fallen trunk of another then walked up its expanse to avoid the brush that was slowly consuming it .
she watched the stream running by through the bare trunks of the pines , heard the rush of a falls , drew in the rich smells of the forest , and relished being home .
from there she climbed down to another , following it to its trunk where more stretched out like streets from a roundabout .
with another groan , dasen leaned back against the trunk of the tree .
the spreading branches of the deciduous trees left great expanses of empty ground between their mighty trunks .
a hand held his stomach while the other found whatever branch or tree trunk was available to steady his stride .
he smiled back at her as he eased himself to sit on the trunk of a fallen tree .
dasen could only see the barest outline of a man standing behind one of the trunks as he brought another arrow carefully to his bow .
the move was so sudden and unexpected that dasen lost his balance , and teth allowed him to crumple to the ground behind the broad trunk of a beech tree .
moving to his knees , he joined her , peering around the other side of the trunk .
but there was nothing but widely spaced trees with broad trunks and great , broad canopies .
the forest had become entirely deciduous with big widely spaced trunks surrounded by tall grass .
her feet drummed against the trunk of the tree .
wrens crossbow speared a fat squirrel through the torso and pinned it , wriggling , to the tree trunk .
wren landed in a thick maple tree , and nolan slammed heavily into the smooth trunk .
he braced himself against the trunk with one hand and drew his crossbow with the other .
the horror now had several tentacles wrapped around the trunk of the tree , and they were sliding up toward them .
they still hung onto the trunk with single - minded tenacity , and nolan thought he saw one squirm upward a trifle .
all four of the female gryphon 's limbs slammed into the tree trunk to wrens left and right , pinning him with her body .
the trees he spoke of formed a neat circle , thick vines dangling from the trunks .
but here , the trees were darker , more depressing , leaves frayed but strong , trunks thick and firm and yet to be stripped of bark .
stepping over a fallen log , whisper touched the trunk of a wide , gooey tree with her fingertips .
black bark lined the trunks with branches that arced out across the sky , leaves seeping the tar - like substance .
standing as high as the tallest tree , with a torso as round as the widest trunk , the ustahli loomed over whisper , staring down with watery gray eyes and a mouth of jagged teeth .
his heart lurches into his throat when a low feminine moan emanates from beneath the fallen tree trunks .
the other man reaches the pile and falls to his knees to peer within the scramble of trunks .
branches batter maru and his head cracks against a massive trunk .
he presses his back against the trunk , then slides down to settle against the base .
just in time , we pull up and coast over a sea of thorns as big as tree trunks .
on this particular night , all was silent in the barrier mountain ranges except the natural sounds of the forestthe creaking of the trees as the changes in temperature added stress to their trunks and leafless branches .
jason watched the arrow sail past the trunk of the tree that could nt have been more than twenty - five yards away .
by the time evening had come , jason brantons shoulders were sore , but he was proud to say he had finally sunk an arrow into the trunk of the tree .
it glowed a little brighter , its light reflecting on the trunks of the surrounding trees and leaves .
he sat before the flames absorbing their heat for nearly an hour before talon reappeared with a long straight sapling trunk .
he had been hiding there , pressed against the trunk of a conifer for what seemed an eternity , though he knew it could not have been more than an hour at most .
he stopped under the branches of a tall snow laden fir , placing a hand on the cold and moist bark trunk of the tree to steady himself as he rested .
he felt the dampness of the mist against his face , the cold chill of the wind flickering through the dead trunks .
the tree nearest to the little glowing pile of feathers had a massive trunk .
even i could not quite reach all the way around the massive trunk .
i heard the creak as an arrow was drawn back on the string and the knock of a spear - butt against a tree trunk and the soft , involuntary damn that went with it .
time seemed to slow like resin dripping down a tree trunk .
she sat heavily on a fallen trunk .
they littered the ground , congregating around fallen tree trunks and surrounding foliage , camouflaging the land in orange and yellow .
his arm brushed my cheek as he reached past my head and rested his palm on the tree trunk centimeters from my head .
drawing himself in even closer , he pressed me tighter against the trunk .
i inhaled and stood unmoving against the trunk , exactly like he told me .
once when ye killed marianna , he pushed jeff back hard against a palm tree , his head rebounding off its trunk and the blade of jakes cutlass slammed into the tree beside jeffs neck .
as she drew closer , she saw the shapes of two , perhaps more , men shifting about in the dim light of a cellphone wedged in the crook of a tree trunk .
the horse portion of his body stood as tall as a man , the largest horse she 'd ever seen , and the man portion , the trunk of which replaced the horse 's neck , was much larger than any man 's , with well - muscled arms , broad shoulders , and a neck as thick as most men 's waists .
he could crush tree trunks with his bare hands , fight a dragon on land to a standstill and could ve easily ruled over all if he had the desire .
the ogre held his club , a six foot piece of tree trunk , able to deliver death with smashing velocity .
he had deep lines in his forehead , black curly hair , and arms like tree trunks .
eben watched as red walked to the edge of the gully and sat on a fallen tree trunk .
the black warrior dangled above the deck , supported by what seemed a dark pliant tree trunk arching over the rail .
conan rushed into the bows , and swinging his great sword , hewed nearly through the giant trunk , which was thicker than a mans body .
it was truly massive and reached for a club , which was in reality the trunk of a tree , the base of which was worn smooth , no doubt from incalculable usage .
he sat and leaned against the familiar , wide tree trunk to once more smooth out the clubs handle .
the crawler , at least as tall as a man and with thick limbs like tree trunks , was hunched over .
the yellow light of the flickering fire licked at the trunks on either side of them as they peered out .
then cried out thord wall - eye that they should go betwixt head and trunk of all the sons of thorbrand , but steinthor said he had no will to bear weapons on men who lay alow .
but when thorods neck grew together his head sat somewhat drawn backwards on his trunk , and he said that snorri would heal him into a maimed man .
with dismay he realised he was stuck to the trunk of the tree behind him .
the demon , now clinging to the trunk of a tree twenty meters off the ground , glared down , its head turned at an impossible angle .
the demon changed direction , kicked off a tree trunk with both feet and went flying into the air .
as they wandered through the swamp they could see the blackened trunks of sickly trees probing up through the mist .
mr . elf leaned against the trunk of the tree and took several deep breaths to recover from the exertion of the flight .
waiting nervously by the black trunk of a twisted tree , mr . elf looked up hopefully as he heard the dragon wings flapping high above him in the mist .
the man stared ahead , as if moving his eyes from the tree trunk would damn him upon death .
it then proceed to hump the somehow reconstituted car , its giant elephant penis hard as a tree trunk .
their trunks , their roots , buried in the earth , led the eyes downward , to the substance of the planet itself , its life - giving mass , its structural gravity , holding the sky in place .
they had not penetrated far beyond the first few ranks of trees before the trail diverged into numerous branches , into a labyrinth of sorts , where the trails wound round the tree trunks in a confusing maze of pathways .
homes had been constructed around the trunks with tree branches radiating out through the walls that had been built around them .
the trunk of the tree , however , exerted its own rigidity , resisting the pull of gravity on its branch .
closer to the trunk of the tree , he maneuvered through limbs where they jutted out from the main body of the tree closer together .
there was only the howling of an unnatural wind , which tore the creature off of isabel , and flung it some fifty yards away , where it careened into a solid tree trunk .
arpan said this as he eyed isabels shot in the tree trunk .
in the trunk of his car was a mossberg pump shotgun .
he wore tight jeans , and each of his legs was like the trunk of a medium - sized tree .
he found a place to hang his sack of junk ( the archives ) , propped his feet against the trunk , reclined upon a limb , and there he lay in perfect comfort till the break of day .
birches young and old sent up their long trunks in thick stands on every side ; where their branches crossed in the whitish sky todd saw a bearded man , with cavernous brown eyes and skin that was wrinkled by their thin twigs .
with its corkscrew trunk and the snaking vines that wrapped around it , he found it to be an easy climb .
he maneuvered around the side of the trunk , circling it , searching for an opening .
he clung to the trunk , pondering his next move .
glancing back , he saw that the gap was actually a hole in the trunk of a sizable rotting tree .
one gripped the trunk of a tree and snapped it in two .
then the entire tree bent toward her , its trunk cracking and creaking , all of its branches angling down , clawing at her .
the dust had cleared enough for her to see the two warriors shielding themselves from the thrashing of the trolls long tree trunk arms , swinging like limp maces in the hands of a drunken knight .
edon stared down at the poplar , and a moment later its trunk exploded into shards .
she nodded , lifted her end of the trunk , and took a step forward .
i had nt expected them to come so quickly , and i found myself stepping back , hiding behind the trunk of a tree .
my arm throbbed , a warning cry , and i gritted my teeth , head resting against the trunk of the tree as i tried to swallow down rising nausea .
the trunks of the trees around us exploded with gunfire , the bark ricocheting through the air .
his teeth , made of bone , were the size of tree trunks and the earth was left dead and rotting beneath his paws .
his powerful legs , which looked like tree trunks , were equally as muscular , and his feet were shod with heavy leather sandals , having cords that wrapped up around his legs from the ankles to his knees .
on this side of the valley there was a good sprinkling of large terebinth trees spreading their large and low hanging bowers out far from the trunks .
at last he approached the tree and walked around it on the path that circled its trunk to see that , indeed , the bench was empty .
the extruding muscles of both his legs and arms were like coiled metal and those of his trunk , dense and potent .
the trunk did nt even move .
i ignored kurt , who made a rude gesture at me from behind the trunk and made no move to join us .
i heard a screeching noise and turned to see wolfe dig his claws into the trunk .
wolfes hands fell free of the trunk , but he kept running behind us , still watching me .
i reached the tree line and kept moving , trusting my reflexes to keep me from getting clotheslined by a low - hanging branch or plowing into a tree trunk .
it slammed into a tree trunk and i lunged , foot extended in a running jump sidekick .
i could smell the fresh air , feel the sun on the back of my neck as i ran , dodging past the trunks of trees and hearing the whoosh of the little nets she was sending my way .
she peeked out from around the trunk of the maple she hid behind and did not see anyone .
now , a short while later , anyx was seated upon an upturned log , casually surveying the scene before him ; the elephant was gently scratching herself against the trunk of the great elm , whilst the pile of rags and the man were stood facing robin 's questions .
annabel slowly sunk deeper into the marsh , until she was almost completely submerged , leaving only the prehensile tip of her trunk showing above the green , foetid waters , allowing her to breathe but rendering her practically invisible .
the trunk had been cut almost completely through and only a huge wedge in the gash prevented the tree from toppling over .
he took one last glance at the boggart before taking aim at a point halfway up the trunk .
ron and lott immediately yanked on the rope and , at exactly the same time , the doctor appeared from behind the tree and hammered the wedge out of the trunk .
this is n't natural , she suddenly thought , as she clasped her ears close against her body , curled her trunk up under her , and lumbered onwards .
with the finger - like extension at the end of her trunk she gently felt for anything within the arc of her dextrous proboscis and , after a moment , at the extreme limit of her reach , she felt something like the edge of a thin branch .
his body seemed to be fairly well wedged in with his midriff folded across a large fork in the trunk of the tree .
furthermore she could see that the branch she had originally grasped hold of was a mere thin off - shoot , but only three feet to the right the trunk grew on up past her , and was a good six inches thick at her head height .
we 'll leave a message in the hope that- ' at that moment there was a tremendous commotion in the trees , the sound of trunks being uprooted and branches being smashed and scattered .
towering trees stood thick gnarly trunk to thick gnarly trunk and it was heavy going .
towering trees stood thick gnarly trunk to thick gnarly trunk and it was heavy going .
its long nose stretched out like a trunk and sniffed the ground energetically .
its trunk sniffed the robots leg tentatively , and made its way upwards .
the animals mouth was hidden under the huge girth of its trunk , but its voice was clear and it spoke almost perfect english .
oh , that way , said cor , pointing his trunk north .
under his trunk , cor smiled brightly .
i could feel the trunk pressing down towards me as if it would crush me at any moment .
when he was sure they had all gone from the area , he cautiously approached the woman , who now sat , defeated , before the trunk of a large tree .
the brothers ran to a small pale bundle glowing in the moonlight and found the little girl curled up half - inside the trunk of a large oak .
but the doors were like the forbidding entrance to a fortress , wrought of thick iron , the trunks of great trees .
he asked , grasping the trunk and trying to climb it .
oaka trembled , as he slid down the trunk .
she would be there upon his return , hiding behind some great dark trunk , her pale skin gleaming ghost - like in the woods perpetual twilight .
a pale hand was outstretched to either trunk and her dark tangled hair was full of green and gold leaves .
he leaned against a black trunk , and waited to come back to himself .
it was surrounded by trees , their trunks growing so close to each other that they were almost like walls .
the wood was abnormally still ; blacker spaces than usual seemed to have fallen between the trunks , replacing the filtered sunlight that had shone between them less than a week ago , before he and erin had last spoken .
loose strips of bark began to reattach to the trunk of the tree .
an arm , the size of a tree trunk , came erupting from the ground , followed by its other arm .
half of the trunk still stood , a splintered sentinel that marked his way ; the other half now fell into the water , forming a small dam .
the gazebo was full to bursting with professional types having a networking lunch or something , so i ambled into the shade of a big tree and leaned on the trunk , giving my leg a rest .
at length , he slumped against a tree trunk ; at last , exhausted , he passed out ; in the morning , when he woke up , the wish , the loss , had been forgot !
the bard looked on with wondrous gaze upon the oaken trunk ; it held a dozen knotty eyes that gleamed with sappy gunk ; my name is unimportant , yurp , i m just a lowly bard ; i play upon my trusted harp , and measure out my words .
the figure was silent and motionless , and blended in so well with the darkness and the surroundings that blacky thought he might have mistaken a tree trunk for the figure .
she pulled her jeans and panties down to her knees , then grabbed hold of a tree trunk for support and bent over slightly , presenting herself to him .
the trees looked as if they had been half dying for years , and the white paint on the trunks cracked into fragile shapes .
scarletts eyes followed the trunk up , and she realised that this was the room that the glass - faceted dome covered , and the ancient maple tree just brushed the underside of it .
the wind had the terok completely engulfed , and lifted it into the air and threw it against a tree , shattering the terok as it hit the trunk with full force .
dahlia rushed from one thick tree trunk to another , hoping not to give the marksman a good target while she advanced .
in the upper reaches of those tall trees , trunks and branches had been unnaturally bent to form a roomy seat .
brody stood in a soaking rain after he tied off the last section of the fencing to a tree trunk , and stared at the lake .
two pairs of legs , thick as small tree trunks , stretched from its underbody ; they ended in sharp claws that could rip out the heart of any enemy with ease .
only a few rays of light made it to the forest floor through the densely packed trees , and the path followed a winding trail around thick trunks .
squirrels clambered up tree trunks and jumped between limbs , chattering noisily , and the stream burbled over the rocks below the waters surface .
stopping at a tree that would give her a clear line of sight , she quietly bent around the trunk to see what aaron was doing .
elzik marched across the white marble floor which had gold leaf running outwards across the vast echoless hall like branches of a golden tree , reaching out from the raised golden throne which represented the tree trunk .
a raccoon walked down the trunk with sharp claws scratching into rough bark , and when it passed a ninja sitting on a high branch , it regarded him with little curiosity before continuing on its way .
she was also impressed by their natural agility , and how quickly they were able to scurry up the trunk .
vines unfurled from the trunk , twisting around ankles and hoisting the children into the air , where they squirmed , dangling like leaves .
the chase took them down the trunk , and alana made the mistake of looking down at them .
the children began their procession inside the trunk , and as always , she studied the holy tree , hoping to glimpse the secret crevice they were walking into .
she approached the trunk , her incredibly long , elegant fingers running over the deep ridges of bark .
numbering around ten times the amount of defenders , he thought his army of the risen ones could swarm the tree and end it at that , but to his surprise , the tree itself took up the fight , its branches moving to ensnare and smash the lumbering beings before many could even make it to the trunk .
its trunk was hidden in darkness , but anon could clearly sense it in the distance , looming over the land .
once their flesh was penetrated , they were quickly entwined , then dragged towards the distant trunk of the dead tree .
he wanted to think he was nearing the trunk , but the more he walked the tree only grew bigger .
anon worried that perhaps its size was without limit ; that eventually the trunk and the darkness would become one , and he would be forever lost within it .
but what if the trunk of the dead tree was days away , or weeks ?
the trunk of the dead tree reached the clouds , possibly the stars .
there was but one path to the trunk .
anon was all but ignored as he made his way to the trunk .
his mind often wandering to thoughts of bloodied flesh on his tongue , anon drew nearer to the towering trunk of the dead tree .
he once wondered if he would ever near the blackened trunk , now he knew he was close , for the dead tree had in fact replaced the skyline .
first , he would have to enter the trunk of the dead tree , and then .
one final leap through the field of blackened roots took him to the trunk .
and so it was , imorbis entered the dead tree , staff in hand , and ascended the trunk to find and rescue the elf prince .
at this height , the trunk had no true entrance , it either allowed one to come and go , or it did not .
again he relied on the demon wind , this time he sent it out to the wall of the dead tree , hoping it would interpret his signal to exit the trunk .
all he could see was the trunk directly below his feet , and a wall of branches at his sides .
in front of them , the giant reared up , his limbs uncoiling and thrashing in the air , his body a blackened trunk of putrid , rotting wood .
the plague moved quickly up the massive trunk ; the infection blackening the bark as if it had been scorched by fire .
imorbis turned back to the god tree , watching as the dark army swarmed up the trunk .
crystal moved to hide between the fallen tree trunk and the rock wall beside the den .
crystal stepped out from behind the trunk and let go of her pants .
maybe i would have fainted out of shock , but the ferocious roar of the creature kept me wide awake and literally on my toes as i got up and stretched my arms behind me , clinging to the tree trunk .
they were large and had twisted trunks and green leaves with yellow edges .
blindly she cast her arms wide , hoping to catch the tree , but instead crashed into its trunk from her exaggerated leap .
then they all saw it ; a pair of large glowing eyes peered at them from within the trees trunk .
dark tree trunks were blurring past .
do nt stop me , she said , turning and stomping off into the woods again , hands searching for more invisible tree trunks .
the tiny sparks of light amongst the leaves had become brighter while light crawled along the trunk and throughout the branches .
long green - stemmed grasses tickled their legs , while wild flowers flounced their petals and climbed up gnarled tree trunks .
gavan materialized from the dark tree trunks , his fists clenched , his eyes shining from the scant light .
the mosaic , done in pieces of multicolored brick , was of a great tree with a large , red circle in the center of its trunk .
* * * the mosaic was exactly as esmeralda remembered it : a great tree stretched across the ground with a red circle in the center of the trunk .
adam leaned against the oak tree , knee bent and one booted foot flat against the solid trunk .
the trees that would be so lush and green by the spring were still mostly bare black and gray trunks with branches like skeletal fingers .
with her attention no longer needed to keep her from smashing into a tree trunk , she called in to headquarters .
a path led away between the trunks .
danven indicated a highly polished trunk , so large it could accommodate a full grown man .
i sighed and slumped against the tree trunk .
ok . she heard the slap of his hands on the trunk , and a moment later , he gave the signal .
tom shouted , the word echoing through the tree trunks .
they easily navigated the fallen trunks and slippery rocks as the ground climbed under their feet .
marmel and fredrick sat up inside and saw the light stream through the holes in the trunk , lighting the walls within it .
seeing ava burn , the tolen split from its roots and cracked the base of its trunk to move .
the trunk was split unevenly at its base , in large and long winding cracks , to allow its slow bending strides .
it then meshed into a mosaic on the trunk that was worn down to be hardly noticeable .
the trunk was thick and mossy .
the stubby tree carefully gripped its sack , leaned backwards and stepped slowly with its cracked trunk .
she held tightly onto her satchel to keep it from swinging into any of the fragile boughs and trunks of the old trees .
marmel followed and found himself in an opening between two crumbled and moss strangled trunks .
the figure had thrown it through oreole , hitting the trunk of their tree .
widely spaced branches circled up the trunk under the loft .
to take him around the trunk and up to the loft , he simply had to take small steps from one to the next and hold onto the branches hanging overhead .
trees towered to the sky , trunks wrapped together in spiralling braids , each bough climbing up over another to reach towards light and life .
knowing the bear would be forced to squeeze between the thick trunks , he watched as it reared and jumped to find more space between the trees the higher they grew .
the sky was lighting dramatically as gnak broke through the line of trees , the ball barely fitting between the massive trunks as he guided the massive thing .
its wide lump of a head sat atop a thick tree trunk of a neck , from where grunting sounds emerged .
leaning his back against one of the trunks , he again ate two strips of his dried meat and prepared to wait out the day .
i ducked and the tomcat went crashing into the trunk of a tree .
the forest was so thick that they made slow progress , mostly darting left and right , dodging solid tree trunks than moving forward .
the trees around them were tall maple and pine trees with massive trunks and high branches .
the tree trunks were burnt and the black branches had no leaves on them .
now , all that remained were burnt tree trunks with thorn - like branches .
the sandwiches were rather squashed , but they ate them with pleasure anyway , leaning shoulder - to - shoulder against the narrow tree trunk and looking out over the river canyon below .
she peered off into the depths behind their dark trunks , rank on rank , but her eyes could not pierce the dimness .
then , ever so slowly , she edged to her feet , backing against the trunk of the tree .
feeling around , she could tell that she was sitting where two large branches joined the trunk .
undergrowth was heavy and filled the spaces between the trunks of the young trees , where limbs grew low and twined together .
stashing her pack behind the white trunk of a crooked paper birch she was sure she would recognize again , she crept back up the road .
a large spruce tree stood among a scattering of young aspens , its shadow a pool of invisibility against the white trunks .
the woman laughed again , and leaned back against the trunk of the tree , stretching her legs out and wriggling her toes in her sandals .
there was a large oak tree nearby and its leafy branches reached out wide from its huge trunk , offering a protective canopy for anything that wished to nestle below .
* * * as aiden made his way back into town he spotted a fallen tree trunk , which lay lifeless near the hedge .
their trunks glimmered , while their branches held hundreds of ice crystals .
they were standing underneath a tree whose trunk was silver , whose fruits were golden hands fringed with black petals at the wrists.changeturned rigid , at first , whenhouyikissed her .
my eyes fall on an intricately built book shelf , with each shelf protruding from the main trunk like a branch of a tree .
vi looked at the tree and then at meredith , astonished that they were nt buried under hundreds of pounds of tree trunk .
he squeezed between two tree trunks and disappeared back into the forest .
the wagon lay , overturned , against a tree trunk , its baseboards and wheels shattered .
its from the trunk .
and from its mighty shoulders there descended two forelegs , thick as tree trunks and equipped with massive , sharp - clawed paws .
to flee the biting wind that blew from the sea , they wandered away from the shore till they found a clump of dead trees , whose great trunks , though drooped as if in acceptance of defeat , formed a sort of shelter that made the cold bearable .
but when the girl called from the other side of the sandy hill , where she stood next to a long , solitary trunk of wood to which was tied another great piece of thickly - woven cloth , wixelor , unearthing a seamans nightmare from his memory , explained to them how one could sail on the flat vessel by raising the fabric on the vertically placed log and letting the wind do the rest .
yet in the process of the raft being tossed and smashed against the shore , the tall trunk the mast , wixelor remembered at last had broken in half .
disappointment dragged them down once more , aided by their great tiredness , but just as they shuffled listlessly around the severed trunk that seemed a reflection of their own broken spirits , they were roused by the girls lively , almost cheerful voice .
but even after they had all turned decorously around ( even raddia , kneeling in front of wixelor to wrap the robe around the trunk of his leg , had averted her gaze ) gallan felt his nudity acutely , almost more sharply than the chill , and for some inexplicable reason this surge of discomfort was focused on , and seemingly reciprocated by , yodrens stiff shoulders , as if he could still see him through an eerie set of eyes , eyes which roamed across gallans body with a strange , powerful intent .
to one side of this clearing lay a small swamp , dull and murky , and there , sitting upon a large fallen trunk , was a woman clad in robes of blue with yellow lining , and a large ash bow strapped across her back .
from the corner of his eye he could see a fallen sword by the broken tree trunk , but in full view lay the horror of the karisgor coupled with the unleashed terrors of his imagination .
the trunks reeked , flaking away like dead skin , and everywhere beneath each footfall lay a sharp crunch .
over here , more marks upon the trunks , and the ground is charred , as if a forest fire raged herebut it did not , for the trees are still alive , if anything in the rotwood can be called that .
thalla retired to bed , curling up beside the dwindling fire , and ifferon began to doze against the great trunk of a willow tree , which , while sparse in foliage , gave a canopy of cover from the bleak , black sky .
he rushed to the top of the fallen tree trunk and cast his cloak back .
they clambered upon the tree trunk and cast their gaze across the plains .
just trying to clog his feet over the roots and stones of the path , he looked up and saw light between the long shadowed trunks .
from its roots that wound out of the stream , a moss covered the tree far up its trunk .
as he flew , he saw the crumbled stone walls pass between the trunks .
they also had these worms , these huge worms , which would wrap themselves around to bore into the trunks .
they held it to the tree with a paste left behind as they circled high up the trunk .
nova walked carefully along the bough before reaching the trunk .
walking up beneath the loft , bale waited until nova reluctantly climbed off onto one of the branches that spiralled up the trunk .
there stood a tree with a hollow trunk that leaned on one large swollen branch .
it came off in chunks or caved into the hollow of the trunk .
with a hiss a few more lined their spears at the trees , only to lose them in the ancients trunks .
it had arms that were thin and lined into the trunk in an immovable grip .
i reach the first thick trunk , marking the forest edge , the boundary that will take me away from the sun .
the grass is pretty dry , so i find a secluded spot and sit against a wide tree trunk .
i hear yet another groan , and this time set eyes on a small woman between the man and the tree trunk , the light just catching the side of her cheek behind his shoulder .
silus feinted to one side , then , when the bandit raised his sword arm for a high slash to the neck , silus switched his footing , stepped in grabbing the mans sword arm and slid his sword clean through his attackers trunk .
his hands found a furry body , which he heaved up and slammed against the nearest tree trunk at the right height for him .
he staggered and caught himself on the tree trunk .
kota leaned as far as he could and watched until terra disappeared out of sight before sitting back against the trunk with a sigh .
an arrow hit the trunk of the tree just as kota swung himself to the ground , but he saw terra hit the ground and roll out of the way of the trampling hooves .
his arms stretched wide and clung to its trunk in an impossible embrace .
elven scouts clutched the trees , feeling tremors traveling up the trunks , turning to report to their superiors .
they searched a wide expanse of forest as small twigs and leaves brushed and clung to them on their shoulders and backs , until they spied dark metallic figures on the ground between the trunks .
even the path he and his mother walked upon was formed of the trunk of the tree .
chapter five nord stood against a trunk of a tree , watching as his nephew took careful aim on a deer with his bow .
his feet hung off the edge of it , stretching across a flat topped trunk .
lov felt the whole trunk shake .
it hit a couple of large lower branches on the way down , busting one of them from the trunk .
he levitated down to the tree 's trunk and took one last look back up at his grandson .
as he passed where the beast scaled the tree , his fingers slipped into the gouges it had made on the trunk to his second knuckle .
his foot slid on the trunk , and lov scrambled for a hand hold on the tree , but was unable to find one .
it was small in size and looked like a little man until you saw its head which was the shape of an elephants , the tiny trunk slung over one shoulder .
the view was beautiful through the long trunks and the path up ahead was overgrown and wound its way around and through the foliage , sometimes disappearing from view completely .
harrad pounded from his door , a pile of chopped trunk in his arms .
as he neared the top he stopped and rested on a thick branch against the trunk .
he climbed the stone wall next to the tree and touched the trunk as he willed the nearest branch to lower .
just missing its trunk , zayd threw out his hand , taking hold of one of thy branches .
he was thrown straight into the trunk of thy tree this time .
she appeared to be placing it within an incredible oak tree of silver trunk and fine blue leaves .
she placed thy rose crowing of staff into the rose recess , formed deep into the sterling silver bark of thy oaks trunk .
stepping back with thy staff in her hand , corozon watch as the solid trunk of tree part , and open , revealing an arched doorway .
what he means is this : in the center of the creation is the great world tree , it grows from its roots in the underworld to its trunk in the fourth world , to its heavenly branches in the garden of the gods and the sixth and seventh worlds .
he takes that flower in his mouth and plucks it as fine as day , and then back down the trunk he goes .
when the clouds covered mother moon 's face , the chilam balam said : ` ` waken , little sleepers , little flyers , little biters crawl out of your tree trunks , your leaves , your caves fly this night to kimitun - nal suck the ears of the people bite the throats of the people bring terror to their hearts . ''
there were four canoes on the river , the men were paddling swiftly toward the shore , but the flood pounced on them and bit down on them with tree trunks and boulders .
he stands at the great ceiba tree that holds up the sky , and he chops its trunk .
the table had the appearance of an enormous polished sikwayi tree trunk , cut squarely across the top , twelve foot long .
i turned around and watched him step out from behind the trunk of a sweet gum tree .
i knew you would come i saw matthias leaning against the trunk of a tree as i walked deeper into the graveyard .
their trunks looked to be the same boney material that sprouted from garamoushs orange bile .
even as stenn rushed past them , he could see that their gnarled trunks were twisted like woven rope .
he thought he was looking at another tree trunk .
but tree trunks do nt blink and speak with human mouths , not even in garamoushs shell .
she rested her hand on the tree trunk -which unless my eyes deceive me , started to wither- and said , so ben !
we had found a place to fall asleep during the night , which was on the trunk of a very large tree , with a nice open view of the planet in the sky .
we both sat down against the trunk , exhausted .
i walked over to the tree and sat down against its light gray trunk .
ben saw the oncoming danger and moved out of the way , then tore the trunk of a dead tree out of the miniature oasis that was on it and rammed it into the ribcage of the armor , and some of the branches even pierced the bad - guy ben inside .
the trunk was straight and smooth for thirty feet .
as he approached the four - lane street , cutting through the panicking crowd , he leaped onto the trunk of a car .
some six months ago , he had visited a pandit ji whom upon hearing of vikrams great fright of death had ordained him to go to this one specific peepal tree twice each day and tie a black thread around its trunk as a guaranteed expedient for protection against untimely death .
slowly and very carefully he thus moved , taking a long time before he finished walking the treacherous path and reached the peepal tree , on whose hoary trunk were already present countless black threads .
so , my dear fellow , how long are you going to keep tying threads around tree trunks ?
* * * * * * * a bare and withered amaltas , its branches frail and its wizened trunk beset by rot , its vitality sapped and its life force fast abandoning it , lone it stood on a road side , its silhouette in the night providing the most haunting and gloomiest of sights to any passerby .
rot had set in the trunk ; worms and termites were crawling all over it , eating it from the inside ; while on the ground , near the decayed stinking base lay arjun , turned a ghastly shade of blue and shriveled to the size of a midget .
and while the motes of arjuns remains began their journey for the cosmos , a loud creaking sound was heard coming from the trunk of that rotten amaltas , and moments later it began its fall towards the road it had been overlooking for the past so many years , and as it fell , it smashed straight down in to an old ambassador which was standing under it , turning the car who went by the name of rosa in this world , in to an unsalvageable wreckage .
but the shadow of a treetop just brushed the back wall , and its trunk paved a road of shade leading past the edge of the womens village .
chapter 4 the ax in gabriels hands swung high before slamming into the fallen trunk .
putting a boot on the trunk , he pushed until the desired piece dislodged .
he trips on a root and pitches forward into stunning encounter with a tree - trunk .
' i see it all , ' she wept , putting her hand upon the rotted trunk of a dead tree .
the bear remained below her , circling the trunk and snorting with great frustration .
from time to time the bear would lean its weight against the trunk of the tree and lift itself almost close enough to catch avann by the ankles .
he slid down the trunk until he hit bottom .
it consumes the leaves and the trunks and the bushes and the underbrush .
a score of peasants were already at work : gray - haired crones with stooped backs , dirt - covered men with arms like hairy tree trunks , hefty matrons , and barefoot children who spied from behind sheaves of wheat .
around his tree trunk of a neck , he wore a pearl necklace and upon his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf on it .
the creature raced like a tulkarian jungle cat , leaping over logs , boulders , and streams , swerving between tree trunks , forcing riders to duck beneath low lying branches .
chris and his father ran into the kitchen , filled some buckets with water and doused the few flickering flames that still clung to the tree trunk .
the tree trunk now rested squarely on the couch where chris and fiona had been sitting .
the tree trunks were strange colours ; red , grey , and shades of bluey - brown .
they reached a tree which seemed to consist of a number of smaller trunks fused together .
at ground level the trunk split into a tangle of roots that reminded chris of the arms of an octopus .
he nodded , then walked straight into a narrow passage carved out of the trunk .
she moved her hands to different parts of the trunk , closing her eyes in concentration .
today , when i passed by some trees i put my hands on their trunks .
they both looked up , but the trunk disappeared into an impossible thick canopy above their heads .
susie had been touching the trunks of the nearby trees .
chris watched joe stalk out of the water , sit down against a tree trunk and begin unlacing his shoes to drain out the water .
only susie seemed to maintain any enthusiasm as she walked around placing her hands on nearby tree trunks .
were not alone , she said after touching the trunks of the nearby trees .
she grabbed a hold of the tree trunk and clasped on , then she ate a bit of the mushroom to shrink herself .
her head landed just a few inches from the trunk of a tree .
the trunk was far too heavy to move .
inside the trunk of an old dead oak on the far side of the forest , answered petr .
finally , defeated , he sat heavily on the trunk of a fallen tree and held his head in his shivering hands .
grinly sat on the trunk of a fallen tree cradling his head in his hands .
tanka nodded his huge head , pushing her gently with his nose toward the tree trunk where the ladder was suspended .
she was thrown ten feet through the air , striking the trunk of a grizzled old tree and she slid to the ground !
kahira walked to the tree hut , seeing tanka lying by the tree trunk .
on the first couple of days on his new route , eddie had passed lemontree on several tries before finally spotting the opening and easing the mail truck down the steep - angled road , letting gravity and a low gear carry the vehicle down the snaking path that was densely lined with thin birch and lemon trees overgrown at the base of their trunks with weeds and tall grass .
he wondered if a family lived there , or if several lived there , but found no evidence of any significant movement in and around the cottage , save for the strange shadows that darted behind the tree trunks .
the winter darkness covered the sky and streets , and eddie slowly navigated the twists and turns of lemontree , noting the shadows and shy , shimmering eyes darting behind tree trunks .
by the time bert returned with the horse maynard had fashioned a crude ladder from a tree trunk .
roots at the base of a tree provided a suitable place to sit in the soft loam and lean against the trunk while she ate her midday meal .
she put her back to the tree and slid down the trunk , ignoring the grasping bark and sap .
at the four corners of the house rose huge hewn tree trunks oiled to a dull sheen .
the trunks framed interlocking granite blocks of varying sizes which formed the walls of the old mans home .
even though he had other more elaborate intentions , the evasion proved to be provident when an incoming arrow buried into the tree trunk when it would have otherwise struck him .
the limb harald caught was just strong enough to support his hanging weight , so he gave it a good bounce to split the joint where the bough attached to the trunk .
the cruciform shape of its trunk and twisted branches was not accidental since a bearded man hung from it .
he inspected the trunk and found where sap leaked from an arrow wound in the bark , why do nt you climb up there and see for yourself ?
the chill wind picked up rapidly , blowing through his hair , as he ran along the tree line for a few hundred feet , then curled around an enormous pine trunk and hurtled into the woods .
he would only use a short burst of power at a time in order to maintain his spirit level as he moved , running and jumping off of tree trunks to keep up his forward momentum .
sighing , lyght leaned against a maple trunk and watched the sun rising in the azure autumn sky .
mikael laughed out loud , twisting and pushing off a tree trunk from his position in mid - air , legion cape flying behind him .
holding his ground until the last second , lyght spun this time backflipping with great effort and a touch of dreamcasting boost and kicked off against the tree trunk behind him .
spinning out of range and swinging himself around the trunk of a tree barely avoiding a vicious cut to the head lyght make a full circle and put on a spurt of dreamcasting as he was exactly halfway around the tree , hidden from his opponent , and came around the other side much faster than his enemy would ve expected .
the walls were curved like trunks , and doors and windows looked like knots or holes in the wood .
po let out a snort and they both sat back against the willows wide trunk , pos fishing malfunction momentarily fixed .
then , on one of the tall branches of an expansive maple overlooking the lake , raymond could make out a single bushy - tailed squirrel , prancing down the trunk onto a crooked power - line pole .
wearing a camouflage hoodie with the sleeves pulled up , her olive skin matched the trunk of the sugar maple tree she crouched behind .
passing by their skeleton - like trunks , raymond wondered if life would ever return .
only then did jace truly appreciate his situation : the gorge gaping on either side and an icy tree trunk under his feet .
jace slid down the trunk into the gully at its base where the bandits let him lie .
as the sun reached its midday peak , they carefully crawled out upon an ancient tree trunk that spanned the gorge to eat their lunch .
then she pulled the hood over her head and , with her back resting against the trunk , began to look straight at the wall .
he walked hunched to the ground and hid behind a tree , a moment before an arrow hissed in the wind to stick on the trunk .
every few moments , she pressed her hand against the tree that shielded her from the dragons view , verifying its steady trunk was still there .
i m only allowed to share the details with people who have balanced on one - foot , in the curl of an elephants trunk .
abang , over there , look , the trunk of that tree is twisted down towards the ground .
he helped her to get behind the trunk , then went to her side .
he said as he helped her climb over the tree trunk .
hold on to the trunk so you do nt have to put your body weight on your injury .
he told her , before jumping over the trunk .
the mammoths , they were ridden to plow the fields for planting ( and also helped with the planting as they could scatter seeds with their trunks ) ; the ceras were mainly used for harnessing the power of the sun .
there was a small stand of trees that edged the blood red field , their trunks a bright blue , as if someone had played a prank and painted them all .
people like him were born into the roots , the lowest level of tree , and other people were luckier , those that were born in the middle levels , affectionately called the trunk .
i launched myself onto the trunk of one of the cars , using the bumper as a step , and jumped up onto the roof , and slid down the windshield onto the hood , and then jumped onto the car next to it .
its roots trailed down beneath its trunk , anchoring the ancient growth .
will was extra cautious as though the trunk may bite him and jaime laughed .
halfway across the lake , where it curved to the east , an immense structure flared out of the mountains into a large , circular head with a crown of inward curving thorns , resting on a gigantic , curving trunk of stone .
on the south - east bank of the lake stood a tree , the biggest and strangest gregory had ever seen : twelve stories tall , with a pure white trunk ; and without a single leaf on it .
small figures seemed to be moving up the giant in a spiral there were steps carved into its trunk , gregory realised .
alien and otherworldly , it had stairs spiralling down its trunk and rooms cut into it .
and to get that he would need ten minutes later , gregory and susannah , hand in hand , had sped down the stairs cut into the trees trunk .
gregory opened his mouth to warn vincent about the barrier , but they flew right up to the trunk without a problem : had remy disabled the barrier for some reason ?
it looked like a sleek filing system : instead of parchment in cubbyholes , there were rectangular cards of runewood , all carved with intricate runeflows , stacked in neat columns of different heights , into slots in the runewood trunk .
gregory nodded and vincent sped up the trees trunk .
gregory climbed the runewood stairs to the main trunk .
remy cried out in shock ; a wave of pure power pulsed out of the trunk : it caught the great spectre outside and swept it off the landing as if it were an insect the wraith dissipated with another painful roar ; the blast threw the fighters .
the trunk instantly lost its pure white color and turned a dark grey : the golden barrier dissolved into nothingness ; there was no power to draw from the runewood ; gregory had expelled every thauma of magic in the blood tree .
for a wild moment , he thought he saw the sunset reverse itself then he realised that the tree was tilting , collapsing under its own weight , its trunk shattering ; no mere wood could sustain such a massive body without magic .
deep below his feet , he felt the blood trees trunk strain and then break with an almighty crack : the violent snap sent gregory flying : he was flung straight out of the control rooms archway .
and still the blood tree fell , its massive , ruined form magnificent in death : the great trunk hit the ground , which shuddered as strongly as in any quake : and then it moved no more : there was only a soft silence , filled with the sound of dust and blackened leaves settling back to the ground .
he told me that a powerful necromancer was headed for the tree , and that you were making your way up the trunk .
he was hairless and huge , arms as thick as logs , a tree - trunk sized neck , and a body that could pass as a boulder , but his eyes were calm and green as the tulkarian sea .
around his tree trunk of a neck , he wore a pearl necklace and on his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf .
the creature leapt over logs , boulders , and streams , swerving between tree trunks , forcing riders to duck beneath low lying branches .
rif struggled up a wooded hill , dodging between tree trunks .
lined by the huge trunks of ancient baobob trees , this avenue was made of huge blocks of blue granite .
as they passed between the trunks of the beobabs , however , they were struck by the astringent reek of pari blossoms , for they were entering a park frequented by fashionable addicts .
instead of bubbles , the egg now appeared to be surrounded by a network of leafless , twisted trees , their trunks extending in all directions with no distinction of up and down or left and right .
sometimes , the trunk of such a tree seemed to go on indefinitely .
he was built like a tree trunk and she was built like a spindly stick .
the once gentle sound of the wind blowing through the tree trunks now sounded like a hurricane roaring around him .
sayjin found a comfortable place against a tree trunk and let the soft growl of the wild dogs relax his mind .
while they laugh , elma sees a tree which reproduces kinds of branches that are different from eachother on its trunk .
with the steps opening some rightward and some leftward , they diverge each other , however , after some minutes , without speaking , they meet at the trunk of the jeep .
the city sounded like a battle ground and as gabriel crawled out from the trunk he could see the scorched earth .
an arm big as a tree trunk and a chest wider than the car window was pressed through the driver's - side window .
he pushed hard on the bottom of the trunk and there was a hollow - sounding crack .
he withdrew a scabbard from the trunk , and drew a short , straight blade , the gladius of a legionare .
he glanced about warily ; in the darkness , the verdant trunks , slim and black , resembled nothing so much as his quarry .
she grunted as she pressed her lithe body between a heavy stone and a tree trunk .
it was only when lenk drew closer that he noticed the trunk of the tree .
lenk stared at the tree trunk for what felt like an eternity .
it quietly creaked , resting its head back against the trunk of the tree , and cast an almost meditative stare across the ocean .
he was on the beach suddenly , the forest behind him and the scent gone , a snake stretched too thin around the tree trunks .
the rock fell , rolled along the earth to bump against the trunk of a tree that loomed over a brown - haired girl , crumpled before a mossy altar , clenching her left arm with tears streaming down her face as a chunk of metal looked upon her with pity .
the face hung by its right eye , the arrow having penetrated it perfectly and pinned the nut to the tree trunk behind it .
it shattered against a tree trunk , a rain of murky glass falling upon the sand .
lightning sheared the trunk apart and sent smoldering shards raining down upon him .
a tentacle the size of a tree trunk swept out of the darkness , snatching her into the air and twisting her warcry to a desperate scream as it dragged her beneath the waves .
his tie was dark gray silk , and the tie pin was a tree , worked in silver : trunk , branches , and deep roots .
this man was barrel - chested , and he had legs like , yes , like tree trunks , and hands like , exactly , ham hocks .
the three men stumbled and slipped on the snow , using the trunks of birch trees on the hillside to steady themselves , and to stop themselves from falling .
the vw bus jolted and bumped across the meadow , and came to a stop about twenty feet from the trunk of the tree .
she laid it in front of the tree , about ten feet from the trunk .
so he pushed himself back against the trunk of the tree .
something ran down the tree trunk beside him , stopping beside his head ; it cluttered loudly in his ear , one word , which sounded a lot like ` ` ratatosk . ''
he opened his mouth to catch the rain as it fell , moistening his cracked lips and his dry tongue , wetting the ropes that bound him to the trunk of the tree .
he trapped some water between his bare shoulder and the trunk of the tree , and he twisted his head over and drank the trapped rainwater , sucking and slurping at it , and he drank more and he laughed , laughed with joy and delight , not madness , until he could laugh no more , until he hung there too exhausted to move .
the squirrel dropped from the bark of the trunk onto shadow 's shoulder , sharp claws digging into his skin .
there was a nak*d man tied to the trunk a little way above the ground by a webwork of ropes , and there was something wrapped in a sheet at the foot of the tree .
he walked a little way around the thick trunk , away from the sightless eyes of the farmhouse , then he unzipped his fly and pissed against the trunk of the tree .
he walked a little way around the thick trunk , away from the sightless eyes of the farmhouse , then he unzipped his fly and pissed against the trunk of the tree .
he leaned it carefully against the trunk .
shadow walked the meadow , making his own slew circles around the trunk of the tree , gradually widening his circle .
` ` nice trunk , '' said shadow .
i thought maybe it meant the trunk of the tree .
he could see alison mcgovern 's white face staring at him from the open trunk .
his body slammed against the trunk , but he shook his head .
she lounged on a sofa her da had carved from the trunk of a tree .
some of the trees were ancient giants whose trunks were broader than she was tall .
nasaug growled something under his breath , and another cane , smaller , his fur grizzled and thick with scars , appeared from around the trunk of the tree , leading ehren with him .
the outlaw swerved away from them when he was less than twenty feet off , sighed , and began relieving himself against the trunk of a tree .
amara laughed , and her eye alighted upon the nearest tree trunk .
pivoting in a great circle , bernard roared in rage and triumph , and slammed the garim 's skull against the thick trunk of a tree .
i wrenched free of my captor and stumbled back against the trunk of the car as the man was yanked upward by the airflow , out of control .
valentine bent down and gathered up jace ; as he lifted him up lightly , clary saw the impeccably cut jacket tighten over his arms and back , and she realized that he was a deceptively massive man , with a torso like the trunk of an oak tree .
it struck the assassin with a dull , crunching sound of bones breaking upon impact and drove the man hard against the trunk of a tree .
the assassin bounced off the tree trunk , seized the chair , and flung it out over the grotto and into the pool .
` ` all right , '' he said to foss , sitting down on the trunk .
` ` you worry too much , '' max told him , and leaned idly against the trunk of a tree .
` ` on the trunk to your left . ''
the little furylamp on the trunk flickered to life .
she heard a sickly - sharp crunching sound as one of them slammed bodily into the solid trunk of a particularly tall oak .
if they avoided solid impacts with the central trunks of the trees , they might survive the fall , so long as they were very , very lucky .
i lean against a tree trunk with my notebook propped open on my knee , a pen in my hand , as i scribble words that are important to me .
he nestles us down next to the trunk , wraps his arms around me , and leans me back against his chest .
flourishing trees dot the land and flowers of all colors grow from the ground , twining around the trunks and branches .
it was the tree trunk .
rincewind noticed several tree trunks keeping station with them , and just below the surface the water was alive with fish of all sorts .
it contained one or two hulks and quite a large amount of floating wood in the form of planks , baulks and even whole natural tree trunks , some still sporting green leaves .
the trunk of the tree gave another protesting creak , and a pebble bounced off rincewind 's helmet as one root tore loose from the rock .
in the middle of it all was detritus , perched proudly on the trunk , his face split in a watermelon grin , his arms spread wide .
lightning split the trunk of a nearby baobab .
` ` your legs to swell to tree trunks ! ''
so ... he 'd removed about six feet from the middle of the tree 's trunk , thus allowing the swing to , well , swing .
however , the lack of a major section of trunk had presented a fresh problem .
nanny ogg pirouetted past , cannoned into an elephant in evening dress and beheaded him by the trunk .
but the splendour of it was lying in glittering shards around a sledge that looked as though it had been built of crudely sawn tree trunks laid on two massive wooden runners .
it looked like a very small elephant with a very wide , flared trunk , up which one of the chair 's socks was disappearing .
' if only she 'd looked harder at the trees ... she says they ' ve got brown trunks and green leaves and it says here she thought they were odd .
' brown tree trunks ?
you only ever see brown tree trunks in one place , ' said susan .
one grew so fast that it went all the way from sapling to half - rotten trunk in a few seconds .
according to the second scroll of wen the eternally surprised , wen the eternally surprised sawed the first procrastinator from the trunk of a wamwam tree , carved certain symbols on it , fitted it with a bronze spindle and summoned the apprentice , clodpool .
even so , a white - hot cogwheel had whirred over his head and buried itself in a tree trunk .
at the far end of its trunk , lu - tze was saying , ' so , you ' ve never heard of rule one , then ? '
nothing remained but some tree trunks , and they were all stripped of bark down one side .
but it tolerated esk , who used to go and sit in it if she was annoyed or fed up or just wanted to be by herself , and the boys sensed that every brother 's right to gently torture his sister ended at the foot of its trunk .
granny sidled closer to the trunk .
the boat banged heavily against a submerged tree trunk , and a wavelet lapped the prow .
now tiffany lay among the trunks of the old thorn bushes , whose leaves rustled continuously in the breeze .
only black trunks and scribbly branches of the trees , here and there , told her where the land stopped and the sky began .
pictsies were watching her carefully but , she saw , there were others behind them staring outward , into the gloom among the tree trunks .
but she could make out three more dromes now , their big round soggy faces peering at her around tree trunks .
but she 'd seen a small , round , pale face staring at them around a tree trunk .
there had n't been much life in them , not once the tree trunks closed in behind you ; it had been dark as the bottom of the sea in there , the leaves far above keeping out the light .
red light shone in through the open door , and through the trunks of the saplings growing everywhere .
on the tump , the old castle mound across the river , the big tower , one end of the grand trunk that wound more than two thousand miles across the continent to genua , glittered with semaphore .
a lot of what travelled on the grand trunk was called the overhead .
' and i know the souls of dead linesmen stay on the trunk . '
ongoing messages can be put on the trunk in sto lat .
one of the towers of the grand trunk was ahead and slightly to the left .
beyond sto lat the trunk began to split into tributaries , but here , flashing overhead , the words of the world were flowing- -should be flowing .
' the trunk is in trouble , mr lipwig .
the grand trunk must n't just make enemies , it must mass - produce them .
the trunk 's too big to fail .
' tomorrow night - that 's the day after today - you are going to send a coach -that 's a thing on wheels , pulled by horses , which might reach fourteen miles an hour on a good road - to race against the grand trunk -that 's all those semaphore towers , which can send messages at hundreds of miles an hour - all the way to genua - that 's the town which is a very long way away indeed ? '
how can i beat the grand trunk ? '
' it could have made the trunk almost three times faster at night .
' every tower on the trunk ? '
killing the grand trunk ... oh , the towers would be left standing , but it would take months to repair them all .
the trunk had become a monster , eating people .
the clacks signallers , all along the trunk , were ... a different kind of people .
chapter thirteen the edge of the envelope in which we learn the theory of baize - space - devious collabone - the grand trunk burns - so sharp you 'll cut yourself- finding miss dearheart - a theory of disguise - igor moveth on - ' let this moment never end ' - a brush with the trunk - the big sail unfurls - the message is received mustrum ridcully , archchancellor of unseen university , levelled his cue and took careful aim .
' they travel from one end of the trunk to the other , he said .
fire from the sky ... everyone knew that the top half of the towers rocked as the messages flew along the trunk .
moist awoke , the grand trunk burning in his head .
gilt would find some way to hold on to the grand trunk , cutting even more corners , killing people out of greed- ' are you all right , mr lipvig ? '
it would n't need too many towers to break down , and heavens knew they broke down all the time , for a broomstick to beat the clacks to genua , especially since it could fly direct and would n't have to follow the big dog - leg the coach road and the grand trunk took .
' it 'll destroy the trunk , ' said moist .
keep the trunk operating , replace one tower at a time , never dropping any code ! '
' you know they 'll never really die while the trunk is alive , ' said moist .
up on the tower , watching the star - like twinkle of the trunk in the clear , freezing air , it was like being part of the sky .
have you heard that the souls of dead men travel on the trunk ? '
you will obtain the paper tapes , which i believe are known as drum rolls , from all the towers on the grand trunk .
but what i truly meant was that a great many people depend on the trunk for their living .
' in that case , i ' m going to keep the grand trunk running , ' said moist .
dark trunks against snowdrifts , a striped world of black and white , bars against the light .
` ` it 's a lovely morning , '' she said , ` ` and i think i 'd better go home ... . '' on the chilly river just above the thundering lancre falls , a tree trunk was moored .
it will shortly become apparent that another reason for its growing friskiness is the fact that , in the pre - ceremony confusion , its trunk found the ceremonial chalice containing a gallon of strong wine and drained the lot .
and he brought the blade down in a wild sweep which , by sheer luck , gave the elephant a mild flesh wound on the trunk .
the acolyte turned in horror to look at two tiny bloodshot eyes squinting down the length of an enraged trunk , and cleared the altar in one standing jump .
vague confusing recollections flooded its aching head , of fires and shouts and men with nets and cages and spears and too many years hauling heavy tree trunks .
it brought its trunk down across the altar stone and somewhat to its own surprise smashed it in two , levered the two parts into the air with its tusks , tried unsuccessfully to uproot a stone pillar and then , feeling the sudden need for a breath of fresh air , started to charge arthritically down the length of the hall .
rincewind dropped the single syllable heavily in front of nijel 's train of thought , like a tree trunk .
she could see a rolling heap of bulldozed snow and soil bearing down on them through the forest , the mind - numbing sound of the leading glaciers now overlaid with the rhythmic snapping of tree trunks .
a quick inspection of the nearby trunks indicated that , in defiance of all normal geography , the hub lay everywhere .
despite the heat of the day a dank , impenetrable gloom hovered among the tree trunks , which crowded up to the track as if intending to obliterate it completely .
he gave the trunk an experimental heave , and managed to get it across his shoulders .
we were surrounded by a nearly perfect circle of the tall , pale tree trunks .
royal slid completely behind my neck so that he put his arms and legs on either side of my neck and held on as if i were the trunk of a tree .
he settled down beside a large oak , his back pressed against the trunk so that his wings could get a good stretch .
since she only intended to be human until she made it to a clearing , she pulled a long cotton shirt out of a trunk and drew it over her head .
` ` thick like a tree trunk , '' brigida muttered .
another one she backhanded into the trees , loving the sound of his spine snapping as he hit a sturdy trunk .
when she got the blade stuck in a tree trunk , he moved forward silently .
and with that , she went back to trying to get the sword out of the tree trunk .
gwenvael took her deep into the surrounding forest and set her down against a large old tree , her back against its trunk .
acting on instinct and more years of what his own father had considered ` ` training '' than he cared to think about , bercelak shoved his son to the side as a dragon 's broadsword - the length of a human soldier 's battle lance , the width of a middle - aged tree trunk - landed in the spot eibhear had stood .
he found her behind esyld 's house , sitting on an overturned trunk and staring out over a small stream .
he sat down next to her on the trunk .
he grabbed the wine and settled on the ground , his back against the trunk .
the sword cut through the trunk with ease , and gwenvael knew his head would be next .
the dragons came into range as she released the rope on one of her favorite defenses and the huge trunk swung free .
the lightnings were quick , their heads turning at the same time , and they both stepped back , the trunk swinging past them .
and that 's when eibhear tripped over his own feet and went head first into the trunk of a rather large tree .
she crashed into the trunk hard , bounced away from it and onto the ground , rolled to her feet , and went at vigholf once more .
vigholf leaned back against a tree trunk , his arms crossed over his chest .
she stopped by an old tree with a massive trunk .
he 'd been only a puppy , his battered body curled into the hollow of a tree trunk .
patricks only response was driving his fist into the trees wide trunk .
officer reilly circled around the blood pool , wending in and out of the trunks and branches , small sticks snapping under her feet , the sounds loud in his ears .
leaning against the trunk herself , she crossed her arms over her chest and looked up toward the sun .
more pounding came from the trunk .
her car was beginning to rock and she pushed down harder on the trunk with her super- strength to keep it still .
she waited until alec rounded the trunk .
hugging the trunk , she aimed ingram 's gun around it .
alec came around the trunk and offered his hand .
an impatient thumping upon eve 's trunk shook the car and drew his attention to the rear window .
alec climbed out of the driver 's seat and rounded the trunk .
rounding the trunk , he reached into the passenger side and plucked her out .
enhancing his vision , he looked through the trunks and watched some ... thing struggling .
he turned to me and gestured to the trunk of the suv .
the lamp had lit up the closest trunks and left the rest of the woods in eerie shadow .
my arms were pulled back behind the trunk and tied together .
the outer blackened pine branches snapped off on my side of the truck , and the trunk crushed the underbrush just a couple of inches to the right of the suv 's hood .
i turned right , holding to a massive tree trunk for support , and clambered up a short rise .
i got my wish , with a vengeance , as a pair of hands grabbed his shoulders and threw lewis across the clearing to smash against a tree trunk .
then they shambled away to sit on a fallen tree trunk nearby and pass among themselves a bottle of some vile concoction the amateur distillers in the legions had created .
more wire bound his waist to the trunk of the cross .
they moved on four legs , each thicker than the trunk of any tree amara had ever seen .
called raucus in a calm , workmanlike tone , and suddenly shifted his motion , darting forward under the last blade - beast 's weaponry and striking its two foremost limbs from its body where they joined the trunk and were nothing but smooth chitin .
isana looked up to see placidus sandos backing down the incline , step by step , his legs spread widely , anchoring him to the ground like tree trunks .
araris 's sword clove the legs from one side of its body , then swept its head from its trunk before it could finish falling .
the stone flew in silence and struck on a tree trunk , making a sharp sound .
he lived out of a single trunk , now , as he had in the legions .
fidelias leaned against the trunk and waited for the waters to subside .
he knelt by the trunk of the tree , resting a hand lightly on the sodden ground , reaching out for vamma .
the swordsman lay on the ground , unmoving , his fingers still locked around the hilt of his sword , buried to its hilts in the trunk of a tree .
he jerked the sword from the tree 's trunk , and peeled aldrick 's hand from its hilt .
they rose up , their trunks twisted and gnarled , stretching many branches each high into the air , like the reaching hands of a drowning man .
as far as he could see , in the faint light of the glowing wax , those odd trees writhed and twisted , their branches and trunks hung in festoons and swirls of the waxy growth .
at the heart of the scene stood a single , ancient tree , barren trunk lifting high , dead branches mostly worn away by time .
it is located at the base of the great tree , within its trunk . ''
just a lump in the wax on the trunk of the tree .
tavi thought for a moment that a piece of the croach had broken from the tree trunk and would fall to earth .
all in all , eight knobby , many - jointed legs stretched free of the thing 's body , and then , with a quiet , horrible grace , it paced down the trunk of the tree and across the floor of the forest to the break in the surface of the croach , where greenish glowing fluid bubbled and seethed like blood in an open wound .
the trunk was enormous , fully as big around as bernardholt 's walls .
at the base of the tree , there was a cavernous opening , a sloped and irregular triangle where the trunk parted , allowing entrance to the interior tavi paused and watched the keeper he had been following it paced slowly into the tree 's interior , and as it passed within , another keeper moved out on the other side of the opening , as though it were a tunnel in the causeway tavi stopped for a few moments and watched shortly , the keeper he 'd been following or another like it came out of the tree in exactly the same place still another came creeping in from another direction and entered the tree in exactly the same manner as the first , emerging again a few moments later the keepers must have been taking something into the tree but what ' something small , if they were just scuttling in and out , like ants in and out of their hills food ' water ' what did they carry ' tavi shook his head and touched the blanket with his fingertips though it was still cool , it did n't feel as cold as it had a few minutes ago the air down here in the chasm was just too warm he had to hurry , he knew , because with each passing moment his method of concealment became less effective tavi struggled to calm the pounding of his heart what if these bugs were smarter than he thought ' what if they had only allowed him to come this far because they wanted him there anyway ' what if they just wanted to get him to a place where he could not escape and would then leap on him and devour him ' and what , he thought , could possibly be there inside that tree ' what would be there that the keepers would be carrying something to ' if they were like ants , existing in a colony , where some carried food , and some fought , and so on , would they have a queen , like ants did ' if so , would she be inside the tree , at the heart of their domain ' a dozen more questions flicked through tavi 's mind , before he realized that he was doing nothing but wasting his time he did n't have any answers to any of the questions , and he would n't get the answers standing in place- all he would get would be warmer more vulnerable he kept counting in his head and reached five hundred tavi all but held his breath , poised to flee if the plan went wrong , though he knew that his chances of escaping from the heart of the chasm were slim indeed tavi waited and waited nothing happened he felt his heart begin to race as panic crept over him .
they erupted from everywhere , from every surface where the croach glowed , ripping their way up out of the waxy forest floor , dropping from the glowing branches of the twisted trees , boiling out of the interior of the great tree trunk itself .
he struggled to keep his breathing slow and quiet , to make sure that his trembling did n't result in any twitches that the keepers would see as sudden , jerky movement , and stepped forward , into the trunk of the tree .
tavi looked back and forth between doroga and the marat girl on the ground , the horrible thing crouched over her twitching body terror rose through him , a horrible taste in his mouth , and he could n't see , could n't seem to focus his eyes one hand tightened on the rope in helpless frustration kitai had saved his life she had trusted his plan to get them both out of the chasm alive he was the only one who could help her tavi let go of the rope he turned and ran , not toward the thing crouched over kitai , but past it , around several glowing trees and to the one they had set on fire keepers crowded in all around him he could hear them coming through the forest toward him , shrieks and whistles resounding tavi leapt up to the lowest branches of the tree , hauling himself into them and started scrambling toward the top , toward the fire halfway there , he hauled himself up and found himself face - to - face with a keeper , which reared back from him in surprise , its mandibles clacking against its shell tavi did n't have time to think his hand flashed to where he 'd put fade 's wickedly curved knife at his belt he slashed it at the creature 's eyes it scuttled back from him tavi followed it , wriggling forward , thrusting the knife at the thing 's face the keeper let out a shriek and fell backward , out of the tree , its limbs flailing it hit the ground twenty feet below with a crunch and a wet - sounding splat , and tavi looked down to see it writhing on its back , legs flailing , its broken body trailing glowing fluids out onto the forest floor tavi heard more keepers coming he hauled himself up higher into the tree , until he reached a branch bare of the crouch , slender and unable to support his weight farther out along the branch hung the burning blanket fire spread along it , toward the trunk of the tree tavi hacked at the branch with the knife , the steel biting into the soft wood then he gripped the knife in his teeth and hauled at the branch with both hands it swayed and then broke , peeling away from the tree tavi scrambled down , trailing the long branch with its flaming leaves , the oil - soaked blanket , and when he had reached the forest floor , he ran toward kitai the thing crouched over her saw him coming and turned toward him with a hiss , its mandibles spreading wide , along with its chitmous arms though its eyes glittered and reflected the light of the fire from a thousand facets , it had a horribly slime - covered , unfinished look to it , as though it had n't finished becoming whatever it was to be half - born , half - alive , the huge wasp - thing rattled its wings in a furious buzzing sound and whistled to the keepers around them tavi screamed and swung the branch in a broad , clumsy arc , fire trailing the thing hissed and drew back from the flames , jerking its wings back sharply tavi seized on the advantage , shoving forward with the branch and driving the hissing monstrosity back from kitai 's still form the girl lay , pale and silent , her eyes open but unmoving , her chest heaving in labored breaths tavi slipped an arm beneath her and , in a rush of terror , hauled her up onto his shoulder he staggered beneath her weight , but grasped the branch and spun about , wildly swinging the blazing wood and leaves and blanket about him the creature leapt lightly away from him , landing on the wall several yards down from the ropes , horrible eyes focused intently on him oh crows , tavi thought it knows it knows i ' m going for the ropes if he did n't move , he was finished even if the creature did n't leap on him , he would shortly be drowning in keepers even his terrified strength was be ginning to fade , his body to burn under all the effort he had to get kitai to the ropes , at least he could tie her foot and doroga could haul her up doroga tavi looked up to the top of the cliff and saw doroga 's pale form there , staring down at them then the gargant headman shouted , ` ` courage , valleyboy ' '' and vanished back over the lip of the cliff there was still a chance shoving the branch in front of him along the ground , he rushed toward the creature , which scuttled nimbly up the wall , a crab - like sideways motion tavi looked above it , to an outcropping of rock no good he had to get it to move toward him , toward the ropes tavi ground his teeth in frustration on the blade of the knife ` ` oh furies , kitai i hope this works ` ` gracelessly , he dumped the girl onto the ground , then leapt toward and grabbed the nearest rope and started climbing the creature let out a whistle and scuttled toward him he knew that he did not have a chance of escaping it , or of fighting it , there on the ropes , but he took the knife from his teeth and swiped it at the thing it paused , hesitating just out of his reach its horrible head tilted , as though assessing this new threat ` ` doroga ' '' tavi screamed ` ` there it is , there it is ' '' from above came a slow and tortured scream , bellowing in doroga 's basso , filled with anger and defiance tavi would never have believed that a man could lift a boulder that large but doroga appeared at the top of the cliff again , bearing a stone the size of a coffin over his head , arms and shoulders and thighs bulging with effort he flexed the whole of his body , a ponderous motion , and the huge stone hurtled down toward the creature its head abruptly whirled on its neck , whipping around to face directly behind it the creature moved , its wings buzzing , but it was not fast enough to wholly escape the plummeting stone it flashed by tavi , missing him by the breadth of a few fingers the creature leapt away from the wall , but the stone crushed against it , sending it spinning out of the air to land on the ground many yards away the stone itself hit the ground and shattered , chips of rock flying , glowing slime from within the croach hurled into the air as from a fountain hot pain flashed along tavi 's leg , and he looked down to see his trousers cut by a flying piece of stone , blood on his leg from above came doroga 's defiant howl of triumph , a bellowing roar that shook the walls of the chasm the creature let out another whistle , this one higher , filled with fury and , tavi thought , with sudden fear it staggered but could not rise and instead began dragging itself back into the trees , as the glowing eyes of dozens of keepers began to appear behind it tavi dropped the knife , slid down the rope , and ran to kitai he seized her and began dragging her back toward the ropes , grunting with effort but moving quickly , jerking her over the ground ` ` aleran , '' she whispered , opening her eyes her expression was pained , weary ` ` aleran too late venom my father tell him i was sorry ` ` tavi stared down at her ` ` no , '' he whispered ' kitai , no we 're almost out ` ` ` ` it was a good plan , '' she said her head lolled to one side , eyes rolling back ` ` no , '' tavi hissed , suddenly furious ` ` no , crows take you !
the marat reached the wall , where the gate suddenly shook with the blow of a tree trunk being held by a dozen hands , used as a ram .
their bodies are rolled into gullies , shut in the trunks of abandoned cars , harnessed to cement blocks and thrown down to the bottom of lakes .
in some drainage pipe or under some foundation folded into the rusted trunk of an abandoned car or strewn across a forest floor , cameron molders .
we drove slowly through the trees surrounding the old site , our headlights catching on the branches and trunks as we passed .
in yellowstone , fire flowed unchecked , like a river ; it crested a hill and raced down , leaping from treetop to treetop , lapping the trunks in a molten river of flame .
my knees buckled and i slid down the tree trunk to its roots .
i climb up , sticking to the stronger branches close to the trunk , and find a sturdy fork for my bed .
i ' ve rolled sideways off the fork and i ' m facing the ground , held in place by the belt , one hand , and my feet straddling the pack inside my sleeping bag , braced against the trunk .
i lean back against the trunk of my tree , one finger gingerly stroking the sandpaper surface of my tongue , as i assess my options .
i ' m fast , though , and by the time they ' ve reached the base of my trunk , i ' m twenty feet up .
i 'll have to saw off the branch at the trunk and send the whole thing down .
by her position , leaning up against the trunk of the tree , i 'd guess glimmer was supposed to be on guard , but fatigue overcame her .
then i spot the tip of a child 's boot just peeking out from behind the trunk of a tree .
then one of rue 's eyes edges around the trunk .
fortunately , i pull my bow at the last second and it sticks in an oak trunk to his left .
the trunk is too wide and icy to shinny up , though , and there are no low branches .
most of the trees are unfamiliar , with smooth trunks and few branches .
finnick 's hand comes up and hits me so hard , so squarely in the chest that i go flying back into a nearby tree trunk .
i make my way up the twisting boughs , staying as close to the trunk as possible .
as i cling to a stretch of trunk no wider than a sapling , swaying back and forth in the humid breeze , my suspicions are confirmed .
in my stillness , i begin to notice the animals : strange birds with brilliant plumage , tree lizards with flickering blue tongues , and something that looks like a cross between a rat and a possum clinging on the branches close to the trunk .
i look at the sinewy green trunks around me .
then i think of the spile and wrest it from the tree trunk .
i flail around , trying to use vines and trunks to right myself .
we can hardly see him , but the sound of his knife against the wooden trunk is crystal clear .
i ' ve never seen one before - i thought they no longer existed - and for a moment , as i lean against the trunk of the tree , clutching the stitch in my side , i examine it .
the trunk must be four feet in diameter and the limbs do n't even begin until twenty feet up .
then they stand on either side of the tree , passing the spool back and forth as they wrap the wire around and around the trunk .
i carefully rise to my feet and find i ' m in a patch of the stuff that caught on a trunk on its way back to the lightning tree .
the tree swims into view , its trunk festooned with gold .
i ' m on my feet , moving back into the trees , resting my hand on the rough trunk of a maple where the birds perch .
i sigh and lean back against the trunk .
as he relieved himself against the tree trunk , he tried to make sense of the alien 's behavior .
wide - branched perdida willows with black trunks shaped like half - melted women ; towering pescados blancos , named for the paleness of their leaves and the oceanic scent of their sap ; halfmobile colonies of coral moss with bright pink skeletons peeking out from beneath the rich green flesh .
the alien considered ramon , its quills stirring in a way that made ramon think it was both amused and exhausted , then trudged to the wide , thick trunk of a fire - oak with leaves as wide as ramon 's two hands together and bark that collapsed with a sound like packing foam when maneck leaned against it .
daerils came in many types , but this one had deep violet skin and arms as thick as tree trunks .
a headshot of susan day had been pasted over dumbo 's face , carefully cut to allow for the trunk .
doc # 3 was leaning against the trunk of joe wyzer 's ford , mcgovern 's panama tipped jauntily back on his bald skull .
large splotches of atropos 's spoor gleamed like sick paint on the trunks of the trees now pressing in close to the tracks , and there were pools of it in some of the sunken dips between the old rads - places where crossties had once been , ralph supposed .
a portly joker , his nose replaced by a long trunk ending in several tiny fingers , broke from the edges of the crowd like a calving iceberg , and chugged toward tachyon .
bagabond leaned back against a broad tree trunk , kicked off her shoes , and concentrated on directing her animals .
there were green trees with trunks of dark smoke : their leaves opened like a whole spring unfolding in a moment , and their shining branches dropped glowing flowers down upon the astonished hobbits , disappearing with a sweet scent just before they touched their upturned faces .
their great trunks ran like pillars down each side .
the elves sat round the fire upon the grass or upon the sawn rings of old trunks .
looking ahead they could see only tree - trunks of innumerable sizes and shapes : straight or bent , twisted , leaning , squat or slender , smooth or gnarled and branched ; and all the stems were green or grey with moss and slimy , shaggy growths .
enormous it looked , its sprawling branches going up like reaching arms with many long - fingered hands , its knotted and twisted trunk gaping in wide fissures that creaked faintly as the boughs moved .
these they heaped against the trunk on the far side of the tree from the prisoners .
great shadows fell across them ; trunks and branches of trees hung dark and threatening over the path .
the travellers reached a low ridge crowned with ancient holly - trees whose grey - green trunks seemed to have been built out of the very stone of the hills .
their great grey trunks were of mighty girth , but their height could not be guessed .
he sprang lightly up from the ground and caught a branch that grew from the trunk high above his head .
the branches of the mallorn - tree grew out nearly straight from the trunk , and then swept upward ; but near the top the main stem divided into a crown of many boughs , and among these they found that there had been built a wooden platform , or flet as such things were called in those days : the elves called it a talan .
suddenly they turned away , and a shadowy figure slipped round the trunk of the tree and vanished .
he entered behind haldir , and found that he was in a chamber of oval shape , in the midst of which grew the trunk of the great mallorn , now tapering towards its crown , and yet making still a pillar of wide girth .
at any rate the arms , at a short distance from the trunk , were not wrinkled , but covered with a brown smooth skin .
looking back , the hobbits saw that the trees in the court had also begun to glow , faintly at first , but steadily quickening , until every leaf was edged with light : some green , some gold , some red as copper ; while the tree - trunks looked like pillars moulded out of luminous stone .
they held their great shields above them like a roof , while in their midst they bore two trunks of mighty trees .
he would not rest on the ground so near the evil road , and after some debate they all climbed up into the crotch of a large holm - oak , whose thick branches springing together from the trunk made a good hiding - place and a fairly comfortable refuge .
she stopped dead and ducked back behind an old tree trunk .
nicko peered around the tree trunk .
moist found himself staring up at two terracotta - coloured legs that were as thick as tree trunks .
a familiar strip of gray cloth , one single tassel , hanging over the trunk 's side .
spook leaned against the scraggly tree trunk , looking around at things elend could n't see .
he turned and glanced at his koloss army , who waited like the trunks of dark trees in the distance .
wayne leaned back against one of the tree trunks , smiling .
` ` hawthorne was engulfed by the trunk of that tree over there , '' rhys said .
it looked like a storm , if storms could hover against the tops of trees and drape like black silk dripping between the trunks .
getting choked was n't something michael looked forward to , especially when he had an arm the size of a tree trunk pinned against his throat .
his thighs were like tree trunks in black leather pants .
the man 's arms were the size of tree trunks and he was looking at us like he was n't happy in the least bit to see us .
the same strange designs i 'd seen in the gazebo were etched into many of the sturdy trunks , a seamless , twisting loop with four dots in the middle .
the stalks - one could hardly call them trunks - rose smooth and round , and surprisingly thin , for about forty feet : above that , the huge plants opened into a sheaf - like development , not of branches but of leaves , leaves large as lifeboats but nearly transparent .
above this were the taller growths - strange trees with tube - like trunks of grey and purple spreading rich canopies above his head , in which orange , silver , and blue were the predominant colours .
here , with the aid of the tree trunks , he could keep his feet more easily .
they were very unlike any terrestrial species , for the base of the head was noticeably wider than the foremost part of the trunk .
but then the trunk itself grew thicker again towards the tail .
something had torn a widening wound backward - as we do in opening an envelope - along the trunk and pulled it out so far behind the animal that the hoppers or hind legs had been almost torn off with it .
the golden light , glinting through indigo trunks of trees , told him in which direction the water lay .
he came on his old friend the dragon , just as he had first seen it , coiled about the trunk of a tree , but it also was asleep ; and now he noticed that ever since he awoke he had perceived no chattering of birds , no rustling of sleek bodies or peering of brown eyes through the leafage , nor heard any noise but that of water .
for a second or so it was concealed from him by the tree trunks .
he was approaching a forest of little trees whose trunks were only about two and a half feet high ; but from the top of each trunk there grew long streamers which did not rise in the air but flowed in the wind downhill and parallel to the ground .
he was approaching a forest of little trees whose trunks were only about two and a half feet high ; but from the top of each trunk there grew long streamers which did not rise in the air but flowed in the wind downhill and parallel to the ground .
ice dodged around the trunk of the tree and sent sabelle another demanding glare , mouthing , ` ` please . ''
a massive dining table rested in front of it , its pedestal carved from a gnarled , massive tree trunk .
they came in a glade to an old hollow oak tree covered with moss , and trufflehunter tapped with his paw three times on the trunk and there was no answer .
peter , who had been looking up to see if he could spot a squirrel , had seen what it was - a long cruel arrow had sunk into a tree trunk just above his head .
lucy had a glimpse of tall and lovely wood - gods and wood - goddesses all bowing to the lion ; next moment they were trees again , but still bowing , with such graceful sweeps of branch and trunk that their bowing was itself a kind of dance .
great , strong trunks of ivy came curling up all the piers of the bridge , growing as quickly as a fire grows , wrapping the stones round , splitting , breaking , separating them .
his arm became a branch , his body the trunk of a tree , his feet took root .
twice , wide swaths of woodland had been burned black , down to the very soil , and the charred remains of vord armor and bits of tree trunk were all that remained , evidence of the fury of the knights and lords of ceres .
everyone turned to regard the barbarian , who stood beside his huge gargant , leaning his shoulders against walker 's tree trunk of a leg .
between them they could have carried a small car back to camp if it would have fit between the trees as they dodged and wove through the closely packed trunks .
thom , nearest the back of the trunk , shot the three of them a wink and slipped out into the darkness .
overnight every counting pine readjusted its genetic code to produce , at about eye - level on its trunk , in pale letters , its precise age .
the six counting pines in this clump were listening to the oldest , whose gnarled trunk declared it to be thirty - one thousand , seven hundred and thirty - four years old .
rosie was afraid to climb over it ; gouges and splinters and jags of wood stuck up all over the burst trunk .
the vixen looking up as her cubs slept beside her in the lee of the fallen trunk , looking raptly up at the moon with her black eyes .
she did a somersault , sprang dizzily up , and saw norman staring at her over the fallen trunk .
the tall black trunks stood straight up , high as churches , out of the silver carpet , and they were roofed with pale blue leaves that never fell ; so that not even the longest telescope on earth has ever seen those tall trunks or the silverbells beneath them .
the tall black trunks stood straight up , high as churches , out of the silver carpet , and they were roofed with pale blue leaves that never fell ; so that not even the longest telescope on earth has ever seen those tall trunks or the silverbells beneath them .
the great indiarubber trunks of the trees bent and swayed like grasses , and the shadow of their endless branches was thronged with goldfish , and silverfish , and redfish , and bluefish , and phosphorescent fish like birds .
her staff stood in the middle of the hill , stuck into the earth , and as i watched , it grew into a great spreading tree , so old and ancient that its trunk had split and it had died .
a huge oak spread like a roof above my head , its great gnarled trunk big as a house .
the light widened , and i realized it was a door , a door in the trunk of the tree , swinging open .
the wood was dry and felt lifeless , but a few crumbling leaves clung here and there , and the trunk seemed thick for a tree that was barely taller than i .
the trunk of the tree was large enough that it was quite a feat to walk around it to get to the huge jeweled doors of the throne room .
it stood for a second with steele writhing in the curl of its trunk and then dashed him to the floor .
after that it raised head and trunk again and brayed horribly , then plunged straight forward into the room , trumpeting and trampling - continuously trampling like a girl treading grapes , heavily and soon wetly trampling in a mash of blood and bones , of flesh , wine , fruit , and sodden table - cloth .
hirilorn a great beech - tree in the forest of neldoreth with three trunks .
bod stopped beside a grave that looked the way he felt : it was beneath an oak that had once been struck by lightning , and now was just a black trunk , like a sharp talon coming out of the hill ; the grave itself was waterstained and cracked , and above it was a memorial stone on which a headless angel hung , its robes looking like a huge and ugly tree - fungus .
thus suddenly did he lay his hand upon her slender arm beneath the leaves , and with a cry she started away from him and flitted as fast as she could in the wan light , in and about the tree - trunks and the hemlock - stalks .
now falling into talk flinding was overjoyed to have speech with a free noldo , and told many tales of his flight from the uttermost fastness of the mines of melko ; and at length said he : ` ` when i thought myself all but free , lo , i strayed at night unwarily into the midmost of an orc - camp , and they were asleep and much spoil and weighted packs they had , and many captive elves i thought i descried : and one there was that lay nigh to a trunk to which he was bound most grievously , and he moaned and cried out bitterly against melko , calling on the names of urin and mavwin ; and though at that time being a craven from long captivity i fled heedlessly , now do i marvel much , for who of the thralls of angband has not known of urin the steadfast who alone of men defies melko chained in torment upon a bitter peak ? ''
the headstones marched away from them between the bushes ' trunks , but there were no human forms among them .
she had n't imagined the trees so big , with their wide , wide trunks , crazily gnarled branches .
fog oozed between their rugged trunks .
some caught hold of the trunks and swung themselves into lower branches , some ( like the little hobbit ) got behind a tree to shelter from the onslaught of the rocks .
he could not get into any tree , and was scuttling about from trunk to trunk , like a rabbit that has lost its hole and has a dog after it .
he could not get into any tree , and was scuttling about from trunk to trunk , like a rabbit that has lost its hole and has a dog after it .
in a minute there was a whole pack of them yelping all round the tree and leaping up at the trunk , with eyes blazing and tongues hanging out .
maddened and angry they were leaping and howling round the trunks , and cursing the dwarves in their horrible language , with their tongues hanging out , and their eyes shining as red and fierce as the flames .
in the middle there was lying a great oak - trunk with many lopped branches beside it .
their trunks were huge and gnarled , their branches twisted , their leaves were dark and long .
the path itself was narrow and wound in and out among the trunks .
yet the light only showed them endless lines of straight grey trunks like the pillars of some huge twilight hall .
after a good deal of creeping and crawling they peered round the trunks and looked into a clearing where some trees had been felled and the ground levelled .
with that he turned and found that the last space between two tall trees had been closed with a web - but luckily not a proper web , only great strands of double - thick spider - rope run hastily backwards and forwards from trunk to trunk .
with that he turned and found that the last space between two tall trees had been closed with a web - but luckily not a proper web , only great strands of double - thick spider - rope run hastily backwards and forwards from trunk to trunk .
bilbo immediately went to the end of the branch nearest the tree - trunk and kept back those that crawled up .
he had no idea what its burning branches might be , but the trunk was surely his spine .
inside were floors and pillars of milky white marble veined with gold ; the rafters overhead were carved from the bone - pale trunks of weirwoods .
this mighty beech was named hirilorn , and it had three trunks , equal in girth , smooth in rind , and exceeding tall ; no branches grew from them for a great height above the ground .
then in great peril they entered in , and they found turin fettered hand and foot and tied to a withered tree ; and all about him knives that had been cast at him were embedded in the trunk , and he was senseless in a sleep of great weariness .
some of the great oaks were shedding leaves , and half the pines had turned as brown as ser bennis , with rings of dead needles girdling their trunks .
two stout wooden barricades had been thrown across the stream from bank to bank , made from the trunks of trees with the bark still on .
` ` the doublet is a trifle musty from the trunk , but it should serve .
elsewhere the trunks of burned trees thrust like blackened spears into the sky .
their trunks were charred and blackened on one side .
' we 'll be able to get a clacks straight from the big trunk tower .
i got my wish with a vengeance as a pair of hands grabbed his shoulders and threw lewis across the clearing to smash against a tree trunk .
i stalked out the gate , dragging the designer luggage ruthlessly across gravel and sand , and popped the trunk of the black sedan .
i loved driving fast , but this was a little too fast , on a road that snaked like a car commercial and featured oncoming tractor trailers loaded down with raw lumber and giant tree trunks .
but here the poor trees had suffered the impact at point - blank range : they lay like flung matchsticks , trunks burst into flinders .
the wreck of one tremendous oak lay penning them all against the edge of the clearing , dirt still clinging to its roots , and temeraire stood behind it , one foreleg resting on the trunk and his sinuous length towering over them .
below , sir ; below at once , '' he shouted , pointing at the gangway , but sun kai only beckoned his men on , and came climbing up to the dragondeck while they heaved the great trunk up more slowly behind him .
a multitude of rough canoes , many with branches still attached to the trunks from which they had been hollowed , were plying the waters of the harbor , and besides these there could be seen an assortment of brigs and schooners , and at the western end a snow of middling size , with her boats swarming back and forth , crowded with blacks who were being herded along from a tunnel mouth that came out onto the beach itself .
their thrashing tails struck everywhere , knocking over potted trees and scalping a mature stand of bamboo with a single stroke ; laurence seized hammond 's arm and dragged him ahead of the crashing hollow trunks as they collapsed down upon the chairs with an echoing drum - like clatter .
the iron girdle , and the chain that went from it about the gaunt trunk ( there was no bark on the tree ) hung there and made a dull noise from time to time as they moved with the wind .
the trees were not of a sort which would be easily amenable to burning , either , nor to being knocked down : these were not small scrubby creatures , despite their queerly peeling trunks , but old giants , prime timber ; laurence had seen half - a - dozen which could have made the allegiance a new mainmast .
the only trees to be seen looked dark stick - like things against the fading sky , much like the brushes mr . fellowes used for scrubbing the harness - buckles or carabiners : long thin trunks like young saplings and a small lump of twiggy branches and small leaves atop .
they all warily disembarked , and unloaded the dragons ; then temeraire reared up on his hind legs and set his claws into the side of the rising dune and pulled it down , cascading sand and the narrow trees sliding askew , to bury all the dark gaping mouths : the tunnels vanished beneath the spill of darker red earth , and they all beat down upon it with the backs of shovels , to trample it flat and smooth , and then without any orders , the men began to roll over whatever rocks of any size they could find , and the toppled trunks , to make an entrenched border around the site .
thick trunks stood shoulder - to - shoulder , and the sky overhead had grown dim with cloud cover .
the ground was thick with discarded brown needles , the sky broken by the towering trunks .
it was progressing nicely , the men setting thick tree trunks into freshly dug troughs .
mat stopped beside a tall pine , its lowest branches a good two feet above his head , leaning against the trunk .
the tree trunks looked emaciated .
they did n't seem to be rotting , and now that he was closer , he could better see the ash - gray fuzz among the lichen that coated their trunks and branches .
when people went looking , all they found was a twisted , leafless tree with a gray - white trunk that smelled of sulphur .
perrin moved past trunks and ferns , barely feeling the ground beneath his feet .
the stag bolted to the right , and young bull leaped , hitting an upright tree trunk with all four paws and pushing himself sideways to change directions .
the trees had thick trunks and were of no species he could recognize .
young bull leaped to the side , paws against the tree trunks pushing him when he turned .
ahead was a large oak tree ; the trunk thick and wide enough to hide someone .
the tree was downwind , and he could n't catch the scent of- a hand suddenly jutted out from behind the trunk , holding a brown sack .
he rounded the tree 's trunk and found a figure in a high - collared red coat - trimmed with gold - and fine brown trousers sitting on the tree 's exposed roots , the sack squirming near his ankles .
she sighed , walking over to avendesora 's trunk , then looking up through its web of branches .
she rested her head back against the trunk of the tree .
and not just any trees : they were towering , healthy , huge - limbed , beautiful trees , hundreds of feet tall with massive trunks .
people were walking among the massive trunks : soldiers from the various camps , staring upward .
she approached a group of towering creatures , like trees themselves , standing with their hands on the gnarled trunks of the trees rand had grown , their eyes closed .
flashes of light reflected off dim tree trunks .
many of the trees had been shattered into splintered trunks .
stalks of dead grain , fragments of tree trunks , gobs of mud and slivers of rock - all were slowly being pulled toward those gluttonous black clouds .
as the trollocs reached the middle of the pass , the aiel on both sides untied piles of oiled tree trunks - there were so many dead trees in forests now that ituralde had had no trouble fetching them through gateways - and lit them aflame .
around him , the storm raged , the bark ripping from tree trunks , their limbs already stripped away .
laras gestured to the trunk .
interlude on the island , the storm strips hundred - year - old trees bare , then snaps the trunks and throws them with lethal force into every man - made structure in the way .
cherise and kevin were sitting on the trunk , huddled together under a yellow rain poncho held like a tent .
` ` uh - huh , '' she said , in a bright , almost normal tone , and slid off the trunk to go around to the driver 's side .
the two musclemen were having a time of it , shuffling along hunched against the wind ; they got to one of two giant palm trees that were bending and thrashing like rubber toys and threw me up against the rough trunk , facing out .
muscleman number one grabbed a roll of duct tape out of his jacket pocket and started wrapping it around me , sarah , the tree trunk .
he 's huge , arms like trunks , but only slightly bigger than me .
the oldest olives no longer bore fruit , and some were hollowed out , big hulking gray sentinels with wild young trees taking root in their emptied trunks .
he was laughing out loud , singing nonsense syllables , roaming , staggering , and then scaling a tree again , as high as he could go , the rain falling like needles on his eyes , until the trunk was too thin for his weight and he had to seek another perch and then another and descend once more to dance in circles with his arms out .
and he could well imagine how lovely this would be when the sun came , and the dark forest which he could see would close in visibly for human eyes with its reddish trunks and feathery green leaves .
the body too was shrinking and darkening , the trunk particularly , though the feet were shriveling to nubs .
these trees were thick and gnarled , and the ground beneath them soft and speckled with yellow and green and brown leaves , and the ivy grew rampant over many a massive trunk and up into the winding , reaching branches .
he was breathing easy against the trunk of the monstrous tree .
night came , and the towers were covered in glowing lights , sparkling and winking amid the dark trunks of the trees and the immense branches .
reuben for the first time knew the heat of exhaustion in the wolf - coat , and lay back against the trunk of a tree , panting , and thirsting and scanning for the scent of water .
he turned abruptly and started back , immediately running smack into the trunk of a tree as his foot caught on a root .
rotted crumbling branches and old tree trunks shattered beneath them , the tough fibrous vines whipped and torn by their simplest movements , snakes thrashing wildly through the foliage as the insects swarmed , seeking to blind them or stop them to no avail .
a giant sprawling scrub oak stood just below the house on the edge of the patio and there was an old iron bench circling its immense gray trunk .
the icy pringling covered reuben 's face and head first , then raced over his trunk and limbs , his muscles aching for one split second as they expanded into their glorious new strength and flexibility .
far off somewhere in the darkness there came a violent cracking sound as of a branch broken from a trunk .
i covered my face with my arms , fully expecting to run headlong into a very wide and very hard tree trunk .
the running footfalls came and went , and when they were gone i collapsed against the mossy tree trunk .
we tumbled through the gateway into our world , coming out at the base of the split tree trunk .
i sat down and leaned against the trunk of the tree .
dad strolled across the street and into the park , and then he ducked behind a large tree trunk .
her hand brushed lightly against its trunk , causing tiny wood pieces to splinter her palm .
the abruptness of his declaration had taken her so much by surprise , that if she had nt clutched a nearby tree trunk when she did , she felt sure she would have fainted away .
this did nt worry robert so much as he knew the trees were so tall that he could easily pass underneath the lowest of branches , but there were other dangers that he might encounter , like fallen trunks , small saplings or large puddles from the recent rains .
too quickly they were crashing through the forest proper and then there was one of those dangers , a fallen gigantic tree trunk .
he cursed colorfully when he realized he could nt put any weight at all on his leg and needed the support of the trunk of a sapling to get up .
tis in the trunk .
he stared off through the eucalyptus trunks .
i was lolling with my back against a eucalyptus trunk .
seated against a tree trunk , diane propped elbows on long levi thighs and watched the river .
he lifted tree trunk arms .
culann put away the horn and tried to lever the first tree trunk over the small restraining stones with his staff .
from the tree line not 50 paces from the hunting party a large long tree trunk careered into view , its thin top whipping menacingly as it bounced unevenly downhill with ever increasing speed .
upon the heels of the run - away tree trunk came a young fianna warrior leaping through the high grass which had been partly flattened by the preceding tree .
[ codex - ( latin caudex for ' trunk of a tree ' ) is a book in the format used for modern books , with multiple sheets of paper or vellum in multiples of two which are folded and stitched through .
she sank back to her kneeling position on the floor and held onto the corner of the trunk for support .
instead , each column was a tree trunk , glazed in silver .
all hera and hebe could do was watch as the trunk grew up and out .
the tree trunk should have been strong and enduring , but instead the bark was withered , almost diseased .
the trunk began to crackle in front of athena , and then it split altogether , the broken seam running the height of the trunk .
the trunk began to crackle in front of athena , and then it split altogether , the broken seam running the height of the trunk .
even after a few seconds , persephone could still hear the whistles in the distance , echoing off a thousand tree trunks .
then , bit by bit , the tree began to give in , the roots surface , and the trunk began its long fall to the ground .
he lumbered off stiff as a tree trunk with his head bowed and dark robe pulled about him .
persian axes dig into the pale flesh of tender trunks , leaving holy groves desolate .
i 'll see to it that he , my husband , not cleave it from the trunk . ''
searching for keladeine , she followed after the warriors into the trench and up the other side through the stockade wall made of stones and tree trunks and crowned with spikes .
keith sank down and sat on the tree trunk to catch his breath .
his spare , muscular form was visible only as a shadow against the darker black of the night , leaning negligently against the trunk of a spanish oak , arms folded .
the creatures of the wood shared her branches , the hollows of her trunk .
getting out his bow and an arrow , he d slipped behind a large tree trunk to wait .
he mechanically logged hawksworth 's chest in his account book and then signaled the bosun to stow the heavy wooden trunk into the pinnace .
when he reached the top he locked his legs around the trunk and carefully detached an earthen pot that hung beneath an incision in the bark of the tree .
elizabethans circulated fabulous tales about this mountainous beast , that it could pull down great trees with the power of its trunk , that it had two heartsone it used when calm , the other when incensedand that in ethiopia there were dragons who killed elephants merely to drink their blood , said to be ice cold at all times .
then he heard the snap of the tiger 's spine , as kumada slammed it again and again against the massive trunk of the tree , only when the tiger was motionless did she let it drop , carefully tossing its body away from hawksworth as it tumbled lifeless onto the grass .
suddenly it whipped its trunk about the man 's torso and lifted him squirming into the air , holding him firmly against its banded tusks .
before he could gain his footing , the elephant was there again , seizing him once more with its leathery trunk and again slamming him to the ground .
as he watched the line of giant animals winding their way through the camp , waving their trunks in the morning air , he realized they were not docile female zenana elephants , but male war elephants , first and second rank .
around them were the shapes of the zenana guard elephants , silently swinging their trunks beneath their armor .
any luckless infantryman caught in his path would be seized in his trunk and flung viciously aside , or simply crushed beneath his feet .
its entrance was guarded by a row of life - sized stone elephants rising out of the water , their trunks raised above their heads in silent salute .
caribbee the caribbean 1638 the men had six canoes in all , wide tree trunks hollowed out by burning away the heart , indian style .
its trunk was flanked on each side by the outline of an elephant tusk , another symbol of the yoruba god .
at that moment a long trunk of lightning illuminated the open doorway , followed by a crack of thunder that shook the pole supporting the thatched roof .
she watched for a time , collecting her composure after the ride up from bridgetown , then tied her mare to the trunk of a bullet - scarred palm and began working her way down the sandy slope toward the breastwork .
he helped her down beneath the shade of a spreading manchineel tree , kicking away several of the poisonous apples that lay rotting around the trunk .
her mare had already trotted ahead , into the shade of a tall palm whose trunk emerged from behind a rocky embankment .
as she laid them against the trunk of the palm , she noticed they were still smeared with powder residue from that day at the jamestown breastwork .
it was hard to judge with the curls and the crown but he had at least an inch on yesugei , perhaps up to two , which yesugeis people were nt used to see but narrow as a stick , where their captain was a wide trunk of a tree no contest , if matters came to a wrestle .
others , they see a bigger branch off the trunk of ambaghai , and i ve heard , i ve heard a lot of , we can go to tarqutai and come back to yesugeis .
elsewhere was a hardy fir that stood bolt upright in the battery ; however , the trunk had branches only on one side , stretched out due south , while its weather front was bald and scabby .
the camouflage he used to creep up on temujin and jochi , solemnly ahunt , and start from the bushes in front of them with honks and hoots and yawps and yowls , with flaps and jiggles and waddles , with lumbers and lopes and knuckle - runs and trumpeting trunks .
glued against pinky he gazed at the trunks , bark split and peeled with age , the splayed tufts at the end of the branches like fingers , he smelt a mist of their fragrance and said directly to the cedars since he did nt know who had helped him grandfathers , your care for me is far past my power of return .
she watched in disbelief as geoffrey tethered the horse to a branch , sat against the tree trunk , and promptly fell asleep .
mary was forty feet up now and standing on a bough , looking at the tree trunk with horror on her face .
she propped herself up by a large bough that stretched approximately forty feet out from the main trunk at waist level before it reached the ground and from there projected itself up again , spreading out into the vast canopy of branches and leaves .
boughs branched out in all directions from a main trunk that was so thick , with all three holding hands they could barely reach all the way around .
she walked forward and looked at the main trunk , trying to catch anyone spying on her from around it .
she walked back to the main trunk and started to climb the tree .
she felt the trunk and the bough beneath her moving .
behind her the main trunk appeared to be the width of a large house .
under the oaks great canopy and near its trunk , laurel removed his white ominous klu - klux - klan outfit , revealing the big smile on his face .
he reached for the handgun in his bag as mike and fred scrambled to hide behind the tree trunk .
he lumbered over to its trunk and dropped the bags and his whole body with a thump .
he looked back around the tree trunk and through the foliage .
he climbed onto the bough himself and struggling against the trunk , he lifted the bags on top of the next highest bough .
he walked around the tree trunk slowly , staring up from bough to bough and made sure thomas was nt anywhere in the tree .
angelina ducked under the canopy and stared up at the trunk and boughs she had climbed a few days before after a mischievous owl .
angelina walked over to the trunk and wrapped her arms around the lowest bough and lifted herself up .
as they progressed back towards the trunk they came across a long trail of ants as large as her shoes .
angelina held onto the bough above her and stepped closer to the trunk .
at the oak she circled around once to be sure no one else was there and went under its canopy to the trunk .
the massive trunk was hard to lose sight of , so she was nt that worried .
she began to notice that rather than the bough getting smaller and branching out into many smaller twigs and leaves , it seemed to go on and on , connecting to other boughs and trunks that seemed to go off in other directions , like it was one interconnecting maze .
she came eventually to a large trunk where the bough ended and looked down .
the man jolted back against the trunk and slumped forward , lifeless .
this one had boughs that stretched far out and to the ground and had them coming off the main trunk in various directions , like an open invitation of natural steps for anyone to climb .
behind him he saw the massive tree trunk with a beautifully carved oval door on the side .
she reached the tree trunk and started to climb as fast as she could .
he wiped more blood from his one good eye and ran around the trees trunk , his gun pointed upwards , trying to find her .
they had climbed up several branches with the ease of walking up a staircase in a tall building and were now heading along a bough back towards the main trunk .
they arrived at the main trunk , high up from the ground , where an oval door had been carved in the oak .
as they all hurried from the den and back down the trunk , angelina heard police sirens in the distance .
he tried to focus his sights upwards at its mangled boughs and branches , stretching out from a trunk that was mighty strong and impervious to anything nature threw at it .
exhilaration swept over him as he effortlessly climbed the trees trunk and ran down a large bough , his face beaming and his arms stretched out wide .
angelina arrived at the tree , parked the bike beside the trunk and climbed it like she had done before .
viruses are attacking its root and trunk system , which it is no longer able to fend off .
the trunk and the main boughs were a charred , smoking mess .
angelina balanced herself against the tree trunk to free her other hand and attempted to pull it apart .
finally they stood on solid ground , amidst a stream of humanity , trunks piled at their feet and the strange , forbidding landscape rising up all around them .
the somber trunk , thick and gray and brownly furrowed .
this time he did not shift his gaze back to the tree , instead he held the spot firmly at the edge of sight , and only when he was certain of the spot , he again approached the stocky trunk , and now , yes , he finally saw them , letters .
l. trevor stepped up to the trunk and traced it slowly for john to se .
he fell against the trunk , then almost to the ground .
the storm , however , was not a kind one , and with darkness , and the falling temperature , the driving rain turned sleet and seemed to know just how to get around even tightly standing trunks to find her face and hands and legs .
traced last lightly , and fell forward against the trunk .
for as colin leaned against the trunk , and then embraced it , the tree , with its lower branches , curled down and embraced the boy .
crossed a narrow field , and stepped in among the trunks and softer light .
rested my forehead against the trunk of a spindly ash and willed the beat of my heart to slow .
she slapped her palms against the trunk of her car .
they were standing naked , leaning on the wide trunk , and mixing each others natural juices , as gera whispered to athaliah .
they bound the horses to trees trunks , planted in the avenue leading to the gate .
a few horses and donkeys had been parking near the camps gate , tied to trees trunks .
the prophet arriver in beth els temple , and tied the donkey to a trunk of a terebinth tree thereby .
they were chewing the remainders of grey grass , and goats were peeling a young trees trunk or remnants of rotten fruits and vegetables .
small sharpened stones and trees trunks were scattered there , and some men were already seated on them .
after popsicle stepped around the fords trunk , he positioned the springfield on his shoulder and sighted points of impact on both sides of the lawn .
huw leant his back against the trunk and amy lay stretched out on the grass .
sunlight fell through the canopy of leaves and dappled the lichened trunks and mossed boulders that bordered the narrowing stream .
when they reached the wood it was cool under the trees and a few wisps of mist still curled around the tree trunks .
trees , mostly oaks , clung to the sides of the gulley by means of their exposed roots and the boughs met above so that the air was cool and damp under a green roof and everything , the trunks and roots of the trees and the rocks to which they clung , was coated with thick green moss .
she helped her daughter down to the little beach where they sat on a fallen tree trunk .
she rolled over on her side and watched a squirrel jump onto the trunk of a maple and wait , tail curled , listening .
when we reached the tree cover i stopped and sat against a large tree - trunk .
someone stepped behind a large tree trunk .
speedily , each is spread across the trunk of an unmarked car , patted down , and handcuffed .
splayed on the trunk , jared strains to see but ca nt .
the markers were pretty crude just tree trunks stripped of bark and aligned in a way to attract notice but they were fairly confident they could remember them on the return trip .
growing weary she entered a small grove of cotton wood trees to find a fallen tree trunk offering a place to sit and think .
now it was a huge tree with two stones imbedded in its trunk .
a second shot ricocheted off rocks high over head as adam clambered up and swung around , pausing where an old ponderosa pine , trunk split generations before , reached high .
losing sight of petra in the woods , adam squinted , separating dim shadow from tree trunks , identifying sharp rock edges which faded easily against bland , ordinary backgrounds .
jumping lightly , he caught a branch , swung up and hooked a heel over it , shimmying with his back to the ground until reaching the trunk where he released his feet .
pike watched , sensing the uncertainty then eased over a downed tree trunk , dropping lightly to the ground .
the line of acacias along the bank were the obelisks , the two palms that crossed trunks served as the pylon and the river itself figured as his courtyard , shrine and sacred lake .
while her left side shone with dawnlight , a sycamores trunk shadowed her right half .
the boys hung off the holy lance like bees on a beehive but the spear had stuck deep in the trunk and would not move one bit .
steve sat on a tree trunk in front of the hostel .
a tree trunk appeared in the floods and moved rapidly towards the mans boat .
i hid behind a large oak and leaned against the trunk to catch my breath .
he was running between three trees , touching each trunk , then repeating the course over and over .
not knowing exactly what to expect , emily and sarah got down and hid behind the trunks of a couple of trees while the men drew their guns and cautiously moved forward .
the three clambered over fallen trunks and avoided tree roots that threatened to trip them .
at intervals of about six feet along the wall and partly set into it , crucks made from roughly dressed tree trunks arose from stone pediments a few inches above the floor to the wall top where they were jointed with wooden pegs to the couples - less sturdy trunks - of the roof .
at intervals of about six feet along the wall and partly set into it , crucks made from roughly dressed tree trunks arose from stone pediments a few inches above the floor to the wall top where they were jointed with wooden pegs to the couples - less sturdy trunks - of the roof .
two men , carrying a rough ladder , newly made from slender birch trunks and thonged with heather root , crawled towards the rampart .
the ladder , roughly fashioned from young birch trunks bound with cord shook alarmingly at every step .
the ash tree was some ten feet to the south of the ledge and almost thirty feet above where rob stood , therefore it was necessary to secure the top of the ladder so that it could be hauled up to where soladair had tied himself to the short , sturdy trunk .
gripping the trunk , he slides over to my branch and sits behind me .
he climbs around the front of me and pushes me back up against the trunk of the tree .
alex followed suit on the other side of the tree trunk , taking what cover the fallen tree could provide .
* * * * alex that ll slow em down a wee bit , said hugh as he watched the loyalists scouts arrive at his hastily constructed abatis made of interlocked tree trunks lying across the trail .
the english oak tree was named the royal oak in 1651 because king charles ii of england hid inside the trunk of a rotted out oak tree after he was defeated by the forces of oliver cromwell at the battle of worcester .
as the lightning charge travelled down the trunk toward the ground , it also travelled out its lowest bough to nellys wand .
i ca nt look at him , ca nt be this close to him so i stand and walk away , my eyes trained on the nearest tree trunk , my heart thumping with shock and embarrassment .
i take one step away from him , two , three , and my shoulder blades slam into the thick trunk of the tree at my back .
i say when i m close enough to realize the larger of the twothe one with the tusksis nearly as tall as i am , and its four legs appear solid as tree trunks beneath its ample bulk .
take hold of the trunk and blow into it , like this .
i ask as i take the trunk of the small - tusked elephant and blow gently into it .
the female butts her head against the trader , demanding equal attention , until he pats her trunk .
i had to carry that water all the way from the riv the elephant blows the last drops of water from its trunk right into my face , and i gasp .
i see branches with a few bedraggled leaves still hanging on , entire tree trunks , and even , at the end of one trunk , a mass of roots that must have been torn forcibly from the ground .
i see branches with a few bedraggled leaves still hanging on , entire tree trunks , and even , at the end of one trunk , a mass of roots that must have been torn forcibly from the ground .
still , i m relieved when i hear a welcoming trumpet call and see two gray trunks waving in my direction .
once i m close enough , enise and bilal tickle my face as i dump the water in their trough , and then they quickly abandon me to slurp the water up their trunks and spill it into their mouths .
setting down the empty bucket , i take bilals trunk in my hands and examine the newly cracked , dry edges .
i give enise one last pat and turn to go , but a trunk pokes me between the shoulder blades .
no , waita trunk would nt have such a sharp edge .
bilal butts my side with his trunk , offering me some hay .
i could carve the trunk right there , where the side slopes down , and then the floppy ear but i do nt even have time to think of all this .
i feel around for bilal and enises familiar leathery skin , and i find the nearest of the two lying on its side , legs and trunk outstretched .
his blistered hands stung from the alcohol that trailed down the tip of the bottle , and were tinged rough from the sap of the tree trunks he had pushed through the whining blades at the saw mill .
there were cypress trees with trunks so broad and covered in spanish moss that they looked like skeleton mounds that were stretched tall and anguished , mirroring the surface in a ghostly manner with inhabitants that groaned , duck , duck .. , duck , duck .
he stared at the hedge of bushy palms and tree trunks , and saw a dark figure squeezed between the hull of two trees .
annabelle was telling daniel how they made jelly from the mayhaws , and he commented about their striking trunks and peeling bark .
she hid behind a mossy trunk , alive with ants , until thant had had his fill and rest and now set off again .
he loved this country where the trees sang and danced as the wind passed through them , coloring their leaves and laying soft beds around their trunks .
decision made , fergus and culann quickly climbed the nearby ridge , selected four trees which were taller than culann with trunks a bit thicker than a mans arm and hacked them down .
leaning into it with a practiced rhythm , they pulled it back and forth between them until it had cut most of the way through the hickory trunk .
brad started to gather his jeans , shirt , socks and shoes before taking the bucket and octopus out of the trunk of the olds .
fannys hands were filthy from swinging around tree trunks , her dress grubby and her new ribbon hung unbowed and limp on her dishevelled hair .
marguerite pushed against the top , trying to latch the trunk .
anne sat on the top of the trunk .
will came around the trunk and walked up to richard .
baldwin leaned against annes large trunk .
there is little time , but time enough , the king said in a vain attempt to slow the pile growing in front of the trunk .
richard pointed to annes trunk .
without a word , anne took the path to the trees , skirted around the table of breakfast , removed her glove and laid her hand on the trunk of the nearest tree .
her gaze followed the lines of the trunk up into the branches .
he slid his hand from hers and softly patted the trunk of the tree .
richard nodded , but his attention focused on the figure of anne standing before her trunk .
richard propped himself up with his back against her trunk , and stretched out his legs in front of him .
the trunk is heavier than i expected .
he set her valise on the scarred trunk .
a lone birch trunk stood sentinel near a pocket of water .
jochems coat flapped against his tree trunk thick legs .
the trunks of the palm trees bend over and cover many of the old paths , so you will have to jump over them .
to her amazement she sees wooden trunks lying on the floor of the pool , which she guesses may have fallen from the cave above the water .
still under water and almost out of air , diana picks up a delicate necklace from a pile of precious jewels near one of the cracked trunks .
diana kneels by the trunk , her hair rising , drifting back and forth with the movement of the water , as she gazes at the beautiful necklace .
darn i wanted to get a hand full of gems , each sister thought as they ran past the treasure , trying to follow diana as quickly as they can pushing the low hanging branches out of their way and jumping over the palm tree trunks .
looking where kristen directed her to look jaci comments with a smile , hmmm , they must have fallen out of one of the trunks .
the full trunks will break the planks and fall into the sea .
i used to sit on the trunk of that windblown palm tree over there , watching the sun set , as often as i could as a little girl .
its in the bottom of that trunk over there .
it would go back to the bottom of the trunk and rot there .
he finds a large , overturned oak with a massive trunk .
he strikes the musket against a tree trunk breaking off the useless barrel .
he had my horse and his horse in hand and he was alone as i backed into the tree trunk in utter fear of my life .
he found a tree with a cluster of coconuts above , and taking his shoes and socks off he grabbed hold of the trunk .
on the top of the access slope he assembled a pile of rocks held back by a section of fallen tree trunk .
they made notches on a tree trunk and after about three weeks the score stood 103 to 107 .
with his knife he scored a groove into the palm trunk .
he made his customary mark on the palm tree trunk to show that the package was received and retreated to his lair .
we stepped over to another treeone that was much bigger than the one i had shared with lucio , and we sat at the bottom of the huge , gray tree trunk .
shawn , park across the road , pop the trunk , and then run .
he touched the tree trunk , the bark scratchy and hard .
as he complied , jason looked in that direction and saw a man step out from behind the trunk of a cottonwood tree two dozen yards away and start in his direction .
as a result , its much easier and costs less to cut down a tree and turn the trunks into lumber for use in building houses and businesses .
an ox - powered host arrangement is installed to pick up each granite block as well as gigantic tree trunks , each carefully lowered into the belly of the edith b. i m fascinated by watching workers remove sections of the upper holds flooring and the cross braces that hold the flooring in place , thus allowing these huge tree trunks to be loaded into the lowest deck .
an ox - powered host arrangement is installed to pick up each granite block as well as gigantic tree trunks , each carefully lowered into the belly of the edith b. i m fascinated by watching workers remove sections of the upper holds flooring and the cross braces that hold the flooring in place , thus allowing these huge tree trunks to be loaded into the lowest deck .
the salted fish are the next item to come on board , and they are placed between the secured tree trunks .
that makes sense , i reply as shivers run up and down my spine just thinking about one of those tree trunks breaking loose in a huge storm ; that would be scary !
the general cargo the edith b takes on for delivery to boston includes furs of all types , fancy feathers , bars of pure silver , and some exotic tree trunks to make into fine furniture .
between each pair of pilings , the first of the huge split tree trunks had already been laid across , and now men were beginning to run out the long beams of the first span ; the ten men standing on the first pair of pilings were hauling on the rope , but the beam was already starting to sag towards the water , and the foreman was screaming at the team to pull , pull harder .
the river 's fast ; tree trunks , dead cows , whatever , it all comes down the river .
tarquinius summer came to rome , and the bridge had stood against the spring floods , though the tiber was full of debris washed down from further upstream ; denuded tree trunks , dead animals bloated and pale .
a tree trunk , a capsized boat - that could easily run up against our embankments .
and now he 'd heard it , he was listening for every sound , preternaturally alert ; the wind - rustled leaves of a tree , a grunt as someone turned over in their sleep , the slow creak of a tree trunk bending .
if i carve a tree trunk into juno , it is an image , not a god . ''
once the rustle and crackle of camitlnas ' progress through the brush had died away , there was no sound but the wind in the trees and , from time to time , the groan of a great tree 's trunk bending under its own weight .
how every year , another nail would be knocked into the great tree trunk that stood for each of the hidden gods in the sanctuary .
and there in the back of the shrine , hardly visible through dark and drifting smoke , was the huge goddess , no human figure but the ancient trunk of a tree , with thick layers of white paint crowning it , and dribbled down its deeply etched and gullied sides .
she 'd seen her great - great - grandfather , seated on the great chair cut out of a single tree trunk , beneath the painted sky of his tomb , and made the libation to him the day she completed her first lustrum , as spurinna children always did ; every time she went out of the city , she passed the tumuli of her mother 's family .
true enough , there was the ancient olive , a mass of twisted , fissured trunks growing from a single root , a huge scar on one where a branch must have snapped off ; the road divided around it , and beneath its leafless shade passers - by had left small clay figures , and a couple of oil lamps burned .
the birch and pine and occasional oak trees grew closer together here , and the chunks of rock strewn between the tree - trunks were covered with green moss .
he stopped on top of rock ledge and put his hands for support onto the rough trunk of a pine - tree .
the trunk and the branches of the tree were red with steaming blood and dripping with clots of flesh and brains .
the blood covering the trunk and the branches show that your life will be full of violence and loss and crime .
yngvild ran to the tree and found a stranger sitting at the base of the tree , leaning on the trunk .
the spear tore right through its owner 's torso , then into a tree - trunk ; the dead sogn - fighter hung limply from his spear stuck in the tree .
suddenly it chattered , scolding the frozen humans , then flicked its tail as it scuttled away up the tree trunk .
grettir turned and leant the spear and shield against the trunk of the tree and then turned back to us .
after another few minutes , they drank up and tossed the empty pots towards the trees , cheering or jeering as each man hit or missed a trunk .
some were building a new hut near us and were pounding in the upright posts to make a frame from ash trunks .
we passed the command building , which was three stories high ; its courtyard lined with stone pillars the width of tree trunks and the height of the tallest oaks .
he leaned headfirst into the tree , banging his head against the trunk to knock the images and ideas out of his brain .
his neck and back hurt from leaning against a hard tree trunk , his head rang from all of the abuse , and he was soaked from the morning dew .
the other two sat on a fallen tree trunk , rummaged in their leather bags and came up with half of a round loaf of bread and chunks of strong cheese .
look there , he pointed to a tree whose trunk was tufted in one area with what looked like a brown - grey fur .
her hands smoothed the front leaf and she began at the trunk and read upward to each branch .
a warrior shaped like a tree trunk called out .
but the boy had already ducked back behind the tree and the quarrel tore off a heavy piece of bark as it glanced off the trunk .
the sap in a tree had frozen , and expanded freeze after freeze , until finally , the trunk gave in and exploded .
he pulled a single long , thick , black case out of the trunk and slung it by its strap over his shoulder .
black blood still pulsed from its trunk .
mike was sure that it was another of the fallen , and based on the two large bleeding gaps in its trunk , it was keith .
luke was afraid she would follow it straight into a tree trunk , but the road veered left at the last second .
luke scanned the thick tree trunks , which extended at least ten feet into the air before disappearing behind branches .
luke had never had problems with claustrophobia before , but he began to feel suffocated by the towering trunks .
he ran headfirst into a tree trunk .
colossal tree trunks stretched along the cavern walls to drink from the sprawling lake that surrounded him , proving lara 's theory of an underground water source .
he crossed his tree trunk size arms over his chest .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the equally crawly olive green and dark gold leaves and branches strained towards the lobby , as though trying to claw the inhabitants of the manor into the central red and black maw that was its trunk .
dark brown eyes , the same colour as the trunk of the massive , art nouveau stained glass tree beside them surveyed paul with analytical precision .
we each grabbed a handle on the trunk and lifted .
curtis lumbered over and picked up one end of the trunk .
tall beeches , with round smooth trunks , stood thick and close upon the dry and rising ground ; their boughs met overhead , forming a green continuous arch for miles .
squirrels ran up the trunks as they approached ; they could see many on the ground in among the trees , and passed under others on the branches high above them .
what had once been flourishing roses encouraged to grow along the fence line , were now angry , thorny and rope like twists of trunk and branches that obscured the direct view of the house from the footpath that still faithfully led to it out the front .
i rose and bowed , and she came towards me , a woman of medium weight , strongly built , with her shoulders set back over a broad , deep bosom and a neck well balanced on the trunk as the head is on the neck .
he carried sophia over his shoulder while he scooted around trunks and briar thatches .
clyde twisted his trunk , grimaced , and said , no , not really .
the deep cavern was still roofed by the hollow trunk of the long - dead maple tree .
the monster , who held a machine gun in those deformed hands , suddenly peered around the trunk of the tree and faced the approaching pair .
stephanie led brad over to a large , dead tree trunk that had fallen to the ground .
burying it under the dead tree trunk where he had lost it would be the next best thing .
the velocity of descending the slope was enough force for the 90 - degree , bent tree trunk to penetrate the glass and make contact with brian 's face .
she backed at an angle towards the forest in hopes to see what the crazed monster was doing in his trunk .
look and i turned to see , just beyond the trunks and hordes of moss , a glimmer of light coming through the darkness like a beacon .
most of them live in burrows , but some inhabit the trunks of the great trees ; and although they live mostly on fungi it is muttered that they have also a slight taste for meat , either physical or spiritual , for certainly many dreamers have entered that wood who have not come out .
threading now the low phosphorescent aisles between those gigantic trunks , carter made fluttering sounds in the manner of the zoogs , and listened now and then for responses .
on one side of the church extends a wide woody dell , along which raves a large brook among broken rocks and trunks of fallen trees .
its limbs were gnarled and fantastic , large enough to form trunks for ordinary trees , twisting down almost to the earth , and rising again into the air .
it appeared to be some sort of willow , with thick strands of leaves hanging down , almost obscuring the trunk from view .
harney was making his way toward the trunk , which was split almost in two , a massive crack running from the base up until where the branches began to come out .
he just pointed straight ahead , at the trunk .
i plunged into the fire and bounced off the solid stone that awaited me at the top , slithering up the elephants trunk and flying into his gaping maw .
her thighs melded into a tree trunk and her feet formed a tight canopy of leaves .
long stretches of bare tree trunks flashed in the headlights as we passed .
the poor thing bent onto the groundthe trunk a pulp of splinters and ruined wood .
lena charged at a tree , jumped , and ran up the trunk like jet li .
she pushed off from the trunk , soared towards a branch , and caught herself on it .
with the much - reduced snowfalls of recent years , the trunk had nt been flushed out by the spring flood .
they generally live in damp terrain , such as under stones , or at the base of tree trunks .
the warm illumination on the tree trunks invited their curiousity and promised good things to eat .
she aimed and shot , hitting the tree trunk slightly to the left .
she pulled it back on the bow and aimed , concentrating a bit harder on hitting the same tree in the middle of its trunk .
they ran far enough away from the cave when apollo found a massive tree trunk .
-5- apollo slid down the tree trunk onto his butt and buried his face into his hands .
their pace was steady , dodging around the low - hanging tree branches and maneuvering between massive tree trunks .
sophie moved to the other side of the tree trunk where she could see apollos silhouette .
she touched the oaks trunk .
he peeked around the trunk of the tree .
the car shuddered slightly , like something had crawled onto the trunk .
fir darrig , or shape shifters , dwelt in the hollowed - out trunks of dead trees .
it was coming from the trunk of the sedan .
he punched me in the neck and i fell into the needles of an evergreen , slamming my head against the trunk .
kara eventually found her , quite a ways off the trail , in a hole in the trunk of a giant douglas fir , one that was big enough to hold two or three junkies of average girth .
we found the place , that large douglas fir far off the trail , with a hole in its trunk just big enough to bury the love of my life .
after callum had gone and come back with the shovels , we dug a little place for her in the earth that lined the floor of the hole , digging it deeper and deeper until there was no dirt left , and the shoots of the trunk came together again .
only with his eyes of blue fire could he see the blackened trunk before them , so thick and massive its girth filled the horizon .
whimly and emily huddled together against a thick trunk of oak , a cape draped over both of their heads .
with her back cushioned against the moss covered trunk , she thought of how far she had yet to go , and what awaited her at lock core .
the bark ridges running up the trunk were as thick as brice , and though leafless and rotting , the tree reached the apex of the tower 's interior , nearly bursting through the arched rib shaped trusses well over twenty stories up .
in order to see the top of the trunk , brice had to squint .
the elf led them straight toward the gigantic tree where , hidden in the weave and shadows of its many exposed roots , they saw a cleft in its base , a split in the trunk large enough for even a boulder dwarf to squeeze through .
except for the light above , everything was dead and black , nothing but shadows and a cylindrical trunk forever rising toward the light .
they joined the shadows , climbing up its hollow trunk .
chapter 16 beyond limits it was day , but in the shade of the one tree there was no sun , only an endless blackened trunk that rose to the sky .
a mesh of gnarled roots thick as normal trees , sprang from the earth , surrounding the trunk for miles .
even the spiral stairway that wrapped around the ancient tree trunk was packed with people , many dangling off the sides like ornaments .
dripping with blood and sweat , gunt filled the crack in the trunk while bent and battered armored figures laid scattered about his feet , the bodies slow to regenerate and renew their attacks considering they had been reduced to mush .
from their height , the undead blended as one , forming a black blob crawling up the foot of the trunk .
an unbelievable throw of fire wound the trunks where his / her aggressors were hidden .
xxiv saint had spent the night huddled in the big concave trunk of a redwood plurisecolare .
ax to the hand , dafne had inserted with the shoulders against a trunk and it seemed to have all the intentions to do foolish of it .
he protected ahead suddenly him the scene of a group of men that they uselessly tried to move an enormous trunk demolished by the earthquake , that crushed the legs of a little boy .
june 15 22:50 crouched at the base of the trunk , less than three feet from the collapsed edge , luca had to fight against himself not to jump the metal fence , plunge in the garden of the house and tear to pieces the stupid beast that would not stop barking .
he sniffed the trunk , relaxed his bladder and flooded the earth with stinky piss .
` ` let 's move , '' riccardo said , taking cover behind the trunk of a tree .
the sea of leaves , of branches , of trunks , of serpents it kept on rippling .
on one side of its gargantuan trunk , a rotten platform rested in the thick , chaotic branches .
he shoved his bare hand into the gore under the baurans vomiting trunk and reached faith a moment before death .
he patted a tall pine , ten inches thick through the trunk .
he saw his dad 's flashlight propped up in between a branch and the trunk of a large pine tree .
what was left of the car was not salvageable - except for the hood ornament , which had been blasted into the trunk of a nearby oak tree .
these things , from where he had now come to a halt , appeared to be predominantly made up of the intensely deformed torsos of seemingly humanoid specimens , all devoid of arms and legs , but still with a semblance of the anthropological ; trunks with heads being the superlative description .
he d not needed the news racing on the wind even , because the figures in the sky : the lamb devoured by the many - headed beast , the odd nest of locusts clustered around the serpents thick trunk , had plagued him for hours .
she stepped down from the bike , turned off the headlamp , and found herself in a bone - grey world with a hint of solid darkness on the left , where the mountainside formed a rampart of ghostly aspen trunks .
thoms car skidded forward and to the left , the trunk of the car swinging out towards the trees on the opposite side of the road .
the fence looked formidable but behind one particular tree the links had been rusted from years of rain sliding down the trunk , collecting in very fine puddles allowing the rust to grow .
a humanoid , vaguely , with a human head and human musculature but arms as big as tree trunks and two foot taller than any man i 'd ever seen working in the building .
he figured he could spend the day on his usual bench near the trunk of a second , larger tree , but then he realized that he felt very hot despite the fact that his skin had already healed from the singeing .
the trunk itself was cavernous .
leaning against the tree trunk was the legendary weapon , the graelic , its tip a constant blood red hue .
halfway to the ground he dug his claws into the trunk .
his thin fingers reached out , brushing the trees bark as he stepped through a gaping cleft in the trunk .
but then again , considering what it could have become , even though it still survived , it would never be anything more than a monstrosity ; its hollow , rotting and near - lifeless trunk the ultimate metaphor for the remnants of the elven race .
xander let the great trees pain wash over him , then he entered into the trunks hollowed interior .
he sensed it , hidden somewhere deep within the colossal trunk of the tower - like tree the graelic .
he craned his neck upwards , but saw only an endless black trunk and a sky full of skeletal branches .
high up the trunk , a dripping slit opened to the trees interior .
there 's none on the trunk and we do n't have much time so we start scaling the tree .
he rushes to the tree with a vine growing on the trunk and cuts the vine .
she realized they were n't actually trees , just trunks sunk into the ground , all between five and six feet tall , with two boughs raised into the air , but with no branches , and curiously no leaves .
another puzzling feature : each had a strange , knobby growth , like a giant gall , at the top of the trunk between the boughs .
when she reached the foot of the trunk , she found something embedded into the wood .
her palm scrubbed down the trunk of a pine tree , coating it in heavy , sticky sap .
from behind godfry , in sharp contrast to the old mans weak and meandering footsteps through the mire , there came the sound of something heavy stomping through the riverbed , the sound of tree trunk legs churning up the sprawling trail of slop .
i ve never seen a bole like this , he said , slopping around to the nearest end of the trunk and laying eyes on the area that had so fascinated the lathians .
scrambling back from the thing , he wondered briefly if something had been leaning against this bole , something slumped against the trunk with its arms hooked and its ears cocked , something listening as he and his partner tripped their way through the sands .
he brought his head level with the place where his hand and face had struck the trunk .
he really wanted to see how they branched from the main trunk , if they grew out from the sides or directly from the top or it they sprouted from a bulb like the cabbage droplets on the ground .
he leaned in a little closer and moved the monocle right up to the trunk .
brines eyes flitted from the soft and pliable trunks to the round and blubbery bulbs to the black carpet of sand .
brine leaned back against the squishy trunk of the bole and held very still .
against the ruddy red of sunset , reets saw the hump in the middle rested over the trunk of the creatures body .
brine lifted his head to the tendrils above and the trunks on all sides , searching for movement in the shadows and glowing eyes in the trees .
the bole - creaturefor that was what it looked like in skin texture and hueclawed its way up the trunk and advanced upon the tongues .
it was several long moments before he noticed the dark and shiny fluid peeking through the tongues and leaking down the trunk .
the monster had been snatching men ever since the flight began , streaking out of the boles to either side , slamming into them like a blob of black tarbrine still had nt managed to glean any physical details other than shapeand then carrying them up the trunks .
he felt around for a time , padding his way from tentacle to trunk and back again , then finally met with a swell of crinkly facial hair .
she could see the line of misshapen trees on the far side of the lake , their trapezoidal trunks rising from what appeared to be a sheet of glaring black glass , their meager boughs sprouting knots of gray moss and ropes of pink vine , the former the spitting image of a mildewed wig , the latter a perfect imitation of fresh entrails .
there , the ebon waters of the bog were rising and falling and sending bowing waves of black out from the trapezoidal trunks .
from just behind the wall of trunks and horse - hair mosses , a massive whooshing sound filled the air of the colony .
through a break in the tendrils ( the wind was blowing them all over ) , she saw something like a veined white trunk lifting through the air .
if she were to march down the hall and into the rooms on the west side of the manor , she would see the sagging memory of a swamp backlit by the ruddy remnants of a blazing sky , boughs like inky blotches splattered against a fire , trunks like tarry stripes smeared against a cherry void .
they were quite tall and thick with a great number of slim branches that radiated away from the trunk like spokes , and rough , stringy bark that smelled pungent , almost medicinal .
even the tree trunks became blackness inside the woods off the roadway .
john dodged and slipped sideways behind a tree using the trunk of the tree to block paul making any adjustment and coming after him .
they rode through the night , staring into the birches and pines , ghostly trunks lit by the headlights as they glided through the wisconsin cool summer night .
if this were a lake surrounded by deciduous trees shedding their leaves each fall , it would be detectable in winter ; a dark rectangular box jutting out among tree trunks .
shane leaned over the trunk of the car he d stopped next to , leaned over to look at the sidewalk .
a large hunk of bark was missing from the trunk .
i watched them stroll with alex to the trunk of cyrus 's black suv , and i stood where i was , close to evelyn .
she tripped on a tree root but caught herself on a tree trunk and kept going .
lucinda could see grandmother 's stiff form nearby between the birch tree trunks .
a rodent of one sort or another dashed from one tree trunk to the next .
climb onto the trunk of the car .
i looked back over my shoulder and saw that she sat crouched down on the trunk of the car .
then he saw a plethora of rifles sitting in the open trunk of the jeep .
it was faint , poking through the trunks of the trees , but it was there .
( 24 ) florence and aiden had been dragged out of the trunk and knelt down before a three foot deep hole that would serve as their bed of sorrow until the end of time .
they stood causally before a thick door that had been fashioned from a sturdy trunk of maple , a door that had a solitary symbol engraved into its finely sanded wood .
an hour ago , nigel said as he popped the trunk of the pale yellow oldsmobile .
around it were the fallen trunks of old trees , and the canopy above was thick and brooding .
the trunk of the cats body was still , but , pointing vertically , the tail swished back and forth like an inverted clock pendulum .
weaving through the tree trunks and low branches , thomas gasped for air but kept running .
anton stopped and slowed his breath , but when the wind blew through the trees , he was temporarily jolted and had to grab hold of the trees trunk .
as she was just about to reach the little girl , she heard a sound in the trees , and traded her anger for fright : the sound of the sighing of the tree trunks and the rattling of leaves as the trees bent and swayed under the weight of vampires that leaped from one tree to another .
from one hundred paces , he was able to consistently place his arrow into the center of the trunk he aimed for .
but , knocking into mirs body was more like running directly into the trunk of a tree than knocking into a person .
angel hopped up onto the trunk of the chevelle and bent over stretching her slender , sexy as hell legs to heather all while singing the words to search and destroy .
she hopped off the trunk and winked at her .
still the man walked , occasionally touching a familiar landmark , only slowing once to caress the back of a slug that had slopped and slimed its way up the surface of a smooth tree trunk .
the trees , or more accurately , what was left of them , were all dead , their blackened trunks soaring into the sky around him .
he shouted , and with the full force of his swing , he smacked the cat into the trunk of a tree .
i surge to my feet with blades in hand , together we paint the woodland red , gore and grey matter splatter across the trunks of trees who have never seen such vile slaughter in all their long years of looking down upon the savagery of nature .
we left him there , leaning against the trunk of an old oak tree , there he may lay still , or maybe he is walking by now .
the moment , this moment , was the trunk where he stood and any choice by any man , woman or child was a new limb that divided again and again with each choice , rising higher until the branches were lost in a tangle overhead .
pine trunks surrounded her north and south , east and west .
insects dug in the tree trunks .
i saw something - a light - moving between the trunks .
yolanda dragged the hose over to a seedling and began spraying a fine mist around the base of the trunk .
he pointed at the tree and successfully fired six more rounds into the trunk .
paul yelled back , hurrying around to the trunk .
he leaned back against a tree trunk , cushioned by the thick moss that grew around its base .
he brought the gun up with both hands , then squeezed as deeply into the mossy trunk as he could .
he bounced off the side of a thickly vined tree trunk and went down in a muddy spray , his mouth full of mud .
the butler was struggling to heft a rather large bundle off of the ground and into the trunk of a rusting car that might have been older than me .
the shot took the stranger in the shoulder and spun him around to fetch up against the massive trunk of a nearby cypress .
arnold watched as it peeled itself from the tree trunk , his brow furrowed in consternation when he saw no blood .
a big man who had nt bled a drop , who d picked himself up off the ground with half his head lying in scattered piles among the leaves and tree trunks .
i will leave out such dross and simply tell you that ten minutes on since the car had passed them , the pair had come across a large old tree trunk which had probably been blown over at some point and removed to the side of the road and left to rot away .
this was then repeated several times until it led onto heavy necking and tongues , which went on to lead to fondles , gropes and caresses , and as each simultaneously slid down in a graceful ( ish ) slump from the tree trunk to be buried deep within a bed of lush green grass , were various items of clothes got removed ( shredded , torn or flung passionately aside ) , sex eventually took place ( after praying to any god that he 'd not only forgive him for taking advantage of a poor lass who was clearly upset in some unknown way , but also give him the thumbs up and a load shout of ` ` go on my son '' as he gleefully proceeded with his unholy exploits ) .
... ... ... ... ... all three had stopped fighting , each watching terrified as this new immensely huge apparition came bounding towards them in the distance , its black booted legs the thickness of tree trunks throwing up rocks and dirt with each stomping footfall .
i can see the trees on the horizon sway , and i can even hear their branches and trunks snap , but ca nt make out the form of a beast .
he does nt trip like i am and he does nt get his arms snagged on tree trunks like i am .
leap for the water and let my battered and aching muscles rest a while as i embrace the fall , or i jump for a tree trunk near by and try to wrap myself around it and shimmy down .
the wooden trunk has fallen , ripping the roots from right under the dirt , probably in a recent rainstorm or during this rivers flood season .
i hear it howl one last time before it goes crashing into the rotting trees fallen trunk .
the trunk splinters in half and both kolt and i have to dive , in near perfect synchronization , forward some distance in order to not get trapped .
it splinters across the carriage like a broken tree trunk .
why are nt you wearing your swimming trunks ?
the footsteps behind were that of a stampeding elephant with the most vile trunk in existence .
the trunks were all deformed and lumpy with chains hanging off them my names avaleen , she said .
hidden by the trunk of the large oak , she was only a few paces from the car .
it was nearly dawn when she at last touched the trunk of the tree at about six feet above ground .
at the heart of the tree , near to the trunk , cairo had hollowed out a kind of den ; she made richard sit down on a polished branch then sat facing him .
the wooden walls of the shack blended in with all the foliage like flat tree trunks creating the atmosphere of a forest clearing on a still summer afternoon .
in the trunk of my cadillac .
when scores popped the trunk of the cadillac , bill hill was curled around the wheel well in a fetal position .
i began making my way up , scrabbling in the loose soil and fighting for purchase , grabbing tree trunks as i got higher .
i squeezed back into a sitting position with my back hard against the trunk .
i stopped running and placed the girl down beside a tree trunk .
through the belt of trees beyond the brook shone a strange red light , the trunks and branches of the trees making a black lacework against it .
these willows never attain to the dignity of trees ; they have no rigid trunks ; they remain humble bushes , with rounded tops and soft outline , swaying on slender stems that answer to the least pressure of the wind ; supple as grasses , and so continually shifting that they somehow give the impression that the entire plain is moving and alive .
its bark was flaking off in great chunks and the trunk was twisting itself into a spiral .
we sailed through the air , bouncing off tree trunks and through bushes and branches .
the countryside around them was a forest of twisted dead trees with massive trunks .
the hunter was turning over a large ceramic vase that resembled a tree trunk covered in winding vines .
all around them were great oaks with massive trunks , tall thin bladed grass , and various hedges of many shapes and sizes .
column - like thighs lowered back to the floor from there , growing as thick as tree trunks towards what i presume was the waist and torso beyond .
he then tied another rope around karls torso and dragged him into the trunk .
she must have tried clawing open the trunk .
captain wyatt had patiently listened while leaning against the trunk of the cruiser for the last several minutes .
he leaned against the trunk of his car puffing on his ten dollar cigar appearing very out of place and confused .
the murderous maws of scythetooth and war mantis amputated branches left and right , ripping them from their trunks and tossing their dismembered remnants high into the air .
the necrodelic slashed his way through an army of striking , coiling , and constricting visceral roots to the base of one of the massive tree trunks .
looking around , he noticed that the trees had faces as well , sunken into the trunks at varying heights , dispersed seemingly at random throughout the forest , murmuring to themselves or conversing amongst each other in alien languages .
chariah ran a single claw along the trunk of the tree , opening a small surgical incision in its skin .
chariah filled the sable dragon pipe with the skin , flesh , and blood of the sentient trees , ripping chunks of flesh right out of the trunks and branches around him , and opening gaping wounds overhead so that he could catch the dripping blood with the pipe .
the necrodelic then seated himself in the black lotus position upon the base of the branch , his spine against its trunk .
over , under , and around the thick limbs the siamese twin griffins flew , deftly navigating the gauntlet of flesh - colored branches and tree trunks .
at the last possible second , with a sudden flick of his wrist , the pentagram - shaped grapnel whistled through the air and embedded itself in an incarnadine tree trunk .
the siamese twin demons landed on their backs in the grotesque marsh of ordure and bodily fluids , splashing the brackish water onto the surrounding trunks of flesh , and lay motionless .
the griffins knocked chariah from his path of descent and sent him twisting uncontrollably through the air until he crashed painfully into the wide trunk of a tree some hundred feet distant .
the griffins were already dead by the time they collided with the tree trunk and fell to the ground .
as he escaped , he noticed that the tantradox had retreated deeper into the forest of flesh , and the forest of flesh itself was fleeing the fire on burning legs , transforming and rearranging itself so that it could run along its own living trunks and branches to a safe haven .
a shadow on the edge of a blade , cutting a swath through the night , visible only as an ephemeral silhouette to the eyes of the unenlightened , chariah covered entire miles in mere seconds , gaining ground on the frenetic forest of flesh and then launching the pentagram - shaped grapnel from the palm of his right hand into the midst of the panicked trees , where it lodged itself with a loud sucking noise in the flesh of a sentient trunk .
lurking high amongst the branches , hidden in the shadows , smoking a concoction of cocaine and opium from a hookah as they leaned against the sanctuary of a thick tree trunk and contemplated the karmic implications of their role reversals , drelrei and junisia watched with drug - heightened vision and fascination as the necrodelic hunted with demonspeed , covering the miles of distance between them in moments .
as the necrodelic hurtled at supersonic speeds through the forest of flesh on a barely visible cable , the tantradox peered around the side of the whimpering tree trunk they were hiding behind .
chariah ricocheted from branches and tree trunks as he hurtled deeper into the forest of flesh , raising indigo bruises on his sable flesh and scraping his skin with deep crimson scratches .
meanwhile , the forest of flesh continued to burn , and fled frantically across elasvai like an insane behemoth , bouncing and rolling the unconscious forms of the necrodelic and the tantradox along with it , ricocheting their limp bodies from its knotted roots and thick tree trunks as it ran .
the tantradox flew backwards through the water as if caught in a strong undertow , eventually slamming gently into the trunk of a sunken tree .
severing limbs , chariah ascended in circles around the living trunks and branches , swimming a violent gauntlet to the surface .
taking a coiled rope from his trunk and a first aid kit , he tied one end of the rope to a stout tree and threw the other end over the cliff .
elton had traveled across the meadow , through two miles of rain - soaked forest , over dozens of decaying tree trunks and waded a raging stream before he finally saw a dim light in the distance .
he threw susan at the trunk .
he slid down into the trunk his legs and an arm dangling over the edge .
the girl backed away from the trunk .
i looked from the trunk to young susan .
the fire in the trunk continued to burn .
we watched the flame lick the wood of the trunk .
* * * a short while later the trunk fire had burned low .
the flicker of the fires light sent shadows dancing on the trunks of the trees , in a nearly hypnotic pattern that he had watched for what felt like days .
tex set his rifle up against the trunk of the car and pulled the radio from his back .
trees so large that even with their hands linked , he and douglas would nt be able to wrap their arms around the trunk .
she had to use her hands to find her way , placing them on the trunks and hoods of cars to keep from bumping into them .
they were coming through the patches of trees , bumping into trunks and limbs , completely non - reactive to the branches that stuck them in the face and tore at their clothes .
then she disappeared behind a thick tree trunk .
she ducked under a bleeding bow , putting a hand against the trees trunk .
there were leaves on the ground , and shoots , and roots , and there was a tree trunk not too far away from milt .
it was just too byzantine to consider , the branches of his sudden entanglement twisting and turning into each other until the trunk of truth was lost .
there were torsos , trunks , arms , legs , and various other unidentifiable body parts strewn among the seats , metal and burning plastic chunks .
outside in the large , square yard , i sat down under the closest oak tree , and leaned back against the trunk .
he uncased the rifle and laid it on the dead tree 's smooth trunk .
the trunk of the psionic tree is telepathy , and that 's what you 're afraid of , is n't it ?
the cop stopped beside the trunk .
they had put three nails into the trunk of the tree to hold the viet cong lookout sign .
you couldn , t bury a cadillac with the last two feet of its trunk and its rear bumper sticking out of the ground any more than you could bury a man with his legs sticking up .
his hip hurt coming back down , the pack with his shit in it was heavy on his back , and he felt slow and clumsy on the wooden rungs nailed to the trunk of the maple , but that was okay .
the sound of the rustling brush and snapping twigs was conu'ng toward him from the southwest , which meant he would n't have to shoot around the trunk of the maple - good - and put him upwind .
jonesy began to work his way down the rungs nailed to the trunk of the maple with his gun slung over his shoulder ( the thought that the man might present some sort of danger did not occur to him , not then ; he simply did n't want to leave the garand , which was a fine gun , out in the snow ) .
he crawled behind the moss - girdled trunk of a spruce tree , clutched it , then peered around it through the tumbled screen of his sweaty hair .
here was a sign nailed to the trunk of a tree : absolutely no fishing from shaft house .
and look ... right up there ... '' the road bent still farther inland , and here the trunks flanking the road looked like knotted masses of gray rope .
the two of them walked over to the buick and stood by the back deck , peering at the line of darkness where the trunk was unlatched .
at 3:28:17 , one can observe a jagged line of fire burst up from ( or maybe it 's through ) the buick 's closed trunk .
there are several more of the lightning bolts , some shooting out of the buick 's windows , some rising from the roof or the trunk .
some dropped back into the trunk .
then there was the famous trunk experiment of 1982 .
he leaned deep into the trunk .
yes , that was clear enough , but how a thing of such size could ever have fit into the closed trunk of the buick in the first place was beyond both of them .
then the creature that convulsed its bulk out of the roadmaster 's trunk is mostly gone , no more than a shadow in the mist .
even in the mist , however , the open trunk is visible , and it looks like a gaping mouth .
none of them had actually seen the bat - thing emerge from the buick 's trunk , but the trunk had been open , all right .
none of them had actually seen the bat - thing emerge from the buick 's trunk , but the trunk had been open , all right .
the thing hanging out of the trunk , a draggled and membranous white shading to dark green , looked as much like an easter lily as anything else .
when he leaned toward this ( none of them liked seeing curt lean into the trunk that way , it was too much like watching a man stick his stupid head into a bear 's mouth ) , curt said he could smell that cabbagey aroma again .
he looked at the deflated flowers lying in the buick 's trunk ( and the one hanging over the lip , the one brian cole had seen ) and could n't suppress a little shiver .
curt reached into the trunk and grasped the plant just above its rooty bulb .
he bent into the buick 's trunk instead , and rubbed them briskly on the brown trunk - mat .
he bent into the buick 's trunk instead , and rubbed them briskly on the brown trunk - mat .
more liquid splattered from its trunk or arm or penis or whatever it was .
the thing beat at the roll - up door with its trunk , as if demanding to be let out , but there was no strength in it .
along the length of the gray trunk ?
then he lifted his leg and pissed on the severed piece of trunk or horn or whatever it was .
we 'd killed it nevertheless , hacked it to pieces even as it lay on the concrete , holding out the severed stump of its trunk in surrender and screaming for the mercy it must have known we 'd never give it .
i saw him dying beneath their flailing , acid - lined trunks and hooking talons , trying to scream for mercy and choking on air he could barely breathe , and when he lay dead before them , dead and already beginning to rot , had one of them worked his weapon out of its holster ?
there would be plenty of space ; you know how big the trunks of those old cars were .
i took two big steps away from the buick 's trunk , wavering like a drunk , hardly able to believe what i 'd been on the verge of .
surely there were no monsters with pink strings growing out of their heads and trunks with eyes in them and talons with hair growing out of them .
the dirt from the trunk went into the ground not far from where we buried mister d and the tools .
as it did , a brilliant purple flash rose up from where the roadmaster 's floorboards had been , the trunk banged open , and the real pulling began .
the buick had begun flashing like a neon sign , and a flood of green - backed beetles came tumbling out of the blazing trunk .
there was a hollow running beneath one section of the moss - caked old trunk , and trisha squirmed into it .
she wrig - gled further and her pack hit the trunk of the tree - thump .
she turned around , placed her feet on either side of the black divot where she had lain , and put her butt against the mossy trunk of the tree .
she walked to this , and once she was standing there with her hand on the big pine 's sap - tacky trunk , she looked back at the fallen tree .
ahead of her an ash tree had fallen with its final twenty feet jutting over the drop like the prow of a ship , and trisha grabbed it with both arms and hugged it , her scraped and bloody cheek jammed against the smooth trunk , each breath whistling into her with a shriek and emerging in a terrified sob .
or the small , trashy - looking trees with the dusty - gray trunks ?
now , sitting on the fallen trunk in this cloudy , buggy june dusk , a frightening idea bloomed : what if she had asked because some deep future - seeing part of her had known that this was going to happen ?
she knocked on the wood of the tree - trunk without realizing she was doing it .
there was no time to get away , they would all sting her at once and she would die with them crawling on her skin , crawling into her eyes , crawling into her mouth , pump - ing her tongue full of poison on their way down her throat - trisha thought she was screaming , but when she thumped her head against the underside of the tree - trunk , showering bits of bark and moss down into her sweaty hair and waking herself up , she heard only a series of tiny , kit - tenish mewling sounds .
trisha uttered another cry and held onto the trunk of a dead tree while she first wiped her foot with snatches of grass and then put her sneaker back on .
she was looking through a maze of gray tree - trunks and lacings of dry jutting branches , but she thought she could see green beyond them .
she stood on tiptoes , holding the trunk of the tree for balance , staring and delighted .
trisha could see more slash - marks in its bark , and although the butt - end of its trunk was lost in a tangle of bushes , she could see how fresh and white the wood of the stump was .
one of its legs had been torn off and stood propped against the trunk of a nearby tree like a walking stick .
she took these to one of the tall firs near the stream and leaned them against the trunk like upside - down fans , creating a little space she could crawl into ... sort of a half - tent .
as she made her way slowly downhill , clutching at tree - trunks and branches to keep from falling over , two detectives from the attorney general 's office were questioning her mother and brother .
she walked in that direction , then stood looking into the tangled darkness where young trees with thin trunks grew close together , fighting for space and light aboveground , no doubt fighting with the grasping bushes for moisture and root - room below .
the tree trunk was onto the road completely now .
she took a quick look around to make sure there was no poison ivy at hand ; then she squatted , holding the tough trunk of a bush for balance .
bill came last , pulling himself onto the trunk and swinging his legs around .
some are as thick as a tree trunk , while others are as thin as a line of thread .
what lumbered back was an elephant , wagging its trunk .
norris strung it around the trunks of oak trees , forming a large triangle around the two women who appeared to be embracing at the foot of the stop - sign .
two or three punched through the trunk .
will you ... '' i scurried around the trunk of norman blanchette 's impala , bent over .
as i thought about the custom - made tree - trunk coffee table in the living room , and the seventy - inch flat screen , i decided that was n't true .
through the choked summer greenery on both sides of the road he could see the skeletal , leafless trunks of the trees that had burned in the big fire of ' 51 , like old and moldering bones .
1 when he first heard the distant snapping of twigs , he crept behind the trunk of a large spruce and stood there , waiting to see who would show up .
the bear tooted his horn , a clockwork monkey who would never get sick ( but who might eventually run down ) played a tambourine , the elephant beat his drum with his trunk .
he heard a clink as it struck the railing , and then there was a soft bonk as it struck the hood or trunk of a car below .
` ` man , you 're sick , '' he said , and leaned his head against the rough trunk of the elm tree and closed his eyes .
harold was sitting dejectedly on the trunk of a fallen tree .
the kid stepped around the trunk of the austin , leveled his .45s , and began firing .
the fashion was to blame it on ' technology , ' but ' technology ' is the trunk of the tree , not the roots .
( in come sis with a spoon and a glass ) a beetle that had been trundling busily up the trunk of a nipa palm turned black and shriveled to a husk with tiny blue bolts of electricity frizzing for a moment between its antennae .
he did n't like being in these dark woods - not even a little way in , where he could still peer around the trunk of a tree and see the road ; it was no rest - cure for the nerves , but he liked the idea of uncle morgan ( for so he still believed osmond 's superior to be , in spite of what captain farren had said ) catching him out on the road even less .
he slipped first behind one of the black trees , but the touch of the gnarly trunk - it was a bit like the banyans he had seen while on vacation on hawaii year before last - was oily and unpleasant .
jack moved to the left and behind the trunk of a pine .
the trunks and bundles lashed with stout cord to the top added another three feet .
jack looked around and saw one of those black trees with the gnarly trunks .
now the trunk was moving , writhing .
he slept from each dawn until just past noon , in a hollow he had discovered beneath the fallen trunk of an oak .
from the base of a burning tree which tried to hide its head in its trunk two of the deformed dogs bared long teeth at him .
something moved behind the trunk of one of the screaming trees .
so much for the wild west , jack thought , and then the man 's entire trunk reared up over them .
the woods had become very silent , and twice jack had seen trees with strange , gnarly trunks and tangled roots growing quite close to the tracks .
two of the trees grew together a short way ahead , their warty trunks twisted around each other in a way that suggested violence more than love .
a small brown bird took off out of the weeds near the clump of conspiring trees , and a limber root like an elephant 's trunk whipped out of the dust and snatched it from the air .
the car sped past and went through the tunnel cut into the trunk of the redwood ( which was slightly more than half the size of its territories counterpart ) .
you were kept so busy that most times you could n't think , and sometimes it was good not to think .. an elephant followed the dog , swinging a shadow trunk which was actually alan pangborn 's left forefinger .
suddenly he could see sparrows everywhere , perched on roofs and trunks and greasy amputated engines .
she was wearing a pack ( a sandwich and a book in it for her , dog biscuits for peter , and lots of orange ribbon to tie around the trunks of the trees she would want to cut as september 's heat ebbed toward october ) and a canteen .
anderson stared at her sketch closely , absently shading in the trunk of the big pine tree with the split top .
a red stripe has been painted around its gnarly trunk c a wholly unnecessary danger signal .
he can see a red swatch of paint around the pine 's gnarly trunk ... and then it begins to flake and split .
it 's too good to be a trunk novel .
one of the tomcat 's pillow tires scraped the trunk of the tree , and for a moment gardener found himself shoving away blazing , fragrant spruce boughs like a man fighting his way through burning curtains .
it rose on a slanted , canted angle , and then came to the horizontal , crushing trees with its unknown , unknowable weight , bursting their trunks open .
the paint was dull and spotted , there was a hairline crack in the passenger - side window , and a big dent in the trunk .
the palm trees are like bushes in the air , their brittle dead fronds like a skirt of bones around the tall trunks , rattling in the breeze .
in another room , she finds a painting that just looks like a bunch of trees , like a forest or something - but then she notices a little bitty cabin in the distance , just barely visible between the trunks of the trees .
there 's a rustle of movement behind her , and when she turns she finds a girl with pigtails , who stands half - hidden by a tree trunk and looks like she could be seven or eight years old except that she 's at least as tall as temple - like an overgrown baby in a checkered dress .
the girl peeks out from behind the tree trunk and picks at the bark nervously with her thick fingertips .
in such a manner , they drag the man through the snow and into the trees by the side of the road and tie him to one of the trunks using the belt and strips of torn fabric .
the spinning car collides sidelong into the trunk of a tree - glass shatters and the passenger door crumples inward with an aching twist of metal .
the engine is still running , which is a good sign - and even though one of the headlights has been smashed to nothing along with the whole right front of the car , the vehicle still functions well enough to scrape itself away from the tree trunk and huff its way back to the road .
he rests , bracing himself against the trunk of a tree , only for a moment .
instead he sits back against a tree trunk and listens to the crackling inferno in the valley below - still muffled by his buffeted eardrums .
moses todd sighs heavy and sits back again against the trunk of the tree .
then he leans against the trunk of a tree and looks up between the branches into the smoky sky .
a naked girl , skin pale and shimmering , almost translucent , red hair chopped short - and there she dashes from tree trunk to tree trunk , disappearing into the shadows and reappearing elsewhere in unexpected places , like a capricious sprite or a trick of the eye .
a naked girl , skin pale and shimmering , almost translucent , red hair chopped short - and there she dashes from tree trunk to tree trunk , disappearing into the shadows and reappearing elsewhere in unexpected places , like a capricious sprite or a trick of the eye .
he looks deep into the tree trunks , hoping to see there another vision of the naked girl darting back and forth behind them .
as tom and i hit the walnut tree trunk , the poop hit me .
with the glass empty , the thin trunk disappeared back into his mouth and i could nt help but notice a slight smacking together of what were probably his lips .
slamming mush - forward into the trunk of a tree , i shake these tangled slithers of nonsense from my noggin , and focus past the delirium .
the patio was shaded by a big mulberry whose thick trunk rose from a little strip of dirt near the fence .
although quite short , both were heavy - set with square heads the size of tree trunks and fists to match .
the expanding trunk actually pushed louie and lulu away .
louie looked around for something that they could lift and then said , lulu , see that fallen tree trunk over there , that quite large one that has been lying there for years , lets try lifting it .
lulu went to one end of the trunk and louie some distance away took the other .
they were both surprised ; they could lift the huge trunk with ease !
not only were they able to lift the trunk but they were able to keep holding it up without any difficulty .
no matter how hard the pair tried , no , they could nt fly with the trunk , it was a physical impossibility .
just as the troopers arrived at the trunk of the tree , there was an ear - piercing screech as jack and his steam tractor came rumbling around the house .
his ragged armour covered his massive body , and at the end of one his tree trunk like arms was a massive tankard of ale , much bigger than a normal man could hold with both hands .
attached to this tree was a great chain , whose first link had been forged directly through the tree trunk about halfway up , at the strongest point .
turning around he ran on all fours over to a bush by a tree trunk , pulling it back to reveal a super sporty motorbike .
he set his cup down on the trunk of one of the police cruisers , removed a little spiral - bound notepad and pen from his jacket pocket and proceeded to ask me some questions about ted .
he climbed back over the trunk just as a car rushed past .
reilly threw his hands around the goats neck pressing him against the trunk .
each ogre had a huge crude club , obviously made from a tree trunk .
there was a huge serpent coiled around a nearby tree trunk .
the collective scooped them up , moved towards the trunk and waited .
'' sod off , it 's mine , '' says the squirrel , scampering up the trunk and pausing only to chuck acorns over his shoulder .
then these three wise men ill slay , strike their heads off and parade their bleeding trunks , which i 'll degrade , scratched with briars , ripped to shreds , tear their skin to bloody threads !
the so - sos had arrived , and peeping through a knothole in the maple trunk , he could see the door handle turn and click .
he emerged from behind the trunk of the tabula rasa tree , dark , hideous , and deadly .
` ` see , there 's a reason why we need to do this at night , '' i commented as i leaned against the other side of the tree trunk our hostages were at .
the solicitor thought someone was pounding his head with a tree trunk and promptly passed out .
said lee as he stepped up to the trunk of the tree and gave it a shake or two .
said garth impatiently as he ran over to the trunk of old jack.you alright , lad ?
he patted the trunk and shook a clenched fist at the disappearing lee .
he crept up very quietly , he picked up one of roberts leafy arms and peeked around the trunk of angus .
came the voice of sir rupert on the other side of the tree , garth edged his way back to the trunk and carefully looked from between two branches .
haddington stepped forward and wrapped his arms around the trunk of the tree .
suddenly haddington jumped in front of him with the raised axe.im your the axe came down within inches of him to land in the trunk of the tree .
garth was sitting on one of henrys feet smoking a cigarette , he got slowly to his feet and turned around to see lee bearing down on him , he jumped back as lee shot past and allowed his cigarette to come into contact with henrys trunk .
it was very early in the morning , dickie lay snuggled up against a tree trunk , he heard someone go running by and in the distance the snap of a branch .
winterhaiming recovered and came at lee again , he feigned a punch to lees face and sent a real punch into his chest , lee lurched backwards and tripped over the trunk of a tree .
lee threw a punch but it went wild to land on the trunk of the tree , he stood gasping for breath as he nursed his hand .
smiled dickie , i m mad alright , yes , yes , quite mad , look , he walked over to a tree and put his arms around the thin trunk .
lee took up a stance and threw a few punches that connected heavily with the trunk of the tree .
with the other he held on to the trunk of a nearby sapling .
they even had blue trunks with a red stripe down each side to match .
as the lighting was dim it had scared the living daylights out of him , so he had commandeered sumo who shed light on the matter with his beaming laughing face , as the cat curled herself expectantly around his trunk like legs .
he was why , at five thirty on days when elizabeth met me after work , i began loitering in the lobby by the arboretum and fountain ; i would peek at him through the squat tree trunks and tropical palms , knowing my friend would not be able to meet me in the lobby any earlier than six oclock .
twenty - foot replicas of trees native to the rainforest towered above us , and i followed the line of one of the taller trunks as it reached to the ceiling , which had been painted or canvassed to look like the canopy of a rainforest .
shoulders like a front row forward , well - defined chest with ripples in all the right places , ironing board stomach ( the bastard ) and legs like tree trunks .
they came hissing and roaring as they ran down trunks or leapt from low branches .
even phil was impressed with the construction buildings merged with the larger trees and extra stories continued up the trunks and on further branches .
they were led through an entrance in a trunk , which led up to a wide platform with a throne in the middle .
bounded by once powerful linesnow all owned by burlington northern santa fewith evocative nicknames like the route of the towering snowdrifts , also called the not so grand trunk , ' the flying teeth - bared red fox route , the copper plate road , and the dependable molasses mainline ( sweetest service south and beyond !
he scrambled nearly to the top and then clung to the trunk .
although well have to hit him awfully hard to jar his death grip on that tree trunk , and depending on his trajectory as he falls , he could land on one of us .
they sat down and leaned their backs against the trunk of the tree .
he made his way for mr . rakes yard , periodically scanning his surroundings , before moving on to the next shrub or tree trunk .
he built it near the base of a large oak tree , making sure the tree trunk hid his structure from the road .
at 35 feet , a limb - free area on the trunk appeared where the stand could be attached , so i began to pull it up .
i always like to be high in the tree for a better view , and here the tree trunk was still more than eight inches in diameter and plenty strong , so i fastened the chain , seated the stand into position , and tested it with part of my weight .
the few trees were scrawny trunks with frail shivering branches and dark , dry leaves .
out the front windows , they saw a cloud of pulsing exhaust and a polished black roof and trunk .
the trunk was most probably hidden from the northern aggression in the area .
they left their stuff in the trunk of the mercedes , and walked down the narrow dirt road through the national forest .
he looked up at a pine tree and watched a red - cockaded woodpecker spiral around the trunk , looking for bugs .
then she came close to him , stood on one of his shoes , grasped her little arms around the stubby tree trunk that was one of his legs , and would nt let go .
while sitting on the trunk of my car i called detective anderson to tell him i was going to be even later .
still , he took a little look around and when he felt confident no one was near , he pulled the bloody mess of the boy from the trunk and dropped it on the ground .
my mom was shrewd with these things ; she could haggle an elephant out of its trunk .
clumps of trees provided shade , and each one had their own bench that wrapped around the trunk .
to my little knowledge it was a banyan tree , of which the trunks were as big as elephant .
but then , before i could speak or guess any more , she had turned and walked a few steps away for playing around the trunk of a nearby tree .
in match of the rhythm of her song she was hitting her stick on the trunk of tree .
for most of the time i had been struggling to match my pace with her , but thankfully , i was also getting intermittent breaks when she would stop every then and now to look about a nearby flower , a shrub or a grand trunk of tree .
it was nothing but merely dried and lifeless trunk of a tall tree , which did nt have on it even a single green leaf or branch .
the trunk was abruptly tilting towards the ground and it was so because the roots were also dying and giving therefore way to its weight .
but what had actually taken me by surprise me was a strange patch of green grass which was spreading on the ground just below the trunk .
actually it was the tilt in the trunk of tree which was responsible for the withering middle line .
width of this line was more or less same with the thickness of trunk itself .
the slanting angle of trunk was exactly in east to west direction .
every morning sun would rise and bless the grass blades in either side of the patch which escaped the shadow of trunk .
its trunks were astonishingly big .
she was busy as usual ; striking her stick at the trunk while making rounds of it in her playful run .
yes , yes , its trunks are indeed as big as elephant .
stopped for gas and sat on the trunk , forcing raw kale and blueberries down my throat .
and the moment he walked through the gate a chorus of bands struck up from every corner of the fair , and rides suddenly glowed and churned and swung to life , and calliopes played , and a man on the back of an elephant reached down and had the behemoth hoist the young lad on its trunk to sit beside him in the parapet and march him further inside accompanied by drums and trumpets .
he fell and tumbled down a steep slope amongst trunks and branches .
occasionally the trajectory of the lights brought into relief the advancing line of briery trunks , flashing before alice 's eyes like horrific sea monsters caught in the beam of an underwater vehicle plummeting to unexplored , inky depths .
will was still sat on the ground , banging his head on a tree trunk .
ma would provide a lunch of peanut butter and jam sandwiches and a bottle of pop and i 'd eat , leaning against the trunk of that tree .
just sit you down on that there old tree trunk .
elephants are fond of model trains , but they do n't build many model railroad empires ; they ca n't get their trunks around the tiny parts .
a sign propped up by a fallen tree trunk said , ` ` what goes around , comes around .
its trunk split into two legs with long wormy roots at its feet .
it slammed its pine needle sword against its acorn cap shield with a hollow trunk thunk , and it yelled , ` ` re - e - e - e - e - ed ! ''
all that oo - ki managed to do , after an hours struggling , was to drag half of yoks lifeless carcass close to a nearby awarra where he finally managed to wrap his vine around yoks neck or what he thought was probably his neck and anchor the scaly beast firmly to the trees trunk .
when he d watched the dog sniff a big maple tree he d pictured her up against that tree trunk , the way shed kissed him up against the wall in her kitchen .
chip laid the antennae on the trunk .
he floated effortlessly through the air to the y of the branch , walked daintily down a larger branch to the main trunk , then saw me .
he submitted and tentatively placed his arms around the broad trunk .
she pressed but nick did nt answer , he turned with a hazy grin and continued along the row of trees , hugging each trunk as he went .
he tied it off to the trunk of the oak .
this rabbit , however , despite the advantage of red tailed hawks not having headlights , ran smack into a velvet mesquite tree 's trunk in its haste and ended up as a tasty hawk supper .
there are messages everywhere , he shouts at a tree trunk , but if you ca nt read , how do you know what they say ?
the difficulties of walking backwards meant that our hero crashed into various obstacles , such as rubbish bins and tree trunks .
its trunk was several metres thick with soaring branches that created a sort of natural ceiling , they were so dense .
the way they talk about this guy is that he has an arm like an elephant trunk except he does nt spew water when he hurls .
i walked around the pool to the tree and in the back , hidden from view , i saw an unattractive rebar service ladder sticking out of the concrete trunk , which looked even more like concrete back here where less effort was made at verisimilitude .
they were sitting on cool stones that formed a ring around the giant tree trunk .
my legs must remain bound together to form the trunk and my arms must be , constantly held aloft to help form the branches that i must hold on to , being that my fingertips have glued twigs shooting out of them as well .
and why are nt you wearing any swim trunks ?
we came to a stop at the trunk of lysanders jeep , leaving a comfortable gap between ourselves and the stranger .
i can feel it , the life humming through the trunk of this tree .
energy , filling up the trunk , running through the branches all the way out to the leaves .
they felt no antipathy towards jerian , even though he was responsible for the chalian ax that had brought their destruction , as primeval trunks were felled by a steel whose edge they were unable to resist .
he spotted one , slowed a fraction , then dived over a fallen trunk , the arrow finding bark .
another tree was felled , and another , the elms ' contorted trunks fracturing like dry reeds , old residents of the forest parted from their life - soil and sent crashing down , tearing at their neighbour 's arms even as they were levelled , churning the soft loam , the sap bleeding from stems and roots washed away by the rain .
he wrenched it loose from the riven trunk into which it had been swung .
the hot six pack wearing , tan , blonde spiked surfer boy wearing trunks is gay ?
occasionally the come - long was used to winch a large branch or trunk into position for cutting , and the smaller branches had to be gathered into piles .
there was a sheltered spot between the trunk of the oak and the rock where a man could wedge himself and escape the wind , and there abel sat still watching the moon and waiting for the dawn .
when the show inside the tent was over , mary had seen many things for the first time , including a striped tiger and an elephant , which balanced balls on its trunk and then lifted the beautiful girls up high above the audience to deposit them on their aerial platform .
while they were gawking at the relic , my roving eye happened to light on a saratoga trunk , standing in a nearby bay .
like a widow - maker in the deep woods , the rotted elm tree standing with the clothes of its bark all around the trunk .
malcolm had told him to look for three birch trees growing so close together they seemed to have a common trunk .
through bluish lucent skin , its spine had been pushed out to form a trunk , from which two huge wings had formed .
she tea - bagged and spat spit out along his trunk before sucking it all back up .
the trees trunk was perceptibly white after the stripping .
it not only passes that point but also forms the nerve plexus which forms two vagus trunks close to esophageal opening .
i must wander the endless paths , pass through the countless doors , travel the roads and gaze into hollow trunks , under stones , beside the craters of shooting stars , between lovers and fighters , inside the shells of crabs and nuts , by the unsteady walls of burning houses and along the barely discernible banks of dried up rivers ; over mountains , across deserts i must go , barren and manifold , always with my eyes and mind open , never sleeping , hunting below and above ground until i trace my story and capture it , returning then for that tale to be told .
they were close but he failed to see them , to pick them out from amid the overlapping trunks .
finally i bound the wing , employing tree trunks and three fifty foot lengths of rope .
but every number was finite ; he needed to trace the leaves back to the twigs back to the boughs , and narrow those individuals down , boughs to trunk , trunk composed of rings , cylinders if you took the long view , slow telescopic shafts .
but every number was finite ; he needed to trace the leaves back to the twigs back to the boughs , and narrow those individuals down , boughs to trunk , trunk composed of rings , cylinders if you took the long view , slow telescopic shafts .
and beyond the trunk lay the roots , each tendril and ganglion about which the world became the anti - world , perfectly mirrored , wherein lay the danger , as events reversed might grow equally complex .
when they started moving the cones , they discovered they could n't fit over a hundred cones in the trunks of their three suvs , so their original plan to divert traffic away from their high school student parking lot into the teacher 's parking lot was foiled .
a voice came from behind the trunk of the car .
as the two worked their way down the shaft of the cones ' image , the old pinto was stuck just outside the head with a nice toyota attached to its trunk .
between the black trunks of the trees the moving curtain of water was lit by the streetlamp .
she looked at the black trunks of the trees , none straight , all flowing , stark against the white spray of water .
the triangles cut from car hoods , tops and trunks were still welded together but weather - beaten and rusted .
her limbs were round as columns , her neck too , was thick as a trunk .
now , with old snow banked against its thin trunk and the wind forcing it to bend over and kiss the cold ground , the tree waited patiently , but no one came to take it .
around the trunk of the misshapen tree , a sprinkling of wild flowers made a sharp contrast to the rolling green around it .
another trunk had an equal - sized branch loop down to the ground in a huge horseshoe , where it had rooted itself , before continuing on its erratic way .
the fourth trunk rose up twenty feet before it branched .
after the lockwards example , the pelottis had left eight feet of the main trunk and one large horseshoed limb to use as a holder for feeders in the winter and as a frame for a rope hammock in the summer .
he hears the chain grabbing desperately against the bark for an instant before sliding down the trunk with frank underneath .
ethereal wisps of mist snake along the trunks of trees on rome point .
yeah , see ... it says twenty in small numbers on that tree trunk .
she caught up to the jaguar and slammed her hand down on the trunk .
about her husband who held a chainsaw as it chewed its way through a massive trunk , slipped near the end , and opened up his leg like it was hungry for more ?
i remember the neck that was a tree trunk .
i am ripping up blades and throwing them at the tree trunk and sobbing through my throat and yelling at bobby .
marshy moisture soaking up through my jeans and grabbing at grass and kicking a blue rusted truck , beating my fists on the solid trunk of a fir tree .
its was tied to the tree trunk by the wrists , ankles , and neck , with the arms stretched along branches to the sides .
jamar and i stood at the base of the tree with our hands against the trunk .
the trunks often remain merely singed .
walking between president sheppard at the center of the group and the secret service agent flanking them on the right , eugene wright stops to point out a barren patch about waist high on a tree trunk .
at eye level , on another nearby tree trunk , they see a second bare patch .
as he darts to cover behind the trunk of a large oak , the buckshot from the older mans gun whizzes past the spot where nick had stood an instant before , close enough for him to hear the air ripping .
he turned back to stare at the woods that bound the east end of the meadow and knew with a sudden deep calming assurance that in seven seconds khloes blond hair and perfect ruddy cheeks would , shyly , slyly , peek out from behind a tree trunk .
his limited sight and agitated mind combined to slow his reaction time so that he first smacked hard into a tree , spun off to his right , ran into another trunk , stumbled over a root , and , despite his flailing hands , fell hard onto the ground .
it sounds more like jazz played on tree trunks and hub caps .
i watched him go up a tree and then run across a powerline and then hop up another tree trunk and then i could nt see him anymore .
the trees bark was visibly desecrated with oblong black marks across their trunks , and continuing upward into the lower branches .
but occasional pockets of daylight interspersed among the tree trunks and underbrush , especially near an assemblage of boulders that were laden with moss and gray lichen .
the tree prevented me from tumbling into the road , and i was grateful to embrace its trunk as if it was a life raft on the open water .
four boys , still as headstones , peeked from behind the tree trunks .
again , i narrowed my brow and attempted to distinguish bodies from branches ... then i saw them : wooden planks nailed like ladder rungs to the trunks of a dozen trees .
a famous actress and roots as grey as an elephants trunk .
a wooden platform was wedged between three branches where the trunk split .
i followed the black curve of the sickly trunk , then grabbed maras flashlight and switched it on .
i traced the beam from the base of our platform up to the highest twig ... thousands of jagged initials spiraled the trunk and choked the tree in an onslaught of m.l.m.l.m.l.m.l .
his girth outweighed mine and his barreling momentum carried me into the trunk of another tree .
i could only see the back of maras shoulder behind the trunk to which she was pinned ... and dannys lupine eyes .
i brushed my hands on my swim trunks .
i aimed the microphone at the trunk of the nearest maple , pushed record , twisted my waist with ken griffey jr . precision , and wailed the soft log into the tree with a satisfying thud .
five more pieces of wood were ascending the trunk .
dad used the crowbar to pry the wooden rungs from the trunks .
i stumbled to keep up , dipping and dodging limbs and trunks , feet galloping through mud , heart racing like a ticking time bomb .
we stood in a foot of water but the conifers trunk was dry .
stanly had already taken the hatchet and was working through the trunk of a slender pine tree that had fallen over .
he finally asked when peter pointed the trunk up hill .
the trees to both side of the road were draped in heavy green vines , all spring 's foliated clothing drawn modestly over naked tree trunks .
it smacked against the hide of a limbless trunk on the other side , the impact marking the black bark with a white circle like a sightless eye .
it would not be only one trunk that the lumberjack would have to axe , but many more .
quyen leaned against the tree trunk , waving away the smoke that fell from thuys cigarette .
she looked into the forest on either side of her , trying without success to discern individual trunks .
leafless , just trunk and branches .
he moved up to and pressed himself against the trunk of yet another oak .
he shuddered with this fresh knowledge where he crouched , wedged in between a thick rising branch and the rough trunk of what he now noticedthe prickly leaves gave it awayas a coast live oak .
he steadied himself against the oaks trunk and took aim : carefully , deep breath , slow exhale , and thwe the silencer coughed and within a heart beat the grenade - thrower began his fall : deflated .
he spotted the guard , shielded now by the trunk of one of alwyns oaks .
he stepped close to one of the wide trunks and indicated for alwyn moore to follow suit , masking themselves with the trees dark and overhanging shadow .
then slumped down , back against the trunk .
harman - karman slid down the trunk to sit beside alwyn moore , shoulders touching , his jolted by the contact .
alwyn moore frowned , looked hard into harman - karmans eyes as if to plumb for a better answer , something more certain , then leaned back against the trunk of the big tree , sighed .
she understood and quickly slipped around the trunk .
he drew the barka , leaned against the trunk and fired .
tall , straight trunks reaching into the clear blue above , like hands , like leaved fingers reaching for the far beyond , a touch of cloud here and there , gaily avoiding high above capture , and as he walked on the soft groundpillowed by a moss of last years leaves , or from the year before thatfrom tree to tree , he touched each gray , shooting stem of forest elder and he felt at peace .
in the grace of fall and in the storm of spring stood the one thing impervious to the hardships of either : the many farewells of fall to all vibrant life surrounding as it prepares for the long rest ( or short death ) : to the hedgehog scraping together his fortress of leaves ; to the fox pressing her young into service , there s a lair needs furnishing , enough with the playing , and that means you , too ; to the geese , the many many geese winging by making me wish my branches were wings , proudly set for sailing , high above hellos and then goodbyes ; to the swans honk honk honking their au revoirs ; to the swallow , settling , if only for a moment to impart one last smidgen of gossip before she swifts away for warmer climes ; to the many scurriers and burriers rushing now to gather the last of their supplies that they may still live come spring ; to the bear , sulkily scratching his back against my trunk , not even civil enough to say pardon mebut he s forgiven , this is his mood , already half - asleep , half - wondering where he is and where he is going , lumbering on on lumbering legs on lumbering feet stirring up trouble here and there unwittingly then lumbering on again leaving murmuring murmurs of how rudes in his wake ; to the man and his wife , they wo nt come this way now until spring ; to the southern stars who dip past the horizon not to return as long as orion rules the sky .
until a seedling one day , miles away it seemed , but only farther down the now meadow , until one day she grew from seedling to sapling to slender trunk and slight of branch .
and smaller still the sounds everywhere the sounds i look and i look and i look but i still do nt see the sounds and they come in the shape of a bird a bee and the geese returning and the applause of millions of leaves from the grove to my right green shimmerings like a school of little green fish in the air resting for a while on the trunks and branches and then their susurrus grows again to applause sounds so so small i can not see them .
lingered with resonance , with sap and odor and wind in the branches and well - intended trunks .
well - intended trunks , the very words .
she gently partsas if asking its permission to proceedthe knee - tall greenly lit grasses as she walks from trunk to trunk touching each as if to draw strength from them .
she gently partsas if asking its permission to proceedthe knee - tall greenly lit grasses as she walks from trunk to trunk touching each as if to draw strength from them .
his feet a little like roots , the rest of him like trunk and crown .
inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again , then tendril , then root , then stem , then trunk , then branch , then tree .
: harrys pine stilled every fiber in all roots and branches , stilled the very heart of his trunk , the better to hear .
i told her about sap and odor and wind in the branches and well - intended trunks .
they lowered him down to sitting , and then eased him over to lean his back against a barky trunk .
the man and the woman and their tree - like friend , all trunk and unmovable limbs among the sentinels of trunks and unmovable limbs .
the man and the woman and their tree - like friend , all trunk and unmovable limbs among the sentinels of trunks and unmovable limbs .
this was , and all the hairs on his arm rose , and he shivered all down his trunk , this was real .
and then , as his shell turned trunk and his arms branches , as as his hair leaves and his question answered , it did .
first , treelike in his diapers , with legs for roots , chest for trunk , and arms for branches .
as such , it does not present serious damage to mature trees and root systems , though their trunks and exposed roots usually blacken from the encounter .
were you to see one , you might even think that the tree was dead , seeing as the majority of its trunk and branches are , in fact , no longer aliveas a rule only a narrow strip of living tissue connects the roots to a handful of living branches .
as harry and lara watched , inevar grew his original tree to an ancient age then departed to find himself seed again , then tendril , then root , then stem , then trunk , then branch , then tree .
with my back pressed against the trunk , the weight of the little girl wrapped around me like a monkey , her cheek smooth and firm and wet against mine and the smell of the rain , achingly fresh , a clean cool wetness so different from the sharp rotting saltiness of storsea sea and water , time stilled .
and it slipped away from me now , the disturbing , fleeting happiness of a moment of rain and leaves and a child , gone as i realised i held another womans little girl , that we were both soon going to become soaked and cold and the trunk was digging uncomfortably into my back .
bunnu looked past him to see giant flatworms creeping along the mud of the banks , some burrowing out of holes in the ground , some descending downward in a spiral along the trunk of a tree : all of them converging on the tree branch from which hung the sacred pigthe lesser bison-144 ratherwho was now in the process of giving his own lecture in a voice that could best be described as a droll attempt at an academic sounding accent of indeterminate origin .
melissa could not tell whether ruth had , too ; her hands still on ancient trunk , her face turned away , head tilting down , slightly , as if listening intently or respectfully .
i looked out and saw nothing but dark , very straight trunks of tall spruces to either side .
at first the horse picked his way between the tall and silent trunks , but soon it seemed the trunks got the idea and begun to move aside for him ; he picked up the pace to a canter .
at first the horse picked his way between the tall and silent trunks , but soon it seemed the trunks got the idea and begun to move aside for him ; he picked up the pace to a canter .
then , once the trunks got the full hang of it , sweeping a trunky avenueor more like a tunnelbefore him , he opened up to a flat - out gallop .
finally they did , however , and we made out a large rock , covered with moss , to our right , then trunks and trunks surrounding us so densely they seemed to approach .
finally they did , however , and we made out a large rock , covered with moss , to our right , then trunks and trunks surrounding us so densely they seemed to approach .
he said truculently , you dented my trunk .
nozam tried to come between my assailants and me but one of them shoved him backwards and he over - balanced and barked his shin on a corner of the trunk .
the other boy tried to grab the trunk and i move forward , pinning him between the trunk and the wall .
it was a stalemate , with the two of us glaring at each other , separated by the trunk .
there stood the twin cedars growing side - by - side , each with trunks more than six feet in diameter , diverging at the base then growing parallel toward the sky , neither yet successful at strangling the life out of the other in their battle to monopolize the light .
the floor of the tree house encircled the two trunks some twenty feet up , resting on a skeleton of beams and struts .
he looked toward the understory where a female figure skittered down a ladder anchored to the trunk of one of the cedars .
soon , beams butted against cedar trunks , held by lag bolts , bracing a solid web of angles to support a plank floor .
chris found himself flat on his back , head under the guardrail viewing the ascending trunk of the cedar from an unexpected angle and experiencing some difficulty looking past his own nose , which seemed to have swollen to the dimensions of a pinecone filled with heat , blood and pain .
the air felt refrigerated , the breeze circulating through chinks where the walls met the tree trunk .
he found himself on the wrong side of a long clump of brush hiding an enormous machine made of tree trunks .
the trunk of the tree continued up through the center of the small circular space , leaving room for two inside , if that .
trillium positioned herself to block chriss limbs unless he was willing to lift her legs and look up her skirt , forcing him to position himself on willas side of the tree trunk .
too bad your brother is nt herethey could have raced like a couple of squirrels up a tree trunk .
similar vertical trunks surrounded them , dissolving overhead .
it took him a moment to notice the life - sized figure of a woman carved into one of the trunks .
one with a wrinkled , stooped body following the particular crimp of the trunk .
randy sagged against the trunk , melting earthward .
she shrank into the wingback chair , absorbed like a fence rail with the trunk of a tree puckering around it .
he picked his way over boulders as water churned into the banks , branches and tree trunks pushed almost to the hillside .
her heart beat faster as she entered the rustic black wrought - iron gate and walked across the lawn to the old sycamore tree with the gnarled trunk , covered with vines .
she neared a tree made up of several trunks grown together .
as i watched him get to the road , i saw his gas cap bounce off the trunk where i d left it and fall to the road .
standing with grace at the open trunk of the womans black bmw , tracy helped pass out the food items with silent admiration for the woman she called coach .
she watched him try and find hand and foot holes to ease himself up the trunk .
suddenly a rubble under foot made her step back , as the trunk began to split and change , forming what looked like a staircase .
another pull and the entire trunk of the calf slid out at once onto the straw , sticking immediately to the bedding .
to stay warm he started to swing the ax against one of the standing trees , thinking he could fell it without much effort , and quickly found the trunk denser than his hubris .
a small chunk finally fell from the tree trunk .
overhead the rhododendron bushes intertwined so completely they meshed together forming natural platforms , he shinned up the gnarled and twisted trunks of the great plants and began clambering around passing from one mattress of leaves to another .
davey began to climb , the first fork was only twice his height , he soon reached it by means of deep cuts in the trunk which formed steps .
he leapt onto the trunk and climbed like a gorilla , ` ` shift yerself , '' he said tugging at davey 's heels .
they took hold of a foot each and ran , threw and spun him out , as he swung back in his head narrowly missed the trunk of the tree , another throw and he was sent out even further .
floodwaters had cleared away most of the vegetation , only twisted and gnarled roots and the occasional tree trunk embedded deep into the fertile earth blocked their path along the banks .
the old man fell down catching the side of his head against a tree trunk .
it was amazingly accurate , he could hit the tiniest mark upon the trunk without difficulty , only gusts of wind could cause the shot to hit off - target .
after a time he quite forgot the terrible cargo which he now carried but he was due for a rude awakening , the reader was quoting from a passage in the chapter called amerlin 's speech @ , when he recited the words ; twice fifty - thousand scrolls , occult and loathed some of my art , hell 's black philosophy ; then closed my soul within this boney trunk , this ghastly form , the ruins of a man ...
a horrible scratching sound right next to him terrified him but it turned out to be a squirrel scrabbling up the trunk of a pine tree , adrenaline surged into his veins and boosted his speed still further .
@ at the base of the tree propped against the trunk was an axe .
smiling from ear to ear , hawk gestured to the trunk .
with one hand braced against the trunk , he gazed outward .
the grass grows a vivid green , each blade sharp and distinct , sunlight slicing with utmost clarity and precision through the gaps of the trunks and branches .
the figure attracting the greatest attention , by far , turns out to be the ranger , who s choreographing a pack of maybe two dozen squirrels to climb the trunks of oaks , single - file , in spiral formations , all the way to the uppermost branches , where they then proceed to leap , one by one , through clear air to the tip of another tree , a dizzying gap of maybe 15 feet .
it must stand two miles tall , and it bears an infinite number of branches sprouting an even more infinite number of leaves , each one catching starlight and glinting , shimmering that reflected light into a nimbus that spreads outward from its central trunk .
she removed her wooden sandals and lay perfectly cocooned inside a groove in the tree - trunk , her flowery scent rising with a faint touch of sycamore bark .
the waitress had accurately described a curve in the road and a large oak tree that would be marked by prominent gashes in its trunk .
he then took the dead man by his heels and dragged him until he could roll him under a fallen tree trunk .
alexei did leap into the air , but this time his body passed within an inch of the trunk and he kept running while the bewildered wolf sat wondering where alexei had gone .
the trunk was strong and thick and grew out from the river 's bank into many strong limbs , any of which would be more than suitable for a man to hang himself .
the ancient wooden ferry with its sails hanging slack , lay waiting by the shore of the river , not thirty feet from the trunk of the tree .
harry had began his climb up the trunk of the massive tree and was well on his way toward his final dangling place , when he noticed the boat .
the tree was thick and covered with gnarly , shaggy vines , thick vines that wound around the trunk like constrictors .
he stood at six - two , had arms as thick as tree trunks , dark chocolate skin , and dreads down to the middle of his back .
on the evening before their scheduled departure from nonpareil , with guards at a pleasantly unassuming distance away , staid and constance sat alone near a pond at twilight , staid stretched out on his back in the grass , and constance sitting up against the trunk of a tree , with a book in her lap .
uwe was a blonde , teutonic - looking fellow , with narrow shoulders and a thick waist that made his hefty body look like a tree trunk .
in a moment the ferns were gone , it was brighter and the beech trunks were less dense .
this slash of light , though divided by a lattice of foreground branches and trunks , almost hurt my eyes , accustomed as i was to the flat light of the forest floor .
he lowered the sails and tied the painter to a manuka trunk at the edge of the woods .
everywhere there were ribbed trunks of beech - trees , becoming more stunted with altitude , but useful to grab hold to maintain balance .
i stopped - an arm around a narrow beech trunk .
an outgrowth of moss filled a damp nook between two fallen trunks .
i began to clamber along the bank , weaving in between narrow trunks where the bush closed in .
sullen sons silently wield machetes in a slow skulk down a dusty road long - legged daughters are silent too- spiders sitting idle out front weathered shacks painting glitter over bubblegum polish rainbow curlers bobbing round their heads occasionally stirring odd chicken parts that simmer and brown on the stove all day someone stuck a drying starfish in the mossy palm - trees trunk someone raked dried leaves from the sand early morning shadows flickered cross - hatched on the walls of the thatched roof hut where the hatchet is buried let bygones be bygones stash it flash it mash it up baby wild island dogs curl in sleep- now and then opening a weary eye just to make sure all is still safe secret shack a poem by loretta oleck hidden behind a thicket of boughs alive with snarled vines was a pink shack with a lopsided door- a leaning sentry guarding rotted wood floors and ripped curtains of tangled lace and a broken clocks face where the hands had stopped at half past four snapping open a blade i crudely carved my name above the door then distracted by amezuzahtilted on the frame the blade slipped on the tail of the lettery slashing through history and time splicing through the door screen slicing through my lifeline- a bloodied omen a ticking time bomb scarring my palm i had thought claiming doors would be easy and would make me brave i had no idea my lifeline could be altered with a blade i had thought i was the only jew on this island- apparently others had found this door too saffron life a poem by loretta oleck i lived a saffron life a midnight howl walking winding alleyways of bustling markets following trails past pails of scuttling cobalt crabs and buckets of jasmine rice into the heart of the safflower scent i lived a saffron life plaiting my past from spiceberry silk a velvet widow spider in a vacant window frame weaving gossamer curtains to be pulled up or down depending upon my darkest or lightest mood or the squall of the caribbean wind or the direction of the rooftop weather vane i followed shadows of patterned cloth swaying like dancers holding tight to wooden clothespins straddling the frayed line down a crooked path towards arms outstretched into the sun silk center of the labyrinth diana a poem by clinton van inman drag your white skull before blind seas that tumble dazed to your mono - eyed magic .
the lean , lone silhouette of a driftwood trunk juts up from the jumble of mammoth boulders that line town and act as a protector from the harsh october storms .
she had always been that mom , the one who tossed footballs at tree trunks and sledded down hills and splashed in muddy water hip to hip with her offspring .
he took to the right , heading west down the road enclosed by trees on either side with trunks tied tight with vines .
the dim moonlight allowed him only to see the first few treesthick outlines of trunks .
he threw it and stuck it into the trunk of a small tree .
sage hung the skin of the rabbit on the trunk of a tree and , from thirty paces , threw his spear , ax , and knife .
a bullet ricocheted off the trunk of a tree near juanitas head !
the only sound the gunman made was his body sliding down the trunk of the tree .
if the boss could understand the root issue , he would be spared of the trouble , time and energy to explain the trunk , branches and leaves .
that dark hollow in its trunk looks like a screaming mouth and the knobbly old branches at the side look like arms trying to pounce on you every time you come out of the hall .
puffed the sweating viscount as he finally pushed his way through the throng of members crowded around his ball , to find it nestled up against one of the large trunks and surrounded by dense fern .
everyone in the vicinity ducked as it ricocheted off branches and trunks above their heads .
you can walk all the way along the trunk to the top of the tree .
the branches are so big that the top of the trunk is still way off the ground and there are lots of hidey - holes underneath that would make a perfect spot for a cubby .
we leaned two sheets of tin against each side of the tree trunk , kind of like a tent , and then we made it longer with bits of wood and sticks .
we could still walk along the tree trunk and everything .
tom and i arranged an extra layer of branches over the outside of the cubby while ed covered the top from where he was standing on the tree trunk .
ed walked down the tree trunk and landed with a deliberate thud behind him .
we sat on the old tree trunk that had fallen across the water years ago , making a bridge .
we went back outside and walked along the tree trunk .
i noticed that someone had twisted the rope around the trunk of the tree to make the swing shorter .
i told dianne i would give her a push , so we got up to walk back down the trunk .
i raced down the trunk and knelt beside her .
we were walking along the tree trunk and she slipped and fell .
what the bloody hell were you doing walking along a tree trunk ?
i looked over and saw a bright green snake sliding up the trunk of a tree .
i brushed the tree trunk for creepy crawlies before sitting down and dangling my feet over the edge .
the trunk flew off .
elliot watched a squirrel foraging for nuts pick his way helter - skelter across the leaf - strewn lawn before disappearing up the scarred trunk of a maple tree .
reaching out , harry placed his hand against the trunk .
vanessa grips the edge of her seat around every curve and her eyes go a little wide and fearful flicking now up to the curving black trunks of the naked trees just coming into bud that whir past like the lines of the bar - code she is n't used to this she comes from the city she grew up in the city in a jersey suburb anyway that 's close enough she works in the city in among high rises and the smog and the sound and the slow deadening crawl and she is not used to this unbound almost reckless speed .
there was something there , propped up against a tree trunk like a rag doll .
the trunk divided her face into two unequal sections .
i can roll myself up into a ball and nestle at the base of the trunk .
the trunk itself protrudes from the ground in an unnatural way .
children play on the tree , and it has names and things from vandals on the trunk .
individual trunks of many trees rose to connect into one inter - connected crown .
on the trunk of each tree was a brass box in which were kept white cards that told their family histories , the stories that traced the ancestors of each of the children and both of their adopted parents .
laura could barely remember anything except the bare forest floor and how the trees were trimmed so high that the straight trunks were like cathedral columns .
it was tom who could remember what it looked like to see a great old beautiful tree lying dead on the ground , buds still breaking for weeks with the insistent force of life still coming from the great fuse of its trunk .
all the players were bare to the waist skin heads in the boxer trunks and black shoes .
he obviously had spent many , many hours pumping weights , sculpting his body so that his stocky trunk and arms looked like heavy faded white roots .
they walked slowly to the old black willow that had fallen forward into the water and ian only had to give laura a slight lift and she was sitting securely on the deep ribbed bark of the horizontal trunk .
tom and megan were looking at a sculpture that was really a bench made from the curved trunk of a maple that had rotted from the inside leaving a four inch crust of hard wood from which miss brown had peeled the bark , and trimmed perfectly smooth with a spoke shave .
laura had taken to going for long walks on the beach , sitting alone for a long time on the trunk of the black willow that had lain down in the wind into the water so that half its branches had rooted in the sand by the shore .
when they got to lauras willow , she patted the flat trunk and ian jumped up and sat in front of her .
the lid was a single piece of walnut with the family tree and its many trunks chip - carved into the wood on both sides .
i rested wearily against the trunk .
outside the window , rudolph has come back in from the sea and is rubbing off the last of the soft velvet coating from his antlers against a rough tree trunk .
he rides upon a black elephant with feathery tusks and talons upon the tip of its trunk , and fins and blowholes like those of a whale which allow the snarling pachyderm to journey about for long distances by sea .
she would search for that drifting deadwood and grab at it with both arms fearfully and mechanically , holding the floating trunk to her bosom with the misapplied dependence of ardent faith , aggressively defending it as though it were an extension of her , kicking at pursuing sharks who wished not so much to eat her , as to gnash their teeth against the wood and use it as a toothpick to purge themselves of the taste of that mornings repast ( of course , by doing so , the sharks would weaken the structural integrity of this makeshift vessel to which she clung , thus provoking her to kick them away out of sheer survivalism ) .
the trunk had lesions and sappy pus running out of cysts .
the small trunks gave no resistance and fell as soon as the metal teeth ripped through them .
they followed grandfather up a drainage choked with downed timber , clambering over tree trunks and squeezing under them .
he had dreamt the night before about flying , of whishing through some moonlit forest , feet above the ground , nipping between the trunks and branches as the cold night air stung his face and ears and fingers .
then , gradually , the giant would begin turning yellow at the tips of its arms and slightly gray in the trunk where it touched the ground until , within a year , it is mostly yellow while inside it was a putrid pickle , rotting , attacked by fungus and mold , an secret charnel house , eagerly explored by burrowing insects , fungi , geckos , and mold , undergoing years of decomposition , exposed to the elements like the naked body of a warrior by a vengeful enemy , and made food for the birds in the old blind ( blind ! )
the bent trunk of the rus lancia tree , a transplant from africa , writhed in the very center of that bloody zone .
the deep saturated chestnut on the trunk of a palo verde and the lovely , dull greens gave way to delightful ocher sand .
we turned onto another ridge and my world spooled out light cadmium yellow , mostly from the papery flower heads of the desert marigold , and mashed it into the greens and the grays of lichen on the rocks ; it mingled with orange and greenish black into the olive tones of these different palo verde tree trunks and the russet raspberry stain which dribbled aimlessly over the faces of the rocky road cut .
this big cloud tore his image to shreds , but slowly , first taking away the mule and then his feet , his straddled legs , the saddle , his lower trunk , his jacket and finally his horrible grimacing head with its one thick sideburn .
she led ralph over to a maple tree ; he lifted his hind leg , a ceremonial gesture , and anointed the trunk .
blazing star , she pointed to a charred tree trunk nearby .
therefore , he leaned comfortably against a tree trunk and jeered at him , little man , are you coming perhaps to break my neck ?
then they buried her in the trunk of an old oak , and all went back to the capital , where hans bear , the king , reigned for many years with his beautiful wife , happy and at peace .
on this , under the trunk of an old willow , lay a gray , flat stone .
krahirius flew forward with outstretched wings and settled on the tree trunk .
once they had advanced for a considerable time between the tall trunks of the oaks and beeches , the girl took the hand of the young man .
the might trunk was completely hollowed , and the darkness that prevailed within seemed to lead deep into the abyss of the earth .
suddenly maren stood and leaned with closed eyes on the trunk of a willow .
the gnarled trunks of trees surrounded me in all directions .
my kindred had barely shivered as birds settled in their branches , but they shuddered as ants and beetles burrowed into their bark , as bears and leopards scraped their claws on the tree trunks .
and he set a serpent to guard the trunk and branches of my tree .
because i had the strength in my trunk , in my branches and my roots .
until the woman , seeking sport , wrapped her legs around my trunk and clambered her way up into my leaves , calling to the man below her and laughing at his surprise .
had not god set him to guard my trunk and branches ?
and so instead of hindering , he helped let eve press her bare foot upon his back , strengthened his spine to hold her weight as she used his sleek body , wrapped around the rougher bark of my trunk as rungs in her climb to the branches .
she and adam shaped my trunk and branches , made of me a house , a home .
he ate one of the granola bars and swallowed a little water , and after a short rest he found he was able to crawl out of the sleeping bag and even to stand up , bracing himself on the trunk of his pine tree .
he stood up slowly , without answering , leaning on the tree trunk .
the unrelenting hand of the wind and the weight of the winter snows had flattened the trees into a crouch almost parallel to the slope and left them barely waist high , but their trunks were a foot in diameter .
with enormous care he hitches closer to the tree trunk and turns to face it .
the trick here is to pee directly against the trunk , at close range ; surface tension and the dryness of the air will prevent any telltale moisture from reaching the ground .
as his bladder gratefully empties against the tree trunk , he pictures himself describing this scene to her , the two of them smiling with their wine glasses at a table shadowed by a trellis of grapevines in that outdoor cafe in iraklion , while mediterranean breezes twirl the benevolent shades of the minoans around them ... as the flow dwindles , he glances down along the tree trunk , to reassure himself that all is well .
as his bladder gratefully empties against the tree trunk , he pictures himself describing this scene to her , the two of them smiling with their wine glasses at a table shadowed by a trellis of grapevines in that outdoor cafe in iraklion , while mediterranean breezes twirl the benevolent shades of the minoans around them ... as the flow dwindles , he glances down along the tree trunk , to reassure himself that all is well .
he puts the cigarettes away , leans against the trunk of the tree , crosses his arms to still their shaking , and waits .
he threw me in the back of the trunk and hit every bump in the road !
hans meyrick felt himself the pillar , or rather the twisted trunk , round which these feeble climbing plants must cling .
it was a trunk of braided woody vines rooted in dark moist loamy earth .
woody brown vine trunks softened to moist green shoots where his wrists had been , green shoots to tendrils , tendrils to leaves just starting to unfurl .
a breeze swayed the pine boughs far above , the bows slightly twisted the pine trunks at their attachment point , the trunks tilted ever so slightly all the way to the ground and moved the hooks that d been screwed into the trunks to hold the hammock , the metal hooks grated against the metal of the grommets at either end of the hammocks cotton cords , the metal grinding against metal made a slight creak as it caused the hammock holding laura to sway ever so slightly .
a breeze swayed the pine boughs far above , the bows slightly twisted the pine trunks at their attachment point , the trunks tilted ever so slightly all the way to the ground and moved the hooks that d been screwed into the trunks to hold the hammock , the metal hooks grated against the metal of the grommets at either end of the hammocks cotton cords , the metal grinding against metal made a slight creak as it caused the hammock holding laura to sway ever so slightly .
a breeze swayed the pine boughs far above , the bows slightly twisted the pine trunks at their attachment point , the trunks tilted ever so slightly all the way to the ground and moved the hooks that d been screwed into the trunks to hold the hammock , the metal hooks grated against the metal of the grommets at either end of the hammocks cotton cords , the metal grinding against metal made a slight creak as it caused the hammock holding laura to sway ever so slightly .
but the devastating ice storm a few years back , which came in the late fall while the bradford pears still had most of their leaves clinging to their branches , had decimated those beautiful trees , tearing off limbs large and small , leaving lop - sided canopies and , in one case , nothing more than a trunk pointed like an accusatory finger at the sky .
but several times over the years he d come close to calling the tree man to come take them all downlooking at their scarred trunks and lop - sided canopies , and recalling their former beauty and gracefulness , was almost too much to bear .
her voice was everywhere , unavoidable like sap running down a trunk trapping unsuspecting insects .
their branches would intertwine and their trunks would bevel out where they met .
it was like the roots of a tree surged against one another and rose from the earth to form a trunk .
how brave they were to plant their wistful groupings of pink and white impatiens around the trunks of puny trees on busy streets , their straggly vines in pots on fire escapes .
that bothered me as i stood there beside the bent trunk of the rus lancia and the sad semicircle of bottle brushes in the white gravel .
but no , he was nt standing , really : he appeared to be holding some sort of posture : his legs were spread somewhat wider than his shoulders , his knees bent to the point that his thighs , which seemed as thick and powerful as tree trunks , were parallel to the damp tile floor .
tachyons neck , where she sat , was as wide as the trunk of a regular horse , and felt nearly identical to such : velvety and smooth , and warmed by the sun .
eighty or even a hundred feet tall , with huge , gnarled trunks , heart - shaped green leaves wide as a big mans hand , and thick , rough , gray - brown boughs that spread high overhead .
there she learned she had a another new ability when she found she was able to lift yaekos legs while holding yaekos trunk upright , thereby allowing her to lower yaeko to a ready sitting position on the sand itself .
branches and trunks crackled in protest .
he looked monstrously funny as he got back onto his trunk like legs .
juices , the consistency of single cream , oozed out and coagulated on the fruit and were then scraped off with a long wooden spatula and allowed to drop into a canvas trap , the circumference of the average trees leaf cover , attached onto the trunk , halfway between crown and ground .
dude , i said , his shlong is longer than his trunk .
the crooked branches of creosote bushes filled in the middle band of foliage wherever the slender trunks of trees had left a gap .
in sketching out the basic form of the sculpture , he discovered that it appeared to be a tree with a womans upper body peeking around the trunk .
as she leaned against a sturdy trunk and gazed at the yellowing tips of the tall cottonwoods of the jacobson place , she found irony in having left the reception because shed felt claustrophobic in danes world .
the midday sun wasbeating down on me but there was no shelter to be seen : therewere few trees in sight and most of these were far off the roadwith manybranches torn off , and their trunks ravished by the gnawing goats .
he snorted dismissively , which through a trunk as long ashis came out almost as a trumpet call .
wesheltered under the shade of the massive overwhelming oak treeswhose bark was protected from vandalism by vicious spikes forcedinto the trunk .
the cross was exquisitelyornate depicting an elephant heroicallybrandishing a sword in his trunk .
it sped along black tarmac past fields of cattle , wheat and barley , demarcated by tall trees with white - painted trunks which filed past with the same regularity as the white markings in the centre of the road .
squirrels , both red and grey , were running up and down the tall tree trunks .
an enormous giant with half his body missing walking on tree trunks .
chad crawled to the trunk and looked up .
he crept back , leaned against the trunk and began to tremble .
he leaned against the trunk .
he was tired and slid down the trunk until he sat on the ground .
the explosion tore a large piece of trunk from the tree and butch was covered in a shower of wood chips and twigs .
they would now cut off the branches and leave the trunk in large pieces .
he had drawn a tree , upside down on the page ; the root was the top rectangle labelled bones and it grew into a trunk soul then willow then into a tangle of branches at the bottom , each labelled tree parts .
if there were no answer then he would take the chain saw from the trunk and cut down the tree .
first the outer branches , then under the tree to its trunk .
at the driveway he stopped and stared at the tree , mentally going through the motions : cut the branches , then the trunk , watch it fall , dig the hole , pour the gasoline , light the match .
a squirrel or two dashed up the bare trunk of the scraggly tree on the mound in front as i passed , but no - one else paid me a bit of attention .
josh stepped around channie and yanked a rosemary bush off the trunk before she had a chance to warn him .
channie set it back on the trunk , but she could nt let go .
she could still see the fuzzy outline of momma and daddys bed , their dressing table , and the lacy pattern of the plants on top of mommas trunk .
she stood up , gathered her magic again and aimed a narrow , focused beam at the rusted lock on the trunk with a single finger .
channie clutched the smooth white trunk of an aspen tree to keep from falling .
its height at the center was twelve feet above a circular table that had been fitted around the smooth white bark of the tree 's trunk .
halverton and margarete leaned their backs against a tree trunk , holding their plates over their laps .
i know this is how girls end up in the trunks of abandoned cars , she said .
meghraj emphasized that if the trunk of the tree was cut halfway through at the opposite side of the inclination , the enormous tree would crumble on its own weight .
bricks and cement were carried by vans from meghrajs shop and sand from the river bed and the mason constructed a strong platform encircling the trunk in a few days .
ii a large squirrel scurried down the trunk of the tree and perched fearlessly on dhaneshs arm , looked up with its round deep eyes at his sad countenance and then glided down his body raising a tickling sensation and started feeding on the crumbs of biscuits scattered on the cemented platform .
he hastily drank a draught of haria and shook off all hesitations to strike the bark hard and an agonizing shriek of pain from above the branches subdued the thud made by the axe at the contact with the hard crust of the trunk making the birds around flutter away screeching .
gradually the barks were removed from the area in between the two parallel circles marked by chalk and the bone - like inner part of the trunk was laid bare .
dhanesh cleaned the cut off part of the trunk with dry leaves and pasted the edges with mashed kendra grass .
he was amazed to see the neatly cut opening on the trunk of the tree and he was all praise for the aesthetic sense of the madesia axe - man .
but this time a leopardess settled at a bushy ditch close to my trunk to protect her cubs from their father who if found alone would kill and eat the small cubs .
he heard the clucks of the cocks while he reached the field and in the barely visible light of dawn observed that a thick crust of gum had accumulated in the three inch deep opening cut out by him the day before on the trunk of the tree .
he struck the bonny part of the tree and the continuous contact of the sharp edge of the axe with the trunk made a series of monotonous sharp sounds that echoed in the forest and snippets of timber started assailing the bare part of his body .
he then picked out the large chopper , bent backwards and started smoothing the uneven furrow on the trunk after drying his body with a towel .
after lunch he leaned against the trunk of the tree .
dhanesh cleared the dirt from the chink on the trunk of the tree and started applying the chemical to the spot and in a moment the tree shivered as though in pain .
he knew the ant hills , but for this large cut on the trunk of the tree thousands of ants would be needed to get adequate chemical from their spit .
a small goat was tied as the bait to the trunk of a tree clearly within the range of the rifle of the hunter .
the tree may break off from the uncut trunk and hit dhanesh or it may roll down on its own weight after falling and crush dhanesh .
if the tree remained attached with the trunk by the thick bark , it was to be isolated carefully and then the small branches were to be cut off .
a muffled click and the trunk arched open .
when he tried to close the trunk it would not catch .
even the tree trunks are straight and have whitewash up to where the limbs start .
another one runs up behind and pounds his fist in the middle of the trunk , makes a big thud , even rings a little .
the next day was sunny and still again as if nothing had happened , but in a matter of hours , it seemed , there were william shakespeare type neck ruffs of green lacy weeds around the roots of gaunt tree trunks so twisted with light , they seemed as graceful as ballet dancers and without weight .
the people were so dark - skinned that in the evening light they seemed like shadows or burnt tree trunks .
all around them , twigs , leaves and trunks trickled and dripped .
euro pop pumps from speakers fastened to palm tree trunks .
floating that short stretch of the clackamas offered the geography of the world , it seemed then rocky cliffs , sandy shore , low valley of horses there , bank of river rocks here , then clay plateaus , then overlooks with majestic houses and , in - between , trees and trees with moss on trunks , the high noon sun painting it all in vivid browns , greens , grays and blues .
the hunter moved to a tree , untied a cord from the trunk , and fed it out .
broken trunks leaned over one another to create a dark entrance .
leaning against the hard , flat - faced trunk of a birch , i opened my book again .
near the top of the rock face , 20 or 30 feet above and to the right of a flat working area where the trucks were being loaded , were several men with sledge hammers , steel pry bars and wooden poles made from the 4 or 5 diameter tree trunks , working on the rock face .
clancy had invented a new method of interleaving the branches around some bare tree trunks , much stronger than the normal structures used by the other camps .
without warning peter sat down on pips trunk opposite .
it proceeded down a winding dirt road past the oppressive trunk of an old white oak and then took a right before continuing along the paved road .
the dark greens of the leaves , the graceful twists of tree trunks , the lack of traffic noise or harsh angles of those seventies style buildings all combined to make this a soothing walk .
at the parking lot , i sat carefully on the rusted trunk of mias old honda civic .
here was sitting on the trunk of the jaguar .
robert also got to hear about the old tree trunk .
it was a large tree that toppled decades ago leaving a large gnarled trunk with a plethora of holes in it .
when the wind swept over the trunk ( as it did quite often up in the mountains ) , it make an eerie howling , and rumor had it if you listened close to one of the holes during this wail , you could hear the muttering of trent frennur , as if his ghost was unwilling to release his hold on the mountain and surrounding villages .
ryan made robert stick his head in the tree trunk , and robert swore he could hear trent muttering about killing someone , partly to annoy ryan who heard nothing , but mostly because he did hear something .
he was under the old tree trunk .
this dream consisted only of the museum and the howling tree trunk described in the first two chapters , but it led to the climax of the book , and from there , during many a lunch break and late evening , i found my way to this book .
i liked the royals the most out of the selection of palm trees in florida because of their majestic trunk and height .
aarons aunt insisted the shrubs be trimmed in a perfect ball above their four - foot trunks and refused to accept that nature did not exactly intend this shape .
climbing the rungs so that his hand was at a height of just about eight feet , the officer looked down into the shrub and saw a handgun wedged between two branches at the trunk .
he hesitated briefly then turned completely around and ran back to the trunk of the nissan .
the heavy vines entangled the trunks of the trees above and provided a well - screened blind overlooking the trail a few metres below .
when he returned to the car , beautyman crawled over the backseat and into the long trunk of the station wagon .
grey felt it too : like ivy winding round a tree trunk matters night were becoming indistinguishable from matters mars , so , which one of us is going to say it first ?
he pointed to a row of little buildings facing just away from them , the nearest seeming to form out of its unmown lawn as the trunk of an oak does from the forest floor , the structure the same for all in the row intentionally featureless but for windows that , like in a childs drawing , were small and different - sized and pushed up into the corners and along the edges of the buildings face , leaving an expanse of uniform brickwork at its centre , look at those lopsided eyes madness ; and how little light you d get inside .
studsy trotted over to the trunk and pounded on its deck .
a gnarled tree stood tall in front of me , a twisted trunk and ragged branches jutting off in all directions .
with a rap on the trunk of the car the officer left for the detachment .
a large oak tree stands among the pines and spruces , and beneath it are two young boys , sitting with their backs against the wide trunk .
the cigar the size of a tree trunk hung precariously from his lower lip until the weight alone sent it careening down onto the green felt table .
a tree trunk with ears .
sam removed the grapevine tree trunk arrangement from the center of the table .
george lowered his tall frame onto a felled tree trunk , pulled out his knife , and slowly ran it across the back of his hand .
the sandblasted grapevine tree trunk was back in the center of the table with all its greenery , fake cactus , and flowers .
through the windshield she saw a tree leaning over her car ; halfway up its trunk a massive gash showed where the fallen limb had been attached .
i saw the spark of a bullet off the trunk , then more heat in my back as i yelled wordlessly , tyler , do nt worry , i m okay , i m okay .
she sprang to her feet and ran forward , placed both hands on the trunk , legs stretched out behind .
the first girl had by now also placed her hands on the trunk of the car , positioning her body in a similar blocking position as her compatriot .
they removed their hands from the trunk of ellas car , and stood back with their arms crossed , cocky smiles splayed across their suburban faces .
the boyfriend approached ellas mercedes , and raised his weapon high over the gleaming trunk .
she walked fifty feet away and sat against the thick trunk of a mango tree .
we walked back to the house through a stand of tamarind trees with thick trunks tangled with passion fruit vines .
i heard her slap the tree trunk and bits of snow floated down and landed on my head .
hood , who pulled a bundle of copper pipes from the trunk of a car .
i allowed myself a moment to be proud of myselfreveling in what i d accomplishedbut the cockiness barely had a chance to settle because next thing i knew , tires screeched and an angry hand was flat on my back , shoving me face - first into the trunk of a car .
there were no lights on that side of the property and a few trees nearby let you safely bob from the wild grasses to the trunks without having to step out into the open .
she had squeaked into a prime location behind a tree with a trunk like a beer mug , but it was starting to get tough to stand still .
joey put his hands on the trunk of the car and sloan pushed him forward so that joey 's face hit the trunk .
joey put his hands on the trunk of the car and sloan pushed him forward so that joey 's face hit the trunk .
the brightness of the light lit up the entire front yard which was empty except for two squirrels scurrying up the trunk of the tree .
even better , how would he look in swim trunks ?
but he stood there as solid and unmoving as a tree trunk .
and their gaudiness makes it hard not to notice the trunk .
i peered into the small space i d made by carefully pulling the label away from the surface , although i could get only one side peeled up enough to reveal a gap ; all the rest of the label was stuck tight to the trunk .
ill put the trunk in its own little circle up here .
bethany followed meredith , glaring the entire way , to the trunk .
some blackened , others gray , trunks stood in varying stages of decay , victims to the slew of storms that ripped through the area several years back .
in some areas the trees were thinned , sunlight casting slim shafts of light through the tree tops , a few patches making it midway down tree trunks .
pushing branches out of her way , she made a beeline for her target , detoured several times by massive tree trunks and insurmountable gray boulders splotched by patches of white fungus .
stepping toward the rotting tree trunk , she grabbed a stick and began to poke around .
he lost his balance , sending his shoulder into a tree trunk .
trees were an assortment of dark trunks , narrow and thick .
lowering the camera , delaney moved over a fallen tree trunk , careful not to step on a branch and bring attention to herself .
winded , she sank to a seat on a fallen tree , its trunk split open near the baselightning most probably the cause .
through the black trunks of trees , leaves of green , over rocks and plants , he was alone .
huddled between a twin pair of massive trunks , she downed the remainder of her water and slid the empty bottle into her backpack .
chapter nineteen standing in front of the golden rock , nick scanned the abundance of trees , the trunks black sticks against a backdrop of sea green .
several tree trunks stood near the road as it narrowed into the forest .
trees and curves dominated now , reducing visibility to nothing but leaves and tree trunks .
as the truck hit a tree trunk with a sickening crunch , delaney drove down into the lap on her right .
its still in the trunk of the mercedes .
he was standing with the trunk of his mercedes open .
we emptied the contents of the fast food bag onto the car 's trunk and started to dig in .
what finally does happen is that the car comes to a stop on old tree road , and the man gets out , takes the body from the trunk .
i can see the trunk .
she was seated on a round wooden bench built around the trunk of an enormous oak tree , with her two spaniels beside her .
` ` according to a witness , she just jumped off a footbridge , onto the aire valley trunk road , '' said the nurse , ignoring me completely .
as he walked away , past the metal pipe sticking straight out of the tree trunk , she realized in a small way that he was right .
i ve just about cut through the trunk .
the tree wobbled briefly in my grasp as the trunk was freed from its earthly stump .
some do it in the cavities of tree trunks or a bird house .
hugh set off at a run , and joan was right on his heels , leaping a rotting trunk , dodging around a rocky ravine .
hugh was at her side , staring at the rope in confusion , where it now hung looped over the outstretched trunk .
pushing away from the picnic table , she sauntered to the source of the deep shade , and leaned against the trunk of an enormous walnut tree .
screaming , while kicking my feet against the top of the trunk , i need for someone to hear me in hopes they will stop her and get grant .
i ve seen sap drip down the trunk of a maple tree faster .
frannie tripped on a root but caught herself on a tree trunk before she went down completely .
he took the flashlight from phillips and focused it on the area nearest the tree trunk .
besides , there were two of them , and one of them , the one that used me as a punching bag , had a tree trunk for a body .
he duck taped part of the back window and this morning we took turns kicking the trunk .
beneath it , in front of us and along the black eastern horizon lightning forked down in brilliant trunks , searching , finding .
he felt his ribs , stood up , and fell back against the trunk of a live oak , his face crumpled in pain .
it was well off the road and hidden by thick vegetation that grew on and around the trunks of the large hickories and water oaks that shaded it .
he hit a cypress knee , mud , and then pulled himself around behind a smooth grey trunk as two snaps from matt 's automatic sounded in quick succession .
on a fat oak tree , a witch on a broom is wrapped around the trunk as if she smashed into it going at warp speed .
she pointed to the trunk of a giant faux redwood tree located in the center of the room .
i could just see smithsons house past the tree trunk .
the parking brake brought us to an unsure stop in front of the tree trunks .
he pulled over to the side of the road , got out and leaned into the trunk .
the cop was out of the car and crouched behind the trunk , with his gun out , pointing directly at me , when i realized i did nt have any brakes .
i saw a man , small , but built like a miniature tree trunk , lift a bass guitar out of a stand .
thick green trees with big brown trunks greeted her on the right first , then as she climbed farther down a panoramic view of a little green valley beckoned her on the left as the road turned and hugged the edge of a steep hill .
do you see its big trunk ?
if i m not using a surface lure for bass , odds are ill catch a branch or a trunk down in the dark holes , assuming i miss the rocks , of course .
the darkness of the shores seemed a bit more pronounced , and the shores seemed more clogged with old tree trunks than most lakes .
i was leaning my pack against a tree trunk when a figure carrying a canoe came up a small hill and into view .
the canopy of dark hemlock far overhead , the rows of trunks rising like pillars around us , and beams of yellow sunlight tinged with green cutting the air and patterning the brown forest floor ... .
we marked the best routes as we found them , so samuels people could follow , using red ribbon on the tree trunks .
also according to the locals , his body was found nailed to a tree trunk a week later on bateau island .
there are the tumbled trunks of old willows where the tornado came through a few years ago .
unlike a frog , i said , trying to push a waterlogged tree trunk away from the canoe , a snapping turtle is so heavily armored that there is nt enough surface area .
he braced himself against the bottom of the trunk and his hand scraped against the fastener on the cover to the spare tire well .
he propped himself up on his elbows , braced his feet against the trunk , and scrabbled at the fastener with both hands .
he went around to the trunk and stood back about a foot and a half .
as the trunk lifted up in a slow smooth motion , the guy sprang up and shined a flashlight right in gregors face .
staples riddled their split trunks from flyers and advertisements long gone .
the orange trees were bare and leafless , the bark brown , the skin beneath , a light yellow where it had peeled away from the trunks .
its massive trunk shot up from the ground , thick as a brick chimney , and fat branches led this way and that , perfect for climbing .
jason stood up , leaned against where the fat branch met the trunk and took a deep breath .
tearing at some loose bark on the trunk of the tree , jason reassured him .
steve and i sat on two plastic crates we had saved for seats and jason and cory perched themselves on the low branch that jutted out from the trunk .
jason dodged left and ran around the trunk of the massive tree .
slowly moving around the trunk , steve shot his head from side to side to keep track of his adversary .
our new fort was now nothing but a pointy , black trunk and ash .
this one had a net suspended over it in which rested a trunk .
it still waited to be chopped into barbecue wood , although the squirrels had rescued most of the pecans from the laden branch , easier pickings than hauling their fat tummies up and down the tree trunk .
morning mist shrouded the rose bushes , trellises , and tree trunks .
it hit a tree trunk and bounced off .
i rushed past him and flattened myself across the trunk , arms spread and buttocks nestled against the lock .
i scrambled away like the trunk had burned my ass and raced to my cohorts .
sir gary obediently materialized behind the trunk .
the total december experiment original story ( beginning ) by lorna lynne kreimer aka : : : irishlass prologue karyn leaned against the huge trunk of the live oak tree .
she had snuggled into a crevice of the buttressed trunk of the ancient tree with a pillow behind her head and shoulders to cushion her from the furrowed and stratified bark .
the only things visible that indicated a crime had taken place , other than the yellow tape , were dark rust colored stains that were spattered on areas of the tree trunk and which matted together the crushed grass where she had lain .
moisture , coolness and shade had provided a perfect home for the moss clinging to the tree trunks .
# he stood in the shadows under the great tree leaning against the trunk and enjoying the soft gleam of the lights spilling from the windows of the cottage .
but he kept his hand on the trunk .
they were outside , and john looked at him , suddenly terrified , and put a hand to the trunk of a tree as if for strength .
john was leaning his head back against the trunk of the tree .
the lenses of the tree cameras were mostly very small , and tucked into holes made in branches , or in the trunk .
the light illuminated the back yard and the trunks of the trees in the woods behind .
she tripped over an old rope , landing on an old trunk .
the trunk would be about twenty inches long and fifteen inches high .
approximately twenty inches long , as april had predicted , the outside of the trunk was in excellent condition .
what can you learn from examining this trunk ?
the largely north - south orientation of the hydroflex powergrid main trunk line was of great help , as it showed up very clearly on my energy sensitive array .
he peered at the offending growths : scabrous trunks arcing fifty feet up to crowns of puny fronds .
lee dropped at the foot of a gnarled trunk and crossed her legs in lotus position .
cross - legged before the dappled tree trunk , amid the dust and buzzing bugs , she told her story in long , formal cadences , like a holy man rolling out a parable : how shed introduced herself to hammond and questioned him about things spiritual ; how kind he d been and patient ; how he d offered her a job and how fulfilled shed been working for him ; how their rapport had grown and how , at length , in a natural convergence of body and spirit , they had become completely one .
tree trunk after tree trunk , receding into darkness .
tree trunk after tree trunk , receding into darkness .
in the end , and conscious that they were running out of time , they had contented themselves with a snog and a grope leaning up against the trunk of a tall , birch tree .
as quickly and as quietly as possible , rob shrank away from the boats cover and found for himself a place of concealment just off the path , behind the trunk of a large beech tree , from where he could still see the moored vessel .
much more likely , and the sort of evidence that he was hoping to find would be a footprint , possibly some distinctive scratch marks on the trunk of a tree , maybe even some hairs or a scat if he was lucky .
bright orange , it clung to the trunk of a tree in concentric bands , like the rings of gas and matter encircling the planet saturn .
she pointed back the way she had come and where a large , golden retriever could just been seen , some distance away , emerging from behind the cover afforded by the broad trunk of a large oak tree .
the ground here , sandwiched between the canal on one side and the river on the other , was boggy and water - logged , and the lower portion of each tree trunk here was submerged to a depth of several inches in black , still waters , across the top of which , in several places , thick , lime - green pond weed had formed a beguiling carpet , giving an initial impression of permanence and stability .
tree trunk after tree trunk , receding into darkness ...
tree trunk after tree trunk , receding into darkness ...
as it was , he was walking blind , aware with every step that he might slip and fall , or walk straight into an unseen tree trunk or prickly bramble .
below , in the tangle of the nether boughs , and lower still , close to the ground , where the straight trunk disappeared and merged with the surrounding vegetation , no light penetrated , or at least only the narrowest ray , a faint beam barely strong enough to reflect back from the vivid yellow iris and narrow , black , slitted pupil that shone out clear , like a brilliant gemstone in the darkness .
mishok had very strange appendages , comparable to the trunk of an elephant .
arphallo caught only a frozen heartbeat glimpse of a great pillar of rough shadow , the trunk of a great oak tree .
its a trunk .
a large streamer trunk hurtled into his back , pushing his face into the hard edge of a metal case that was floating by .
i noisily plowed through the underbrush , grabbing small tree trunks and sturdy bushes to pull myself upward .
a man sat on the rim of the open trunk of the car , his arms folded .
i climbed up that branch until i was hugging the trunk of the tree above the razor wire .
i slid down the trunk , but my foot caught on the stub of a branch , propelling me away from the tree and down the steep slope .
my face was scraped from sliding down the tree trunk .
i veered to be shielded by a thick trunk and kept on climbing .
he saw a jc baby spoon stabbed in the trunk by the pointed chameleon 's horns on the spoon handle .
martin 's left side was toward me , his back against the thick trunk of a live oak , and he was looking several degrees whiter than he had when i 'd left .
simeon angrily tossed a beer can against the tree , sending a line of foam across the trunk .
he moved jack lawson , whom he had originally jammed into the honda accord 's trunk , to the back of the ford windstar .
the man nodded quickly and ducked into the trunk .
but now , a guy wearing a gray suit , slumped against the trunk of the oak tree .
` ` and she 's just gon na be sitting at the corner on the trunk of her car , chin in her hands , waiting for you ? ''
i peered around the oak 's trunk cautiously .
for a few more seconds , i hugged close to the trunk of the tree , waiting to see if a light would come on .
but the dogwood i glimpsed , perhaps twenty feet into the woods , was beautiful , its flowers glowing like pale butterflies among the dark branchless trunks of the slash pines .
and it had felt like kicking a tree trunk .
it felt like kicking a tree trunk .
she crawled from the grave with her eyes closed and did n't stop until her shoulder hit a tree trunk .
he dived to the concrete path , using the trunk of one of the silver firs for cover .
he stayed in a crouch and moved as fast as he could , using the tree trunks for protection .
the surrounding pines were old growth , their trunks wide with decades of life .
droopy seemed to hear the steps and rose up from the trunk .
lord nestled the front bumper close to the trunk of an oversized oak .
ahead , the trunk of another car rapidly approached .
he twists the base so the trunk turns and the tree spins slowly .
* * * one week later gretchen stared at the thirtieth letter and contemplated burning the entire trunk of them .
when she finished transcribing the latest description of what bushes were flowering and how many times the neighbor had visited lulabelle , she carefully folded the letter back into the yellowed envelope and replaced it in its spot in the trunk .
i fell to my knees at the base of the tree and leaned against the trunk .
still grinning at me , jude kicked his boots off and leapt into the trunk .
i stopped to rest , leaning against a large trunk .
the other quotes written around what looked like knots in the trunk , the little pictures hidden on leaves and branches .
there was a long , thick branch about twenty feet up , easy to climb to , and we frequently sat on that branch together , his back to the trunk , my back to his chest .
even over the harsh cry of the wind i could hear the trunks creaking .
all i could see was the brown trunk wet and glinting black against the sky , the green needles fluttering in the wind .
the house was crushed , the right side obliterated by the tree trunk .
kyle 's camaro was crushed as well , windshield splintered , hood and roof and trunk flattened .
kyle was beneath the tree trunk , his legs scrabbling for purchase in the mud and the gravel .
i reached his feet , draped myself over the trunk between foot - thick branches broken into jagged spears .
colton did n't say anything , just settled his suit coat over my shoulders and leaned back against the tree trunk , white button down soaking through to show his skin , and the dark ink of a tattoo on his arm and shoulder .
i put a palm to the tree trunk to balance myself .
over the years kyle and i had turned the spot into a clubhouse of kinds , weaving branches together and old boards and pieces of tin from the junkyard around the thick trunk so that we had an enclosed area .
i knew how many branches the tree had , knew the scar of an ax or saw on one side , the knot near the joining of the trunk and a low branch , the place where birds liked to nest near the top .
i hate how easy he goes on me , but i guess at the same time i 'd regret thinking that way if he decided to hit me with his tree trunk fist .
bare branches stretched up toward her collarbone , and when she leaned over and rested her hands on my table i got a good look at the trunk of the tree disappearing down between the valley of her br**sts .
finally his attention turned to the trunk of the tree that grew up in the valley between my br**sts .
once we entered the parking lot , jack slowed his pace before popping the trunk of our black bmw and unlocking the doors .
meanwhile they drive around in big old caddies with a jesus fish on their trunks , plowing down poor people at walmart like they 're parking cones .
she laughed at his outright joy and freedom , the wheels of the cart spinning rapidly as he raced over the lawn to his favorite tree , and began to do laps round and round the gnarled trunk .
robert seemed able to complete his business under the tree , then broke into a canter , running round and round the tree trunk .
an elaborate vine was tied between two trees to give a mini zip line effect , and a worker helped kids take turns getting strapped into the seat and taking a slide from one trunk to another .
tom began yelling at the cab and slamming his hands on the trunk , but i told the cabbie to step on it .
he ran after me then snagged my hand , swung me back around , and trapped me against a tree trunk .
i lay my head back against the trunk of the tree and closed my eyes feeling sick to my stomach .
i set my helmet on the grass and pick up her books for her as she reaches for her bag over by the bottom of the tree trunk .
i slump back against a tree trunk .
he makes a face as he slams the trunk and then leans against the door , folding his arms and staring out at a tree .
i ask , popping the trunk of the chevelle .
i straightened up and looked over the trunk at camden .
two bullets exploded nearby , one hitting the street , the other hitting the trunk of the car .
the only problem was the ants i saw crawling on the trunk .
i turned at the neighbor 's yard and hid behind one of the lemon trees , peering around the trunk at the stash house .
` ` and this one , '' he says , turning at the waist and pulling up the other sleeve ( first , i notice the obvious outline of his abs underneath his shirt ) , ` ` is my gnarly , sleepy - hollow - lookin ' tree - i have a thing for wicked trees - and if you 'll look real close ... , '' i peer closer where his finger points within the tree trunk , ` ` is my 1969 chevy camaro .
green grass peeked up through the fallen flowers and thick brown trunks rose from the ground .
it looked like a giant bonsai , thick trunk , easily twenty feet around the base , and reached to impossible heights before its canopy shot flat and spread out to a radius of a hundred feet easily .
` ` i know , '' she said , patting its trunk as we passed by it .
it was a two - story cabin with one large wall of windows jutting up and out in the center , but the roof over those windows extended out , covering a large wide deck and was supported by two huge trunks of what looked like very old trees .
i 'd developed a very marked taste for huge men that towered over me and had biceps like tree trunks .
over the years , i 'd seen the sandals , sneakers , boots , and flip flops expand up the trunk of the old maple tree , until almost every branch that could be reached from standing up on the cab of a truck was also covered .
he placed my hands against the rough trunk .
his legs are like the twisted trunks of old trees , nearly as wide as my waist no man i have ever seen looks like him .
i rake my gaze over his broad shoulders , his thick pectoral muscles , his tree trunk - huge arms , the heavy sculpted slab of his abdomen , and then i see the thick ridge of his cock bulging the stretchy gray fabric of his ck boxer - briefs .
the guys are there with a fucking 20 - foot billboard that says ` ` make love to us '' and hard - ons the size of tree trunks , all pointed at you !
when lunch break came that day , mairi quickly hid herself deep in the school 's gardens , her back against the trunk of a large old oak , knees tucked under her chin .
i got a nice look at his bare bottom , round and muscular , and legs like tree trunks .
she 's cut the trunks , so these are designed to die , like everything . ''
knotting his palms to the backs of my hands , he pressed them to the tree trunk .
he took my right hand from the tree trunk and , still pressing my left to the tree , he slid it down my pants .
i pushed his shoulders , and he stepped back into the tree trunk .
karen put her journal on a fallen tree trunk and kicked off her shoes .
it was white , its trunk up and trumpeting .
hulk slid in , twisted his tree trunk neck and aimed his scowl at me .
bud ran into the room in his trunks and a tee .
chapter twenty - one quiet like ` ` thank you , '' i mouthed to the clerk at dillard 's in park meadows mall who was handing me my bag which held six pairs of boys swim trunks , this purchase made because , in two days , brock , joey , rex and i were boarding a plane headed for aruba and i 'd found upon asking them to check that the boys were growing so fast none of their old swim trunks fit .
his shoulders were broad , his legs like tree trunks , his arms like stout branches and he had a big belly that worked on him because it , too , looked solid and it fit in with the rest of his massive physique .
jonas had swim trunks .
i found my spot at the very end in front of the office , parked , shut her down , got out and rounded the trunk , eyes to the bays .
chapter fourteen shattered ty ty walker opened the backdoor to his house and walked in to a big , seriously pissed off black man with tree trunk legs planted apart and beefy arms crossed on his chest .
` ` hey , '' i greeted as i rounded the trunk , seeing they were still where they were when i drove up , woman against the suv , man at the end .
his fighting name fit him perfectly - built like a thousand - year - old tree , his arms were the size of trunks , and his temper was poisonous .
it was leaping and flying over leaves and dodging ancient trunks .
the branches were symmetrically placed , the leaves not exactly thick but its trunk strong enough to take me from earth to sky .
the minute i was sitting , with the roughness of the tree biting into my unprotected behind , i wrapped an arm around the trunk and sat wedged against the wood .
my arms lashed tighter around the trunk .
he smashed the whip against the tree trunk , making me jump .
his fingers dangled the trunks off his finger and he let them fall out of the pool and onto the grass below .
the yellow duck on his trunks was a perfect example of his sense of humour .
without waiting , he slammed the cell phone against the trunk of the tree .
the headlights ricocheted off the trunk , illuminating it for a brief moment before he flipped them off .
lily shivered as he backed her up into the trunk of the tree .
a flash of white on the stairs disappeared behind the trunk of an old cypress tree .
he did n't stop until they hit grass , coming to rest against the trunk of a tree , her body sprawled on top of him .
` ` you 're mine now , '' jason said covetously and backed her up against the large trunk of a tall pine .
whirling around , she braced her hands on the trunk of the tree .
he was pointing at a tree trunk .
s - sorry , i just have a lot of things i have- '' the man had tree trunk for legs and spanned the feet between us in two strides .
the little inlet we are on is shielded from the village by a thick cluster of trees - tall slender coconut trees with their large fanlike leaves and the thicker rainforest ones with gnarled roots the size of elephant trunks .
heart pounding , she spotted seth sitting on the trunk of her sedan , smoking a cigarette .
miranda flew out of his embrace , nearly banging her head against the trunk .
frowning , seth drifted closer and peered into the trunk .
swept up in his sudden switch from contemplative to sexy , sophie did n't register anything unusual about the way he linked her hands together behind the tree trunk .
elroy had always been honest with kyle in one respect : he said he 'd fuck a tree trunk if he was horny enough .
using my hair in his clenched fist , he pinned my head to the trunk of the tree .
using a fistful of my hair , sean bashed the back of my head into the tree trunk .
i put my hand on the back of my head , gently touching , not one , but two goose eggs that had formed sometime after sean had bashed my head into the tree trunk .
bark scraped the flesh at the back of my shoulder as he slid me down the trunk until my feet were on the ground .
he took my wrist in his hand , spun me around so that i was facing the tree and then slammed my hand against the trunk .
i gripped the nearest tree with both my hands and drove my head into the trunk , ripping open a chunk of skin just above my brow .
i spread my fingers into stiff claws and raked them down the length of the tree trunk , tearing off bark , ripping fingernails from the flesh of my fingertips .
the trunk rippled and cracked against the force of my body then split in two halves .
once we neared the trunk , he released my feet and wrapped both arms around my torso .
he tugged at my hand and motioned toward the trunk of the willow tree .
i leaned against the tree trunk , watching the willow branches dance in the balmy breeze .
a huge pile of dried wood was surrounded by chunks of tree trunks to be used as makeshift stools and benches .
i sat on a long piece of trunk and waited as dara went to tell her guests that the bonfire was ready .
when they were done , dara and i fixed a hot dog and sat on the tree trunk i had claimed earlier .
i sat on a tree trunk while she sat on the ground between my legs .
we ducked below the hanging branches that were greening with new growth , and i sat at the base of the trunk .
i leaned against the tree trunk and watched her , relieved to see a smile back on her face .
i remained still , my head tilted back against the trunk , and waited to see what she would do .
she had taken her sandals off and was now sitting on an overturned tree trunk that made a perfect bench .
ben sat on the tree trunk and pulled her down onto his lap so that he could hold her in the circle of his arms .
marina dragged herself down the corridor , her legs two heavy trunks .
as she slowly approached , the shadow , hidden behind the tree trunk , started to take the form of a person .
holding her with his legs along with her trunk , he held her arms by the wrists close to her head .
that said , the demon approached lucas and observed the scars on his trunk , that was painted in scarlet due to the wound opened over his heart .
put your hand around the trunk and pull it up a couple of inches if you can .
after sketching these signs on the trunk of the tree , odin had freed himself .
huge broad back , tree trunk arms supporting more than one tattoo , and not an ounce of fat that i could see , he was a giant brick of solid muscle .
a short , wiry guy and a thick tree trunk of a man .
traces of the deluge were plainly evident , boats that had broken free of their moorings now lay marooned in the meadows , the towpath still lay underwater and the river itself was a muddy torrent carrying dead tree trunks and broken branches downstream .
the woods themselves were thick and shrouded , offering only hints of the terrain beyond between thin tree trunks and dense shrubbery .
satina tried to dig up a fitting retort , but he was off again , pulling himself over a fallen trunk and turning to offer her a hand .
it encompassed a space between two slender trees , and the trunks took up most of the real estate inside the bubble .
the wood the club was made of was jagged , but smooth to the touch , as though chiseled from a tree trunk and then sandpapered with exquisite care .
as the man farthest from him turned around , xin flung the blade with such force into the mans chest that the gunman was thrown back to land hard against a tree trunk .
strolling to a nearby tree , she leaned against the trunk , needing the stability at her back .
nick leaned back against the trunk , rested his hands on his knees trying to catch his breath .
just behind , leaning against the thick expanse of a pine tree trunk , stood a naked man .
somewhere up ahead , chogan led the way , covering mile after mile of forest terrain , leaping over small streams , from boulder to boulder , soaring over fallen tree trunks .
dawn had arrived , and between the expanse of tree trunks , in the burgeoning light , peeped the start of a small town .
she used the trunk as support for her still weak legs , moss and bark flaking beneath her fingertips .
the trunk and branches and all but one of the leaves were silver .
the white guy on the right had a neck as thick as a ham and a body like the trunk of a redwood .
it was carved into one of the trunks .
it landed on an uprooted tree that was snapped off mid - trunk .
suddenly the eagle and the tree trunk transformed into a totem .
her hair was as dark as the trunk of a chestnut tree , and her eyes a vivid evergreen .
finn gingerly touched the tiny fissures in the trunk of the large tree , and they immediately healed .
the trunk of the tree had a fresh swath of bark stripped from it .
taking a moment to survey her new surroundings , she found it to be a room much like her fathers study , with the addition of an intricately carved four poster and a massive sea trunk .
the whites of his eyes were angry red and bloodshot causing her to back against the trunk of a coconut tree in fear for her life with a look of stark terror marring her features .
the trees stretched endlessly toward the sky , many reaching heights of 130 feet , their tops creating an umbrella that kept the sun from falling on the forest floor , littered with rotten tree trunks , scrubby plant life , and roots .
suddenly josh stopped and grabbed elizabeth by the waist to lift her toward a tree trunk .
he was standing off to the side , leaning against the gnarled trunk of an oak tree .
temptation raged as blood did its trick , and lee did nt help as he rubbed himself down , mischievous hands nudging at the trunks to offer a glimpse of his neatly trimmed pubes .
mac shimmied up a spreading oak , his hiking boots slipping on the damp trunk .
all of the trees were tall , mostly hardwoods , their canopies towering far above atop thick wide trunks .
reaching her hands out to touch the trunk designated as home base , she almost made it when she tripped and fell headlong into the tree .
he pushed me back so i was pinned against the trunk and he towered above me , obviously trying to intimidate me .
i stumbled back against the trunk and plopped down into sitting on the bumper .
when they finally got out of maple ridge , brody was able to fly down lougheed highway to ruskin , and a fast pull past the pub had taken them north to dewdney trunk road .
it 's not as if they say go to highway 10 and ladner trunk road , and turn at highway 17a to the ferries .
prey copyright2013 by kassanna publishing history first digital edition 2013 * * * * * chapter one nae eased around the trunk of the tree .
making sure it was secure in her boot , she pushed off the tree trunk , rolled her shoulders , and hiked toward the structure .
deep grooves in the trunk showed where claws had penetrated the wood .
his back as stiff as a tree trunk , he rubbed his hand down his face .
i booked for a willow oak nearby and hid myself beneath the low hanging branches , my back against the trunk of the tree .
a squirrel and a chipmunk played peek - a - boo around the tree trunk and jonis eyes lit up .
he hobbled onto the trunk .
rough , with thick , knobbed trunks , the vines here were older than those she 'd passed nearer the castle .
he braced himself against the trunk with the other shoulder , scooting up the tree foot by foot .
clint 's gaze crept over the trunks of the pines , fiery red in the glow of the setting sun .
chapter 35 once he had the fire blazing , max eased back against the trunk of a pine , trying to relax the overused muscles from clint 's relentless pace .
angelina paused , looking up the trunk of a giant tree as it rose sixty feet to the canopy above , where massive branches spread out over the forest .
ferns grew among scattered light and lichens covered trunks in white and gray .
she stepped over a fallen tree trunk and the thorns of a nearby liana dragged through her hair .
the tree trunks were covered with moss and dark green creepers .
it sent the dog flying against a tree trunk where it lay dazed , yelping in fear .
she stepped carefully over a fallen tree , its trunk rotting and covered in ants .
the huge trunks stretched fifty feet into the air , where they opened their limbs to the sky , drinking the sunlight into their leaves .
thick and long , some wrapping around a tree trunk , others taking a more direct approach as they climbed up the side of a tree and worked their way up in the world to canopy heaven .
one man sat with his head on his chest , his body leaning against a tree trunk , loud snoring erupting from him .
beya showed her a tree where the trunk was scuffed and covered in mud .
he made rubbing motions and turned his left arm into a trunk .
simon sat on a branch with his back against the trunk , a rope tied around his waist and the tree .
she swung the pack free , set it down in the mud , and leaned back against the trunk .
they sat in the thorn tree , their legs around the trunk as the rhino circled its base , pawing the ground .
he watched her from where he lay back against the tree trunk .
simon stood under the mimosa tree , leaning against the trunk , watching her .
the bare tree trunks cast long parallel shadows up the slope and across the field to where they sat .
he was only half jokingin high school , he and two friends had picked up the volkswagen beetle of a mean - spirited teacher and left it wedged between two tree trunks .
on a half - submerged log jutting at an angle into the air , a line of pond turtles stretched from where the trunk rose up out of the water to the tip of the log some five feet above the water .
with a defiant look , luke grabbed one end of the trunk .
she leaned her head against the gnarled trunk .
brant stroked his fur and leaned his head against the trunk , staying near molly 's grave until well after dark .
abby leaned against the tree trunk watching a flock of blackbirds crisscross the sky .
the squirrel spent his free time terrorizing the cat , running down the tree trunks and scolding kiki whenever she came outside , acting if he were going to lunge at her .
i do nt know what this is exactly , but someone had hung it up in the tree in a big hole that goes completely through the main trunk .
she paused , and to dane 's surprise , splayed herself on the mercedes ' trunk .
she dragged herself off the trunk and peered around the car .
growling like a bear , he punched the tree trunk with both fists , not stopping until blood squirted from his knuckles and splashed on his face and clothes .
i place my hand on the trunk of the car to lift the lid , but i feel another hand rest lightly on top of mine .
sitting under the tree that she and chase had sat under a few weeks back , she leaned against the trunk and thought about her future .
leaning against the trunk of a large oak tree , she closed her eyes and focused on taking slow breaths .
charred tree trunks looked like sawed - off fingers as they protruded from the ground .
the mugger was locked in handcuffs with his head jammed on the trunk of one of the squad cars as another officer read him his miranda rights at gunpoint .
he was already in ring attire , shiny new purple trunks with matching knee pads and boots .
then , in one sinuous motion , the fiend slammed johns flailing body against the trunk of a mature tree .
intending to hammer the bat into the formidable trunk , certain that eugene would hear the sound , gabriel drew the bat back but stopped midswing as he heard footsteps approaching swiftly through the brush .
eugene hoisted his fists high into the air and brought them crashing down on the trunk of the sports car .
without a second to spare , he jerked the steering wheel of his ambulance to the left , barely avoiding a head - on collision into the trunk of the pine .
instead , the passenger side bumper met with the trunk and exploded against it .
beneath its bowed trunk and the covering of innumerable green spines and barbs , the front half of the ambulance was buried .
fog blanketed the woods , clinging to branches overhead and adhering to intertwined vines that crept with serpentine stealth from the forest floor up trunks until they extended sinuously and wrapped themselves in a helix formation around boughs .
while rocco explored the base of a tree trunk , savannahs phone started buzzing with an incoming call .
once she thought she had enough , she sat underneath it , her back resting against the big trunk .
he hastily moved his hand back to his side and rested his back against the tree trunk , his heart banging furiously within his chest .
the person turned her around so her back was resting against the thickness of a tree trunk and her front was to him .
he nearly fell and scrambled to grab onto the trunk to regain his balance .
her arms were almost too tired to grip the trunk .
feeling definitely shaky , she leaned against the trunk to rest her legs .
his legs wrapped around the trunk as he used the other branches to climb to the ground .
the large maple julian collided with shook from the force of the blow and a large crack lanced up its thick trunk .
instead of a small gap where we d crawled through , a humungous fallen tree trunk covered it .
there was an oversized tree trunk that desmond picked up and moved out of the way .
the moss that blanketed the branches and trunks glowed softly , coating the forest in an ethereal light .
the vibration of her replying groan reverberated through his head as he turned , leaning back against the trunk of the tree , the cool bark digging in through his shirt as her body pressed against him .
ric leaned back against the trunk of the tree .
stopping at a tree , i hide behind the trunk .
i sink to my knees , trying to steady myself against the trunk .
a green fungus , disguised over the expanse of the river as healthy foliage , covered every tree trunk and limb .
not beautiful and tantalizing but strong and sturdy with thick green leaves and a solid trunk .
she slid down the trunk of the tree into her vomit and reached her hands out toward me .
she crawled up the tree trunk , her boobs sloshing side - to - side like cups of jell - o , and then brushed herself off .
carrie parked her purple , black , and silver ktm behind a tree with a nice thick trunk and grabbed a few fallen branches to put on top of her bike in order to camouflage it .
dr . cole had left a fair - sized hole in the trees trunk .
the braided trunk was healthy and the branches sturdy , but it seemed nearly as down and depressed as gaelle herself .
then her body was thrust against the trunk of a tree , and garretts ground tightly to her from behind , pinning her there .
he placed the thick branch back inside the trunk .
the trunk was six feet wide and its bark silvery in appearance .
blinking enigmatic eyes , he swiveled , crouched , and sprang , landing lightly near the base of the giant trunk .
despite my best efforts to control myself , if gabriel did nt grab my hands there would be nothing left of the trunk to hold the top of the tree .
i slumped forward , catching myself on the trunk of a half , fallen tree .
a fallen tree trunk provided better cover .
finding a large fallen tree trunk , he lay behind it and waited , silently counting the seconds .
around the massive trunks , in the shade of the long branches growing at ninety degree angles , there were grassy areas where people sat , right on the ground , with their blankets and baskets of food .
pastor bob was there with his wife , debbie and kay shared the shade of a large maple tree with angus , rachel , debbie 's daughter walked around and around the tree dragging her hand on its trunk .
you see , the red - cockaded is the only woodpecker on earth that carves a home out of the trunk of a living tree , and just pecking away long enough to reach the heartwood of the pine , where they make their hole , takes years .
the same spot where some red - cockaded woodpeckers had made their homes in the trunks of eighty year - old longleaf pines .
it was used to pour into the cavities where the woodpeckers make their nests , in the trunks of the trees .
they should look for a small hole in the trunk , about fifteen feet up .
it would have taken six , maybe seven adults , hand to hand , to encircle the trunk .
dotted with small white blooms , they spiraled up the trunks of several trees in the back yard .
at best , the trunks diameter reached about two feet with the lowest limb three feet above my head .
i supposed it was possible that , if i kept my feet close to tree trunk , the limbs would support my weight , which probably about matched timmys .
the branch bowed with the weight , but before it broke timmy completed a sit - up and moved near the trunk .
the whirling clouds of snow turning everything white , painting swatches along black tree trunks and branches .
she was just about to set foot on the lane having come out from behind the trunk of one of the large old chestnuts that edged the drive when she felt , rather than saw something whizz past her face very close to her cheek .
following his curt instructions , she chose flight over fright and hastily stepped back to hide behind the thick trunks of the trees lining the drive , leaning her back against the wide sheltering bulk of the nearest chestnut tree .
she sensed that the mist was a precursor to fainting , incapable of standing any longer , she could feel herself sliding down the trees trunk to slump at the base when she heard the solid thunk of an arrow hitting its intended target .
pressed as she was between the solid trunk and his body she was left in no doubt about how aroused he had become and her own body was letting her know that she found him pretty above - average attractive as well .
the tall , regularly - spaced trunks were like elegant church pillars forming a living cathedral of luminous green , with the added benefit that they were swaying gently in the light morning breeze , creating a daytime son et lumire , a verdant sound and light show with their rustling leaves and the play of light and shadows .
they alighted , gabriel clipping a leash on frodo after the dog had made use of one of the tree - trunks before they walked together across the lane that separated the car park area from the garden entrance .
walking past a huge old oak that grew alongside the lane they were astounded to see a tawny owl drop silently from a thick branch to grab a mouse in its sharp claws , extending its mottled buff - coloured wings over the unfortunate creature to prevent its escape before delivering a killing blow and returning to a dark hole high up in the trees trunk to consume its supper .
suddenly a huge furry trunk and a pair of curved ivory tusks thrust up through the opening .
the thing that thrust itself to freedom was n't quite a mammoth , in spite of the trunk and the tusks and a giant bulk that made the statue of godzilla look like the geico gecko .
enormous curled killing tusks , a trunk that could have squeezed a couple of buffalo easily , came into view .
the hellbeast resurrected from an icy grave threatened a tour bus , its trunk slashing the air like a pissed off anaconda .
the mammoth 's trunk curled back and quested about for a target .
maureen yanked him back down right before the trunk smacked him .
the mammoth paused in mid - step , snorted through his trunk , and kept coming .
chapter forty - three : atcheson snaked his monstrous trunk by savanna kougar atcheson snaked his monstrous trunk around another hapless tree , snapped it off at the base , and thrust it inside his admittedly cavernous mouthwhere it did n't last long .
chapter forty - three : atcheson snaked his monstrous trunk by savanna kougar atcheson snaked his monstrous trunk around another hapless tree , snapped it off at the base , and thrust it inside his admittedly cavernous mouthwhere it did n't last long .
an apt analogy , cochrane realized seconds later when the mammoth - thing raised his trunk and swatted the grenade aside .
cochrane had to admit wolf boy could work some serious maneuvers on that hog of his , but sooner or later either his skill or his luck was going to run dry , and then and then the hellephant 's trunk dealt a glancing blow to the rear of the bike .
cochrane got off two shots before the trunk wrapped around him like a huge hairy python and lifted him into the air .
then he swung his trunk and hurled cochrane up and away , at a high and no doubt fatal terminal velocity .
miraculously to duff 's mind , dante avoided the serpent strikes of the unholy creature 's trunk .
all of them stopped dead in their tracks , seeing cochrane flung from the mammoth 's impossibly long trunk .
syprelli swerved beyond reach of that snaking deadly trunk .
it lifted its trunk and gaped its mouth to roar at them .
red splotchesmonstrous hivesappeared on its trunk .
yeah , that does kind of look like a bantha except it has a trunk thor : dude !
it just grabbed mr . turkle with its trunk !
birds chirped in the branches , and here and there a chipmunk scurried along tree trunk and limb in their search for food .
in his hands was the tell - tale ax , and in front of him stood a tree a foot thick , but with a chewed triangle at the base of the trunk where his ax had bitten into its flesh .
as we came close to the point , cara had overtaken shilaks tail , then trunk and was almost nose to nose when she had to stop !
the trunks of trees on the banks were half hidden in roaring white water .
the grey canvas of her broad side wrinkled as she moved , her long trunk rising as if in greeting , and her enormous ears flapping in the breeze she created .
i look up , grateful that i did not crash into a boulder or tree trunk , only to see the boart careening down the ridge .
i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
i watch it as it sniffs a tuft of blossoms near the trunk of the tree i am perched in .
she concentrated on seeping through the walls of the trunk , on fresh air and freedom , and felt her body become weightless .
vash found herself flattened into the coarse bark of a tree trunk by over six feet and two hundred twenty pounds of bristling , growling lycan .
canting his arms back , he gripped the rear edge of the trunk and stretched his wounded leg out .
adrian landed on the trunk with a violent thud , his feet sinking deep prints into the metal .
the trunk of the tree behind her seemed to be shaking now , and the gray smoke was starting to spread through more branches .
vash was tackled into the trunk of a nearby tree , her blade flying from her hand to spin madly through the debris of vegetation littering the forest floor .
with low - slung oak trees and the whitewashed trunks of cypress trees lining the banks , the view was soothing , ageless in beauty .
miles studied the trunk of his car .
cole was in his garage , loading up the trunk of his suv when robin joined him .
finally , he reached an ancient oak door , thick as a tree trunk , and his attendants opened it and stepped aside .
but i chose to disappear behind the trunk of the tree instead .
all at once i saw a blur of red as i was forced against the tree trunk , the bark digging into my sweater .
he banged into a tree trunk hard enough to draw blood but did n't stop .
` ` i just side - swiped a tree trunk .
` ` why did you side - swipe a tree trunk ? ''
small branches lashed his face and he scraped against one tree trunk after another but he barely noticed .
damien followed the sounds of the wolf directly ahead of him as best he could , but he still frequently slammed into tree trunks and crashed through bushes .
crooked between the trunk and a branch , a sort of gray paper cyclone contained a circular hole about an inch in diameter .
mercy whirled around to find shirley hovering over the trunk of leah 's car , her hands braced against her hips .
the trunk was too wide for the stand .
` ` giant ears , long trunk , eats peanuts .
the trunk of the car had a huge scratch down the middle and the back left - hand side had a dent in it the size of kakadu national park .
legs like tree trunks and a cobra chest and back .
he came to a stop where michael mason rummaged in the trunk of a modest toyota parked in the dark shade of two tall pines .
the oak is gnarly enough that i find a few knobs in the trunk i can run the ropes over to secure them from slipping down , before i tie both ends of the rope behind the massive tree .
i do n't stop until it 's splintered into a million pieces and i ' ve even torn the ladder off the tree trunk .
his legs were like tree trunks , his ass a wonderland of muscle and flesh , his hair a sweep of black inky strands , his face a symmetrical sculpture of angles and planes , hard and masculine .
he backed her up against the tall , sturdy trunk of a tree - it was too dark for her to tell what kind it was .
cav leaned back against a thick tree trunk , boots braced on the ground against the steep downhill slope , and tried to listen past the blood pounding in his ears and his heavy breaths .
now he sat leaning against the tree trunk in only his breeches .
then the trees were bare but for the ice that sheathed trunk and branch , and the silver moonlight turned gray .
blood seeped from the bark of the old oak , and seeped into the soggy ground at its trunk .
chapter 3 oh liquid love snapshots at midnight : an obese woman with a stun gun curbing a poodle , an older gay couple power - walking in designer sweats , a college girl pedaling a mountain bike - trailing tresses of perm - fried hair and a blur of red heat ; televisions buzzing inside hotels and homes , sounds of water heaters and washing machines , wind rattling sycamore leaves and whistling through fir trees , a rat leaving his nest in a palm tree - claws skittering down the trunk .
minutes later jackie 's scooping brains off the trunk of a lincoln .
she frowned and pushed past him , staring up at the trees and the tree houses , and then the scatter of discarded camping equipment at the base of the trunks .
the search turned up some trampled vegetation and a fresh wound on the trunk of a lodgepole pine .
colin suspected the first shot was the one that carved the groove on the tree trunk .
flashlight beams glanced off tree trunks and crisscrossed .
* * * by scrunching herself into the back of the trunk , nell managed to pry up a corner of the mat .
unfortunately , one of the cross pieces of the tire iron had skimmed the rim of the trunk , causing her blow to lose force .
still , it glanced off his shoulder and gave her time to roll out of the trunk and - almost - get her feet under her .
jake leaned against the walnut tree 's trunk and watched through the open door as chloe began her class .
for the past three weeks , nick had noticed the strands coiled around the trunks and limbs .
tessa knew him to be almost ninety , but his back was still straight , his chest as thick around as the trunk of a tree .
the trunk that had come all the way from shanghai .
he was n't overly muscled and did n't have a tree trunk for a neck like carl did .
she paused , taking that last step , and then rested her hand on the trunk of an aspen as she peered out , taking in the breathtaking view .
many rise well over two hundred feet into the air ; their trunks are as straight as flagpoles .
salal and rhododendrons grow in wild disarray amid the trunks .
nobody could move that fast i tightened my fingers on the knife , then hurried to the tree and walked around the huge trunk .
he charged across the clearing as if he planned to climb up the trunk , snarling as if he would tear me apart once he got there .
shadows lurked behind every trunk .
catching his hand , she tugged him to a fallen tree trunk lying at the edge of the clearing .
grimacing , she moved farther along the branch until she was closer to the tree , then planted one foot on the trunk of the tree and sort of walked up it while hanging from her arms .
shaking her head , evelinde leaned against the trunk and held on with one hand while she lifted first one foot , then the other to remove her slippers , dropping each to the ground .
her pulse pounding , avery eyed the trunk of the willow tree .
legs like tree trunks .
more than midway up , he paused , locked his legs around the trunk and pulled his rifle over his shoulder to do a quick scan of the area .
she followed him down to the water 's edge and saw that he had a bench fashioned from a tree trunk .
her eyes had bugged at the huge tree trunks he had for arms .
she stood up , her legs shaking , and i held onto a branch above my head as i walked both of us toward the trunk .
crawling through the small window on our dark third floor , i maneuvered myself onto the tree and inched towards the trunk where the branches were thick enough to support my weight .
i peeled through the trees and came into a clearing of fallen trees and sawed off tree trunks .
then there was a jagged stroke of light , something that looked like a tree trunk with branches - no , like a torso with long , broad limbs .
their trunks bowed toward each other , forming the outline of a heart in the air below them .
hot and frustrated and terrified all at once , she leaned against the tree trunk .
she imagined a shadow detaching itself from the long darkness that stretched from the tree trunks outside , imagined it rolling away and rising , lling the space of the open window .
it was thursday after dinner , and luce was leaning up against the stout trunk of a redwood tree behind her dorm .
he 'd been fussing nervously with his hat , and as she yanked him behind the wide trunk of an oak tree , the bright blue cap flew off his head .
he led her to a budless apple tree at the southern limits of rosaline 's father 's property and tied her bridle around the trunk .
there were a bright fire in the corner , a polished oak dining table that could have seated sixty , and a huge chandelier made of a petrified tree trunk and decorated with hundreds of sparkling crystal candlesticks .
facing the tree trunk , she reached for a knot in its bark , pulled it like a secret doorknob , and opened the trunk to a hollowed chamber .
facing the tree trunk , she reached for a knot in its bark , pulled it like a secret doorknob , and opened the trunk to a hollowed chamber .
dee ran her fingers along the brass edge of the trunk .
the reason they seemed to grow diagonally out of the stone was that their trunks lay buried deep beneath the boulders .
the rest of the olive and fig trees were now exposed , down to their trunks .
his thighs resembled tree trunks .
he was completely immovable , like the trunk of an ancient oak .
one of her high heels caught on a branch , and she pitched forward , breaking her fall by clinging to the trunk of a tree .
i wonder if my favorite apple tree is still there ... i wonder if anyone would notice if i carved my initials into the trunk ... gabriel scowled obliquely , for a number of reasons .
she ducked low and hid behind a trunk , watching as one of her father 's lackeys made his rounds along the perimeter of the property .
` ` hush , '' colin whispered , his hard body pinning hers to the trunk .
` ` well , '' oliver said proudly , clutching the tree by its trunk .
connor rounded the trunk and drew abreast of her .
something was dripping from the trunk onto the asphalt , forming an ever - growing puddle .
decapitated in the trunk .
` ` yeah , i could use a quick rinse if you do n't mind me staying in my swim trunks .
my gaze jerked in that direction , and a shadow flitted between the tree trunks .
the tree must have been struck by lightning - there 's a big black scorch mark on the trunk - but managed to survive .
a bit of their trunk , a little red paint - ` ` ` ` not blood ? ''
just before the two would have disappeared into the forest , the horse suddenly stopped , planted his front feet , lifted his hindquarters , and sent malachi sailing over his head to smack against the nearest tree trunk with a bone - crunching thud before sliding to the ground .
i remembered how he 'd flown over the head of the horse to smack into the trunk of a tree .
i remembered the long black lightning mark on the trunk .
sitting on a trunk , i carefully dismantle the glock .
maybe they will have something in my size at the thrift store ... my thoughts trail off as nick pops open the trunk of the sedan and pulls out a large box .
giant evergreens studded the landscaping ; here and there , mounds of multicolored flowers grew around their rough brown trunks .
it looked like a tree trunk with a foot .
` ` the master and i had many excellent times on the grand trunk road together .
the resin from the pines differed from one tree to the next , so strongly that he could pick out the trunks of each one around him .
the other wolf barked , and he barked as well , the sound ringing off of the rocks and echoing through the trunks of the trees around them , distorted by the falling rain .
before she could do anything , it leapt back into the pines and sprinted away , its coat a gray blur amidst the tree trunks .
in the center of the dining room , there was a massive tree trunk ; the restaurant appeared to have been built around it .
i started drawing a weeping willow , its trunk gnarled and twisted with knots .
kudzu had invaded the space , crawling over the blackened tree trunks and crowding the walkway .
the trunk was easily eight feet in diameter , and every inch of it was covered with carvings .
the carvings ran from the roots all the way past the first branches , which forked from the trunk about seven feet from the ground .
the carvings wound around the trunk at least fifteen feet up .
he leaned into the trunk , caging lark between his arms .
taking a woman upside the trunk of a live oak did n't square with his notion of what it took to be a great lover .
she moved through the pine needles in a crouching run , careful to muffle any noise her bag might make and to keep at least one tree trunk between her and the frantic screams that seemed to be coming from noah 's ark .
seeing a tall , skinny tree , i stuck one leg out and hooked myself onto the trunk , completely bringing us to a halt .
grey had paused just on the edge of st . giles , and there removed both the discreet canvas that had covered the object on the drive through london , and also the upper cabinet , so the brilliantly colored figurine was now clearly visible , riding like an emperor in the bed of the wagon , its arms moving stiffly and its trunk rotating to the occasional whir of clockwork .
there were trees dotted here and there ; he found one and sat down on the grass , leaning back against its trunk .
it felt like a whole tree trunk was being pounded into her .
the bottom of the trunk flared into buttressed roots , forming enormous wings that wrapped around her almost like arms .
the rough bark scratched her hands as she cautiously moved her head just enough to peer around the trunk .
after about fifteen minutes he stopped her with a hand on her shoulder and pulled her behind the trunk of a tree .
her palm came down hard against a tree trunk , and something squished beneath her fingers .
she carefully picked her way over the roots of an enormous tree , bracing her hand against its trunk to steady herself as she started to descend to the stream .
his legs were as solid as tree trunks , long and roped with muscle ; every movement he made set off ripples beneath his skin .
jane hugged the ground , watching as he darted a quick look around the huge tree trunk .
fresh footprints marred the snow at the base of the tree 's trunk , then dotted the white lawn in a beeline to the busy st . james street .
i ca n't see my feet anymore , but i swear my ankles look like tree trunks . ''
he calculated the limb was about a foot in diameter and angled to the main trunk at approximately forty - five degrees .
she searched the spaces between the trunks , hoping for a glimpse of movement .
any thicket or grove of evergreens they passed was only a blur of trunks , branches , and snow .
on the edge of that space was a shadow darker than the surrounding tree trunks .
he kept his arm around her shoulders as they followed the fine of the trunk to the base of the giant tree .
the more zoe looked at that sawed - off tree trunk , the madder she got .
even those nerdy trunks could n't spoil the effect of wide shoulders and excellent pecs .
paler than the rest of his body and supported by two tree trunks for legs .
heavily muscled with legs and arms like tree trunks , a chest as broad as a boulder , and no neck to speak of .
ancient , towering evergreens grow in dense thickets on either side , their mossy , spearlike trunks rising high enough into the summer sky to block out the sun .
ancient , towering evergreens grew in dense thickets on either side , their mossy , spearlike trunks rising high enough into the summer sky to block out the sun .
grateful for something to hold on to , she hauled her body up and draped herself over the trunk .
the door was twelve football fields away , her legs tree trunks filled with lead as she left the room , feeling diminutive and pissed , needing to lash out .
the roads were set up much like a tree with a thick , deep , tall trunk that fed into a bunch of branches that split off and off and off , all leading into the sea .
it was a joking stereotype , but the long , flowing , wavy brown hair , the broad cheekbones , the slightly narrowed eyes , the big mouth , incredibly broad shoulders that literally blocked out the sun from where she stood , and legs , legs like tree trunks embedded in the beige forest , all added up to a human being who could play rurik or leif eriksson on a history channel miniseries .
moss furred the tree trunks and hung in lacy shawls from one branch to another .
towering old - growth trees bracketed the road , their trunks obscured by runaway salal bushes .
somewhere , a woodpecker was drilling through a tree trunk ; the ra - ta - ta - tat echoed through the forest .
he had lain down to rest on the fallen trunk of a giant tulip tree , preferring the tickle of wood - lice to seeping damp .
he thought , resuming his conversation with god , calm as though he lay still on the trunk of the tulip tree , looking up into the depths of heaven above .
glancing warily from one twin to the other , he took a step back , putting a solid tree trunk at his back .
we climbed up through a stand of quivering aspen , whose light dappled us with green and silver , and i paused to scrape a blob of the crimson sap from a paper - white trunk .
roger saw him glance to see that his rifle was to hand , leaning against a tree trunk .
he walked deliberately to the hanging tree , kicked aside the ropes , and drove his fist into the trunk , twice , three times .
i strained my eyes at the darkness , but could make out nothing more than a faint blur moving among the tree trunks , a dozen yards away .
i sagged against the tree trunk , the muscles of face and body giving way all at once , and a shiver seized me , though it was n't cold .
i could not , however , rise entirely to my feet , nor could i reach the knot of the line that circled the tree trunk ; the rope either slid or caught on the bark , but in either case , the knot remained frustratingly on the opposite side of the trunk - which had to measure nearly three feet in diameter .
i could not , however , rise entirely to my feet , nor could i reach the knot of the line that circled the tree trunk ; the rope either slid or caught on the bark , but in either case , the knot remained frustratingly on the opposite side of the trunk - which had to measure nearly three feet in diameter .
i had about two feet of line between the trunk and the noose about my neck ; enough to allow me to lie down , or to turn from side to side .
the glow from the fire was irregular and flickering , barely enough to make out the trunks of trees and the pale layer of needles and leaf mold on the ground .
it dawned on me that standing upright while guns were blindly fired all round me was a dangerous strategy , and i promptly fell flat , burrowing into the dead needles , trying to keep the trunk of the tree betwixt me and the main body of men .
ian turned , looking , but saw only the dark trunks of cedar and pine , the ground beneath them a mass of shadows , the air between them filled with mist .
there was a large tree at his back ; he had fallen against the trunk when the wolf struck him ; it supported him now .
he reached down and pulled me to my feet , then took hold of my wrist , which he lifted gently over my head and pinned against the trunk of the pine i had been sitting under , so that i was obliged to lean back flat against it .
all the gold of the autumn leaves had faded into ash , and white mist was curling through the dark wet trunks of the pines .
a wild grapevine wrapped itself round the trunk of a persimmon that overhung the bank ; animals had taken most of the grapes , but a few bunches still hung out over the water , out of reach for any but the most daring of squirrels - or a tall woman .
corn , he thought , leaning back against the polished tree trunk that formed one upright of the longhouse .
` ` and now that she 's not marrying manfred ... '' he tilted back his head , eyes closed , and rested it against the trunk of the pine .
the governor of the colony , returning from england with supplies , had found everyone gone , leaving no clue save the word ` ` croatan '' carved into the trunk of a tree .
the wind had changed ; no more than disconnected gaelic phrases came from beyond the ghostly cypress trunks , and i made no sense of them .
the trunks of the oaks were dark and thick , with low , spreading canopies that shadowed the ground beneath with shifting light , so that the whole wood seemed to be moving slightly in the wind .
i was vaguely admiring the effect , when i noticed that some of what i had assumed to be tree trunks were in fact moving , turning very slowly to and fro .
i leaned back against the smooth - barked trunk and closed my eyes , dimming the bright glare of ripe barley fields to a dark red glow behind my eyelids .
the man hit the trunk hard , loosing a shower of leaves and acorns , and slid slowly down to lie dazed in the leaf - meal .
his eye caught me , standing frozen between the tree trunks , and one eyebrow lifted in ironic question .
in a room less imposing , he would have bulked huge , legs like tree trunks in their checkered stockings beneath the kilt .
far overhead the trunks of the trees soared upward for twenty or thirty feet before branching out - no great surprise to hear that the largest part of the mill 's output was masts and spars , made for the royal navy .
he gestured importantly toward a nearby tree , where one of the turves had been thrown with such force as to wrap itself around the trunk like some shaggy yellow fungus .
we were still in the longleaf forest , and the tall , straight trunks surrounded us like the masts of long - sunk ships .
it was deep twilight by now ; our hollow was ringed by brooding mountains , and darkness seemed to fill the shallow bowl , creeping up the trunks of the trees around us .
the thick mossy trunks grew dense with shadow , edges still rimmed with a fugitive light that hid among the leaves , green shadows shifting with the sunset breeze .
the monstrous trunks rose so high that the lowest limbs started twenty feet above my head .
the ground here was covered in a foot - deep layer of fallen leaves , soft and spongy underfoot , and the spaces between the trees seemed illusionary , as though to pass between those huge , lichened trunks might transport one suddenly to another dimension of reality .
wonders sprang up by my feet , small orchids and brilliant fungi , trembling and shiny as jellies , shimmering red and black on fallen tree trunks .
it had gone dark now , but i could still make out the trunks of the trees around the clearing , chalk and gray against the looming black bulk of the mountain beyond .
it had fallen away from me and struck the cliff , so that the thick crown sprawled into the water and over the rocks , the trunk canted across the stream at a shallow angle ; on my side , i could see the huge mat of its exposed roots , a bulwark of cracked earth and small bushes heaved up about them .
the other half was blackened and charred all down one side of the massive trunk .
fleeing panicked through a forest of white aspen that stood in snow , the trees ' red sap glowing like bloody jewels on white - paper trunks .
darkness rose , filling first the hollows , then shadowing the slopes , creeping imperceptibly up tree trunks and fenceposts as night swallowed the ground and rose up to join the greater dark of the star - spread sky above .
` ` d ' ye see those scratches down the trunk of that tree ? ''
what lives here '' -he laid a hand on the trunk of a chestnut tree that rose a hundred feet above them , whose girth measured more than thirty feet around- '' they havena seen our like before . ''
conversation died , and they sat in silence for half an hour or so , watching darkness fill the hollows below , an invisible tide that crept higher by the minute , engulfing the trunks of the trees so that the green canopies seemed to float on a lake of darkness .
she squeezed my hand , as though reassuring me , and then sat down with her back against a tree trunk , stretching out her legs in front of her , long feet bare .
he seized roger by the throat and slammed him into a tree trunk .
apparently finding this some palliative to his feelings , he smashed the quivering trunk several times more , causing a delirious shower of pale - pink petals to rain down upon his head .
i could easily imagine that there were fairies on the hill , dancing with those shadows , threading their way through the slender trunks to blend into the depths of the wood .
we forded the brook and wandered up into the foothills , gathering such late summer plants as still lingered , together with the ripening berries of early autumn and the thick yellow shelf fungus that sprouted from the trunks of trees in the small shady glens .
bloody place is haunted , i thought , listening to the leafy conversation overhead as i threaded my way through the slender trunks .
he walked forward and gently adjusted my position , so that i faced the trunk of the tree , almost touching the rough bark .
while the snow fell less thickly in here , visibility was still so poor that tree trunks a few feet away loomed surprisingly as i walked my horse restlessly around the small clearing , trunks springing up black in the pinkish light .
noticeably strong all over ; the wind flattened her skirt against the solid slope of h*ps and a long thigh pressed briefly against the fabric as she turned , smooth and round as an alder trunk .
it was full dark ; no more showed of the trees than the glow of fire reflected from the few trunks that stood nearest the camp - the last shadow of twilight had faded , and everything beyond was a depthless black .
i had found a tree trunk to lean against , and stretched slightly , to ease my back .
i dreamed of trees ; endless , monotonous forests of them , with each trunk and leaf and needle etched like scrimshaw on the inside of my eyelids , each one crystal - sharp , all just alike .
yellow goat - eyes floated in the air between the tree trunks , and the wood of my mind rang with the screams of she - panthers and the crying of motherless children .
snow crystals rimed the trunks of the trees , but not enough had fallen to stick to the ground ; no chance of footprints .
` ` no , '' he said again , reaching a small open space well in among the trunks .
i whirled on the bench to find phillip wylie , leaning against the trunk of the willow tree with a most sardonic expression on his face .
he stopped for a moment , hearing voices , and stepped softly behind the trunk of a large poplar .
then the trees closed in again , and i could see nothing but a claustrophobic array of interwoven trunks and branches , twined with the yellowing remnants of wild honeysuckle and the flash of scarlet creepers .
judas screamed and reared , jerking at his rope , but i had wrapped it round the tree trunk .
i looked at the trunk of the tree ; there were white hairs all over it , caught in the cracks of the ragged bark .
wedged between one branch and the stump of the trunk was a huge , rounded mass .
though if not- '' he glanced at his long rifle , leaning loaded against the trunk of a nearby hickory .
he held aside a large , brambly bush , exposing the trunk of a substantial sycamore tree .
there was a loud bang as his gun went off , and then a rush and a thud , and he was lying wrapped round a tree trunk , the breath knocked out of him , left with no more than a fleeting notion of a hairy dark bulk and a power that had sent him flying like a leaf .
he leaned back , hands braced on the mossy trunk , and nodded .
set it on the ground , not too far from the trunk of the tree , and let fergus sit up to watch .
one or two or three years later , the dead tree roots would have rotted sufficiently to make it possible to push the trunks over , to be gradually cut for wood and hauled away .
chips of aromatic wood flew past his head , as he chopped his way briskly around the big trunk , and went on without pause to the next victim .
when she nodded , he motioned her to stand at the end of one of the trunks .
putting all his strength into it , garrett grunted and strained , finally hefting the corner of the wagon up off the ground high enough the trunk would fit beneath it .
hitting a hole in the road , the trunks bumped together and he thought he heard a gasp from caterina .
grateful the noise of the busy station was enough to drown out caterina 's huff of protest along with words that sounded like ` ` no we 're not , '' tony thumped a hand on the trunk , silencing her .
` ` you better be sorry , tony , '' caterina hissed through the holes in the side of the trunk .
refusing to give in to her fears , she sighed and rolled her neck as a jarring force began a forward motion , slamming other trunks into hers .
kyle slammed his hand down on the trunk just as she pressed the gas pedal .
he flew across the clearing and hit a tree trunk .
he struggled to his feet , leaning against the trunk of the tree .
julia felt her heart stop as she heard the loud crack of his body against the trunk of the tree .
i moved my arm so i could find something to hold onto other than the tree trunk when my other foot slipped and i went into a free fall backwards .
he sat on the edge of the blanket with his back against the trunk of a budding tulip tree .
instead of pacing back and forth , they walked down the sand - covered pier to a trail , continuing around a corner past the thick , lazily bent trunks of native palm trees .
he wore pale green trunks and dark shades and caused an unusually large volume of women to walk on our side of the pool .
she made it to a tree , collapsing against its trunk as she slid silently to the ground .
she laughed dryly as she rested her head against the trunk of the tree .
the park department had set up a chain - link fence along the edge , as well as a rough - hewn bench that had been carved out of an old tree trunk .
before royce could walk away , billie slammed her body into his , backed him up against the side of the car and kept pushing until he was practically lying on the trunk .
did you tackle a six foot seven inch guy onto the trunk of hayes ' car and then try to have your way with him in the nightclub 's parking lot ? ''
without realizing what she was doing , helen reached out and ran her finger over the branches , down the trunk until it turned into thick roots .
it streaked through his body , gathering in power , concentrating itself into a single bolt that flowed along the trunk of his lifemark , down his left arm , and into the iridescent ring .
angus 's face twisted in a pained snarl and gilda 's body shuddered an instant before a pillar of fire as thick as a tree trunk shot out of her hand and engulfed the kajmela .
a siren 's smile curved her mouth as she kissed her way down his chest , over the intricate trunk of the tree , lower to where the roots fanned out over his abdomen .
he could be as philosophical as he wanted as long as he did it nak*d . she ran one finger along a branch , down the trunk of the tree to where it hit the low - slung waist of his jeans .
he did n't look at her , but kept her shoved behind him and backed up toward the thick trunk of a nearby tree - the only cover available .
he was leaning against a thick trunk , slumped and unmoving .
zach stood there , rigid and still , while she touched him , running her finger over the intricate branches , down the thick trunk until his jeans barred her path .
john hawthorne leaned against the trunk of her car , his thick arms crossed over his chest .
logan gathered her in his arms and lifted her from the trunk .
hope died trying to free jodi from the trunk , and their bodies were left alongside the road .
jackie crouched behind a tree trunk , desperately working to combat her fear .
a second later , a whoosh of flames engulfed the trunk , turning it to ash within seconds .
when she rounded the trunk , he caught her by the hand and set off at a brisk pace .
he rounded the trunk and reached through the open top to set his camera on the backseat , then climbed in beside her .
the wind tore through the trees , bending trunks nearly double , sweeping branches along the ground .
tucker was as large as a tree trunk , carrying jeff protectively cradled against his massive chest .
he gained the treeline just behind the estate , using the larger tree trunks as cover as he moved into deeper woods .
a light knock erupts at the door followed by a giant beast of a man with a neck the size of a tree trunk .
i lean into the fat trunk of a pine - my heart already blistering from his words .
it was like wrestling with a tree trunk , six feet long and a good ten inches wide .
the nine - year - old twisted on his sea trunk and gazed in the direction his foster - father pointed .
` ` the thick trunk of yggdrasil runs through the beautiful realm of midgard , this very middle earth , the homely land of all the races of men , '' rika said simply , as her audience relaxed a bit with the familiar .
she whisked her audience with her along the gnarled trunk of yggdrasil , back to warmth and light in one blinding moment .
glancing at the large oak tree near the hedges , travis watched as a squirrel raced up the trunk .
a series of nailed two - by - fours climbed the side of the trunk .
in the shadows , she stumbled again over a half - decayed tree trunk and felt a searing pain in her foot .
they 'd get in a small boat , row over to the tree , and put a bottle of rum in the trunk of the tree , thankful that they 'd made it back to port safely .
oaks and cypress trees lined the banks , their white trunks and knotted roots casting gnarled shadows .
shrouded in shade , the giant roots of strangler figs and silk cotton wove around doorways and crept over walls as if the roots had been poured from the trunk .
roots spread from the trunk and protruded above the earth like arthritic fingers .
its black trunk was wizened , and the low - hanging branches would have kept him and his brothers occupied for hours when they were boys .
alvin , standing near the open trunk , broke the silence .
spanish moss hung from the tree branches , while kudzuclimbed the wizened trunks .
mikhail did n't laugh at my joke but instead popped the trunk of a black dodge charger .
he leaned her carefully against the trunk of the tree , his hands placed on either side of her as he bent his head toward her .
she closed her eyes , just as the gun went off with a loud bang , propelling her backward against the trunk of a tree .
his shirtsleeves were rolled up past his elbows , revealing a pair of thick , muscular arms , while his legs reminded her of tree trunks .
we 'll use the trunk for our yule log and the branches to fashion some boughs and wreaths , '' william said as a maid entered carrying a tray with cups and a large pot of mulled wine , the cloves and cinnamon filling the air with their rich aromas .
i ' ve got wood the size of a tree trunk just thinking about it . ''
he had broad shoulders , legs like tree trunks and bulging biceps .
holding her breath , she watched him slink along the edge of the clearing , sometimes crouching behind trees , sometimes crawling behind bushes and once running from one tree trunk to another ; but finally he made it to the tree where their clothes were .
he paused behind the trunk , peered around at his men , and then , assured that they were n't looking , ducked quickly out to snatch up the pile of clothes and hurry back behind the tree .
avelyn crossedtheroom ascarefully as ifshewere walking anarrow tree trunk laid over a river , placing one foot in front of the other , her gazelocked on the cloth .
moving a short distance away , she rounded the trunk of a large tree .
charlie watched her go with a sigh of relief , then moved to lean against the trunk of a tree and wait the appropriate amount of time necessary before returning herself .
my heart began slamming against my chest , but i could n't take my eyes off her as she climbed up the ladder i 'd made years ago out of pieces of wood nailed into the tree trunk so ash could climb the tree .
i remember seeing ashton 's head full of blonde curls peeking around the tree trunk at me , covering her mouth as her shoulder shook from laughter .
but our favorite limb was n't as high as it used to be either and it just took one small boost from the tree trunk to get myself securely on the branch i 'd shared with the vincent boys during our childhood .
thin , hazy clouds drifted overhead , and near the house she saw a pair of squirrels chase each other up the trunk of an oak tree shrouded in spanish moss .
he saw the oaks and pines with kudzu climbing their trunks and noticed that the shadows had begun to lengthen .
11 dawson lowered the top of the stingray and leaned against the trunk , waiting for amanda .
she had no idea how he 'd even seen it - the overgrowth made it nearly invisible from the highway - and they began to roll forward , cautiously rounding one curve and then another , skirting the decaying trunks of storm - toppled trees and following the gently rising contours of the landscape .
when he returned via the portal point , jane was huddled in the blanket beside a tree trunk .
she moved behind the tree trunk as if one broken tree could protect her .
her knees bumped over several gnarled tree roots , and she hastily scooted against the trunk , huddling for warmth and to try to still her thundering pulse .
if she kept looking at him with those temptress eyes , he 'd be sporting wood the size of a tree trunk .
he then nailed three in a row against the trunk .
the trunk was crooked , like an old woman who turned the wrong way and got stuck .
the branches were pruned back , and the trunk was wrapped tight in a flannel holiday blanket .
behind jenny were meadows and pastures ; before her a tangled mass of pitch - black trunks and bushes .
they saw delicate trees with slender trunks and airy little pink buds .
thickets of blackberries and holly bushes sprouted in clumps , hugging the moss - covered trunks of oak trees .
he braces a hand on the trunk like he 's going to fall over .
i brace my hand on the trunk of the car for support .
the chevelle is smashed against the trunk of a large tree , the windshield smashed to pieces , and two of the tires are blown out .
tightening her hold on the trunk , she heaved the tree toward the house , one step at a time .
` ` i can not fucking believe i forgot to get my weapon out of my bag , '' he growled as he plastered himself , his back to me , against the rear tire of my car and risked a quick look over the trunk , then ducked back down .
he took another quick look over the trunk , then moved in a crouch to my side .
the ice - cold water soaking my swim trunks took care of any desire i felt stirring .
coughing from the dust of the rapidly departing stage , kathryn turned back around , the two of them standing alone in the middle of the wide , foul street , three small trunks at their feet .
all the other trees had sloppy wet pools at the bases of their trunks .
they shared the small blanket she 'd brought , john leaning his back against the eucalyptus trunk .
cale stood the little tree upon its cut trunk and gave it a twirl .
she glanced frantically around , her gaze finally lighting on a huge redwood in the distance with a twisted , massive trunk that had a hollowed - out opening .
she crept back toward the cabin , sidling as close to the tree trunks as she could , stopping often to listen for any betraying sound before moving to the next tree , and looking in all directions before moving again .
as she reached a towering tree , she curled her arm around the trunk , then peeked back at him with a grin that lit up her whole face .
memories of geraldine swirled through luna 's mind as she set the picnic basket and the insulated carrier next to a huge piece of gray driftwood , its trunk as big around as she was .
make its trunk shorter and tentaclly at the end .
the fantie in question shook its head and then lifted it , spreading the tentacles on its trunk wide .
the fantie bellowed , not from its trunk like an elephant , but from its mouth .
still joined at the mouth and hip and hands , he leaned her against the tree trunk and pushed his entire body against hers as they kissed .
the mammoth trunk declared it well over a hundred years old .
she , too , wasted no time righting herself , scuttling backward to settle herself against the tree trunk , and well away from leo .
although she had n't been riding very fast , the pine tree had come out of nowhere when she came up over a slope , and she slammed right into the trunk of the massive obstacle .