so if she could just get one story , one fabulous report that would show her editor , as well as everyone else , what she could do , she would never have to report on the billowing folds of a wedding gown or the tantalizing curve of a tulip again !
i can make people goo - goo about the tulips in the spring and the various flower shows and garden parties .
` ` look - it 's a tulip . ''
he slipped out of bed early one morning , picked a handful of tulips and hid them in his backpack until he reached school .
when the bell rang and he filed back into the classroom with the rest of the students , mrs . ramsey was holding the tulips , a smile on her face .
the fabric then flared out with embroidery along the scalloped edge of the hem that ended just below her waist with layers and layers of organza to poof it out like a tulip .
staring at her reflection in the mirror , antonia felt , and looked , like a giant , pink tulip .
giant pink tulip she thought as she stared at her reflection in the multitude of mirrors .
but now it was also a shiny , giant , pink tulip .
antonia reached down and read the price tag attached to the sleeve of her tulip dress .
i did n't think the pink tulip really fit my personality . ''
i ' m only sorry i did n't like the pink tulip , '' she said .
` ` the giant tulip you chose for me .
the black gate opened and pink and yellow tulips lined the driveway and encircled the whole house .
there were ivy plants and orchids and even a few tulips .
, i would like to point out that when you see pictures of amsterdam on calendars , you see fields of bright tulips and beautiful canals .
you ' ve already replaced my blissful thoughts of red and yellow tulip fields with images of restaurants reeking of pot , and my visions of lovely canals are now visions of sleazy alleys with prostitutes for sale .
it was two inches wide and fashioned to look like a delicate cluster of flowers , with diamonds cut in various shapes to make up the petals and leaves of tulips , roses , and orchids .
the vendor seemed to have everything from roses and carnations to tulips and daisy , but he did n't have one single calla lily .
she 'd always loved tulips , and she could n't help bringing them close to inhale their fragrance .
she took refuge in the kitchen and set the tulips on the counter .
she wandered through lush fields of purple tulips , red irises , pink poppies and reached the pond where the water lilies floated lazily in the glassy blue waters , under the watchful gaze of a weeping willow .
how to grow tulips like monet , climbing roses like monet , even lilies like monet .
` ` and these are the daisies and these are the tulips .
her older sister just taught her how to draw tulips and she 's been putting them on everything . ''
case in point , there were two bright pink tulips about toddler height on the wall behind him .
i have no actual memories of spring and yet when amber says the word , i ' m immediately hit with the smell of fresh dirt , the tickle of warm rain against my skin , the sight of tulips and daffodils poking through the ground .
i took morgaine 's hand again and started the path , smiling as daisies , roses and tulips greeted each step - a kaleidoscope canvas of colours .
glancing at my bedside clock - or , rather , a bowl of tulips that i had to move aside to see the time - i realized it was nearing ten o'clock .
the pink tulips on my bedside table caught my eye .
nate and i choose our salad veggies and he buys me a gorgeous bouquet of fresh tulips and gerbera daisies .
` ` pink tulips ? ''
pink tulips .
the silver tray is covered in a cream colored cloth , and boasts a small vase with a single pink tulip , making me grin and my heart soften , just a bit .
as i nibble a piece of bacon and sniff at the soft pink petals of the tulip , i notice a small white card with my name written in bold handwriting .
unable to resist , i pluck the pink tulip from its vase and slip under the sheet next to her as adele begins to sing chasing pavements .
he magically produces a single pink tulip and hands it to me with a soft smile .
pink tulip petals have been formed into a heart on the bed , and right in the center of them are ...
` ` bloody scene , carnage , but on pete 's nightstand was a pristine bouquet of flowers , no blood on them , set there after the mess was made , '' he paused , before he clipped out , ` ` tulips . ''
tulips were feb 's favorite flowers .
colt used to buy them for her every birthday even though they cost some cake , finding tulips in october .
in her bedroom when she was a teenager , she had a big picture , white background , a spray of pink and white tulips in a vase displayed over her bed .
it would n't take much to know feb liked tulips , you just had to pay attention but you also had to be close .
colt used to buy her tulips in spring too , just because you could find them easy , they were all around and she liked them .
to this day spring meant tulips to colt and sometimes when he was n't paying attention and did n't have control of the path of his thoughts , he 'd see them , at a grocery store , in janet 's flower shop window , and think , i 'll pick those up for feb , before he could stop himself .
` ` down to the letter to pete 's , '' sully told him , ` ` including the tulips and the frickin ' pottery barn vase .
when he was twenty - two , he 'd had thoughts of tulips and candlelight and even getting down on his knee .
i was n't fired up about the chamber pot business but it was something that did n't include me tiptoeing through the tulips ( or whatever ) to answer nature 's call , so i used it .
the sun was shining day after day , the tulips were out , the trees were budding , the hyacinths had opened and life was good on this green earth .
when i reached her penthouse , i found her inside her greenhouse , lovingly caring for her precious roses , lilies , tulips and orchids .
i made my way to my sister 's penthouse and found her inside her greenhouse , amidst her beloved orchids , roses , lilies and tulips .
instead , he bought a small bouquet of bright tulips , leslie 's favorite flower .
she and marcus just received the arrangement of purple tulips you sent them at his winery as an engagement gift .
she had no trouble finding her father 's grave site , and as she eased over to the shoulder of the lane , she was not surprised to see that his plot had been planted with all kinds of spring flowers , like daffodils , tulips , little crocuses .
the scratchy spring grass was a bright fresh green , and crocuses and tulips were pushing up to the sun , their pale shoots searching and finding warmth , their flowers about to come out and see the world .
everything else glowed with colors , from the emerald of the grass to the yellow and pink and purple of the tulips to the rushing pale blue of the baths .
he said tulips were always good , but if i did n't want to scare her off , to get every color but pink and red .
my nerves were eased when i saw her walking down the hall , smiling into her bouquet of tulips .
he chose yellow , white , orange , and purple tulips , and from the way she was smiling at them , i wish i 'd done some research and picked them myself .
we were standing right in the middle of my sister 's tulips .
` ` that 's no excuse for trampling my tulips , '' she grumbled .
she knelt down next to the flower bed and touched the crushed tulips .
` ` that 's not why we 're here , '' said my mother , and she knelt beside my sister and touched the tulips .
you trampled my tulips . ''
silently cursing the weak will that had brought her here in the first place , she pivoted on the flagstone path leading through the tulips and irises of kennedy 's parklike yard .
tears glistened in jane 's eyes as she held up a picture her daughter had drawn of an assortment of flowers , most of which resembled tulips .
ramona sees him staring at the tulips .
` ` tulips , '' he says .
roses , tulips , and pansies surrounded her , and she smiled and constrained a squeal of delight .
daisy is twenty - three and tulip is sixteen .
a ring of small plain stones , each sitting a few feet apart from each other , circled the house , and both daisy and tulip kept well away from it .
she smiled , and tulip followed her up the porch steps and right into the house .
eleonore emerged from the bathroom , leading tulip by the hand .
this was why she did it , charlotte reflected , brushing tulip 's hair from her face .
` ` i have to meet him and get the blood , but if you do n't mind waiting , i can work on tulip when i come back . ''
daisy and tulip stood in the doorway .
is it okay if i bring tulip by tonight instead ?
she grabbed a stone and pulled tulip into the protective circle .
the phone beeped , and she thrust it back at tulip .
eleonore clamped tulip to her .
` ` tulip , is it ? ''
the large thug next to the scarred man stepped over the useless stone and backhanded tulip out of the way .
helen rooney dropped on the ground by tulip , trying to hug her , but tulip pushed free and kept crying .
look at tulip .
` ` we 'll find a place for tulip .
that meant many more dead daisies and eleonores , many more tulips , weeping over bodies .
every time i close my eyes , i see tulip wailing over her sister 's body .
anything to shield tulip .
poor tulip .
she still saw tulip in her dreams , but now , when she awoke , richard held her , and the feeling of lying next to him was indescribable .
it has a tulip on the clasp .
` ` hide in the tulip trunk , love , '' he whispered .
gaston proceeded to load their trunks , making sure the tulip trunk went in to the side with plenty of room .
it was n't a bouquet of daisies or freshly picked tulips or anything close to perfect ; it was all she could do right now , but it seemed somehow appropriate all the same .
she knew he would ' ve appreciated those more than the lilacs , tulips , and roses .
i recognized yellow bells ( which the nursery calls forsythia ) , and spirea , and even a tulip tree .
this week i 'd chosen orange tulips , three dozen .
i 'd picked out dark purple , almost black tulips for this week , and they were now all over the floor .
scout reached out to take the vase , then placed it atop a bureau next to a glass container of white tulips .
scout asked , then seemed to realize the tulips were there .
morgan slipped his hand away and presented his bundle of red - tipped white tulips to mallory .
his tulips were in the vase and the accessories of fancy dining - place mats , cloth napkins , silverware , and wineglasses - lay on the table before each of the four chairs .
she yelled , he turned to look behind him , and gran 's faux tiffany lamp , with the pink glass tulips on the panes , clipped boston on the shoulder .
roses , hyacinth , tulip , growing sunflowers , pansies , and everything else you can think of .
stone stood in the open door , scowling , holding a handful of purple tulips .
stone strode inside and tossed the tulips - ones that he 'd pulled out of a vase in the lobby of the main lodge - onto the end table beside the daisies that looked remarkably like ones in the garden by the deck .
` ` just wanted to bring the tulips and say thank - you for caring about my grandmother 's happiness . ''
she went still , most likely in shock , her hand drifting down to rest on top of the purple tulips .
stone stood on the porch , the smell of the tulips and the feel of johanna still fresh in his senses even though he 'd left her and the flowers inside .
need coursed through her , hot and molten , with just a splash of sweetness , like the scent of the tulips she 'd brought with her into the bedroom .
she tugged one of the purple tulips from the bunch and skimmed it against her mouth lightly .
stone 's tulips , and his kiss , were picking away at her defenses .
she clasped the tulip against her chest , watching the ceiling fan click lazy circles above her .
he pressed the one - inch paper tulip in her palm .
she 'd cried - who would n't ? -and slipped the card into the plastic picture holder in her wallet along with the origami tulip so she could look at both again and again in hopes of overriding the impending sense of doom .
the sun shone on the gray roof and tulips had begun to bloom below the veranda .
` ` i 'd look rather foolish with tulips about my ears . ''
isabel stood by a bed of pink tulips , her expression sharpening when trevor walked out .
he had some tulips in his hand .
maybe one day it would be different but ... katherine could n't even bring herself to reach out and take the tulips .
then he carefully put the tulips on the small table near the bed .
the tulips represent our love and passion . ''
it was served in goblets constructed from tulips , reminding me not for the first time that my life really was a fairy tale - just not always a happy one .
she started to point the way , but jack husk caught her hand in the air and held her fist inside his own for a moment like it was some small delicate thing , like a tulip bulb or an egg .
his bed is perfectly made , and a bundle of tulips rests against the pillows .
i had brought a flower ; a pink tulip - not the easiest thing to find in paris in december , but jared kept a conservatory .
he wore a new shirt , white calico printed with blue and purple tulips , his buckskins and breechclout , moccasins - and an armlet made of blue and white wampum shells , which i was reasonably sure that his mohawk wife , works with her hands , had made for him .
though doubt tiptoes in my mind like a linebacker through tulips .
trees and bushes perfectly landscaped the yard , and rows of tulips wrapped around the mailbox .
every time dad took brooke and me on one of our father - daughter dates , he always had one of his drivers meet us , and they always had our favorite flowers : red tulips for brooke , yellow roses for me .
she placed the vase on the kitchen island and found the card that was with the beautiful floral arrangement of calla lilies and yellow tulips .
` ` libs , he sent you yellow tulips and calla lilies .
calla lilies mean beauty , and yellow tulips symbolize hopeless love , '' kiera replied with a dreamy look in her eyes .
the yellow tulips and white calla lilies were beginning to slowly bloom and olivia thought that the flowers could be a metaphor for her feelings for alexander .
my heart stopped when i saw the receptionist standing there with an arrangement of yellow tulips .
she was astonished by the amount of care he had taken , from the multiple tablecloths layered just so and the tall white candles burning in the candelabrum to the lovely arrangement of tulips in the center of the table .
many of the flowers were blooming out of season ; i had never before seen spring tulips and daffodils bloom in july , along - side summer zinnias and fall mums .
the crowds walked in and out of the enormous flowers that towered like closed tulip buds .
they parked near the windmill and after a short walk through a lovely meadow dotted with tulips , they could see a forest with young redwoods .
the lawns also regained their color , and the tulips and daffodils bloomed .
i looked over the hot house flowers ; tulips , daffodils , lady - slippers , roses , clover , even dandelion weeds which were harvested for food at times , dahlias , hydrangeas and even a few fir trees .
the soil nourished purple weeds and yellow tulips .
insects tilled the soil , toppled the tulips , attacked each other .
he added the urc to his pouch , then walked through a shrunken family of judysyd tulips that had been fighting the grass for water .
the tulips were named for judy sydney .
before blasting off , she planted at least one field of tulips .
she only landed on planets where her sensors said tulips could thrive .
a bullet cut down a tulip in front of lansing .
the blonde was still there but on her knees now , planting tulip - bulbs in the long flowerbed that ran the length of the hurricane - fence .
the first time i encountered her again she was back on her knees planting forget - me - nots between twigs that marked the spots where the tulips were buried .
for some reason he started for the long strip of garden where shed planted the tulips .
i was trying to protect her , her car at least , no , her tulips it was i was trying to protect , not even up yet , when he comes after me with a hammer to brain me and she attacks me .
i was trying the golden galaxy technique , trying to blank out everything , and all of a sudden i was back and i saw somebody in a bathrobe in my tulip bed with a spade trying to kill my defenseless ricky was what i thought .
i returned to that other , undesired , room , harveys living room , the dead room with the sensors and to the woman , the neighbor , tulips , beth .
i replied , right from the start too but there had been that time when shed been on her knees planting tulip - bulbs bra - less and i could nt help seeing her pretty little breasts , like exquisite pink - tipped tulip - bulbs themselves , i whispered .
she kept me busy weeding her tulip strip , picking up seeds and fertilizer at the garden center , shopping in the supermarket .
through the meshes of the fence i saw that some of beths tulips were coming up .
when she finally understands what its all about she rushes over and starts stomping all over the figures , shouting jumbled numbers to efface the real plate numbers from his mind as her feet are doing to the soil - inscription , crushing tulips in the process , also jostling him as , one - footed , he tries to protect those inscriptions .
kneels and administers first aid to the tulips .
she goes on nursing the tulips .
going past i was careful not to look at the other house with the tulips and the iron deer .
inevitably they run through the strip of tulips and do a certain amount of collateral damage .
its the woman next door , the one with the tulips .
on the lawn a red tricycle is half hidden by motionless rows of pink red , yellow tulips .
the tulips move a little in the breeze .
somehow , i ca nt remember how , she has to do with tulips .
a botanical poster showed the cross section of a tulip .
he drifted off the press conference platform and ambled aimlessly through city halls formal gardens , ablaze with daffodils and tulips .
` ` ' through the tulips , ' '' said morrison , looking at konev .
there 's an old show tune called ' tip toe through the tulips with me , ' in english , the words are - '' ` ` what nonsense are you speaking ? ''
` ` i ' m trying to point out that whenever someone says ' tiptoe ' to me , i automatically hear the phrase ' through the tulips ' in my mind .
bright orange flashes of minuscule shrimp darted in and out , feeding on the vine - tulip stamens .
liveried waiters poured the champagne into the tulip glasses ; bartenders fixed cocktails to order at the well - stocked bars in the parlor , the dining room , and beside the pool .
everywhere tulips filled window boxes , and each peaked roof supported high gables .
a desk decorated with framed photographs and some tulips in a vase .
beside it , a large flower base was placed containing a bunch of white icelandic dryas , the national flower of elf - land , and bunches of iceland poppies and tulips .
wants to go homenot before me and hico tango ( laughs ) around them red tulips that i plan to spread across his future dead cold blue body for getting my pretty little dove murdered .
tulips , they keep bugs away from the garden vegetables .
we only have batches of yellow tulips , do want one , or couples for your sweetie in south beach , wolf - man .
forget my tulips !
they re for hicofor his cold dead blue body after i stab him in the heart for killing my little dove wolf fades his voice and his body into the dark garage , seeking his prized bouquet of yellow tulips .
wolf gallops to atv , pitching the wrapped pretty bouquet of yellow tulips into my hands as i perfectly catch then he guns the running engine and races towards the disappeared atvs into thick green and red woodlands .
the thin patches of black grass , tall dark purple weeds , and gray wild flowers growing on the ground is creepy , since the color dances funky in the harsh wind , when i compare to the rosy red roses , cherry pink tulips , and white dogwoods flowers lounging beautifully around my house .
out of the corner of my acute peripheral vision , i see ming and his sons gathering and huddling at the edge of the porch , near the tulip bed flowers with slender vertical objects .
the pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses , tulips , daisies , tall green fern plants , shaded overgrown old trees , and funny animal shaped bushes .
then , nic returns to planting the new set of red tulips inside the dirt flower bed .
however , the pretty wedding altar nicely decorates in white flowers , consisting of roses , carnations , lilies , tulips , irises , and other perfumed flowers that i do nt care to research for their scientific names .
care to gallop through the wet tulips with argus ?
he slowly wipes his wet hand from the over chilled and sweating champagne fluted glass onto the baby violet tulip - shaped thingies sewn onto his white tuxedo vest of his black monkey suit while he eye burns pretty priscella bramlett .
shelike the other lovely girls attending dads galawears one of these poufy princess ball gowns while priscillas gown is designed as a white full tulle skirt with three tiers of stiff white ruffles with these slapped stupidly by monkeys little tiny baby violet tulip - shaped beaded accents .
her upper body is covered in a shoulder - less white satin , decorating with jakes same little baby sparkling violet - shaped tulips in hand sewn beads along with the thick neon violet satiny sash around her tiny waist .
priscella sneers like a baby grizzle bear as she strikes at empty air with her manicured lady hand at the dog that sniffs at one of the many delicate violet tulip hand - sewn beaded patches on her princess ball gown .
my mums are in along with my tulip bulbs and my ad is nt even in here , he said putting the paper down and getting up to put his jacket on .
he hands her a bouquet of colorful tulips .
i lean forward and reposition the red tulip almost falling from her hair .
the pleasant whiffs of the tulips .
a yellow tulip slowly bloomed in a twist , much slower than kiethara grew her flowers and less vibrant , for one or two of the petals drooped .
sunflowers , babys breath , marigolds , tulips , rosesnavadar walked very close behind her .
tulips pushed up in his neighbors small gardens skirting the fronts of the small ranch houses .
she looked to the neighbors yard , looked for help , but saw nothing but colorful tulips shed taken joy in only minutes ago .
red roses , pink gardenias , yellow daisies , pink tulips , and others i could nt name .. one of those flowers stood out from all the others , seeming to call to me .
something had changed in him , in his way of thinking , the day he saw the tulips open .
but after witnessing the tulips opening , nothing really mattered anymore .
it was as if the witnessing the tulip blossom brought him to life , it erased the mind programming and set his spirit free .
in the flowerbeds , a riot of color ensued as snapdragons and gerberas vied for space with snow peas , miniature sunflowers , and tulips .
her mouth would make the reddest tulip turn green with envy , while her neck would draw a similar reaction from even nefertiti .
i closed my eyes while i ran helplessly and pictured it in my mind : clear and shallow , tulips growing from the bottom , swaying under the water .
then , the florist left a message that she was nt able to order enough pink tulips for the table centerpieces .
as he drove out of the neighborhood , he marveled that the tulips and daffodils were already fading .
the tiny lights were coming from inside the petals of hundreds of tulips , which dotted the ground around them in shades of pink , purple , and white .
then , as titus full lips closed over hers , and the scent of tulips wafted up around her , selena realized that no stolen peck behind a school locker could have ever compared to this .
but i m sure here , at the grand imperial court , they do nt have an old man hunched over a ledger complaining about the cost of tulips , so i bite my tongue .
i drifted past bouquets of pink and red tulips , roses and sunflowers sold by local vendors , past street performers strumming guitars , playing saxophones and trombones .
its leaves were closed up like a tulip , which gave her the impression that it was a new budding flower .
this is why i m surrounded by dandelions , roses , tulips , and daisies and a couple of other rare flowers marigolds , asters , jonquils , narcissus , and rosemary .
i smell , not the fragrance of roses , carnations , daisies , tulips or buttercups , we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil .
even though , too , there was a second layer of smashed boarding , this time similar to the metallic shutters they had seen gracefully fall into place in sis home , the shattered steel shards splaying open like an immense , blooming tulip .
dad said no to the idea at first , but mom 's like a stubborn tulip in april .
a pink vase with a fresh yellow tulip sits on each one .
the tulips in the vases are gone .
i did nt belong in a house with these delicate tulips in the front yard .
stage 6 clue km 7.9 find the average of : amazing kiwi jerry kangaroo ming tulips charlie uniquely stroh at the speed of sound : you will be heard from afar , before returning to no4 .
at least , they re words that people associate with those countries then ming is china , kangaroo is australia , tulips from amsterdam ; holland .
she saw that all the flowers were in bloom even the ones that bloomed in different seasons , all the lilies she so loved , the orientals , with their intense aromas , even the daffodils and tulips .
muscles and spirits inside him he did nt even know he had were sprouting like spring tulips .
with the gun in his left hand , he kept the other policemen at bay with a sudden spray of bullets , shattering a tulip nursery behind them .
a pot of tulips bloomed in front of the general store , another next to the only gas pump in town in front of the store .
it seemed to me to be not a house to live in , but to show offas artificial as the purple tulips that stood on the reproduction rosewood table in the centre of the living room .
more than several paintings hung on each wall , and by the entryway was a fresh bouquet of pink tulips growing from a porcelain vase .
she was plucking flower petals from a pastry pink tulip , letting them fall to the ground .
his eyes immediately caught sight of the long gone tree near the summit , the tulip poplar .
i hear my mother shout from the backyard and we exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden .
i know what you need : a tulip .
you lost a baby not three months ago , your marriage just fell apart , and now you re on an island where thirty - four people burned to death and your father hanged himself over a bed of tulips .
the tulips were in bloom .
` ` like vultures circling over a fresh kill , '' mike muttered as chattering reporters with microphones popped up like april tulips all along the sidewalk .
five graves lay in a row under the great balizia tree : one named for pike , three with bundles of fresh tulips and the last , a fresh , unmarked mound of mud .
he stopped at a florist and bought a bouquet of white tulips .
her arm rested on the large electronic fireplace , carefully avoiding the vase of yellow tulips on the ledge .
one afternoon after work she had walked out of the office only to find him there , holding a large bunch of multicoloured tulips ; from that day on , tulips had become her favourite flowers .
one afternoon after work she had walked out of the office only to find him there , holding a large bunch of multicoloured tulips ; from that day on , tulips had become her favourite flowers .
when candice opened the door , she found herself staring at an older gentleman wearing a tailored grey suit and holding two bunches of tulips .
over dinner your mum mentioned that she would love to travel to europe , particularly to see the tulip fields in holland .
a few days later , your mum received a special delivery of 100 tulips with a book on the history of the flower lah explained lau with fond memories .
i got the 100 tulips delivered all the way from italy .
interestingly tulips are not a native european flower , but in fact they are traditionally from a mountain range located between afghanistan and pakistan explained beppe .
and it was you who covered our honeymoon suite in tulips !
and it was you who every year would send a bunch of tulips for our anniversary !
when they arrived at the apartment , they found it completely adorned with tulips in every room .
red and yellow tulips lined the walkways .
several rows of impressive , off - white tulips splashed with deep pink and dotted with dew glimmered in the early morning light .
his eyebrows furrowed in the proper mixture of sorrow and reverence , his jaw clenched so that his smirk of satisfaction would n't blossom like the lilies and tulips that girded the dais .
it irritated him , her air of tulips and plug - in deodorizers , the sunshine in her face and the dazzling white of her perfect teeth .
hope had held back one gun in reserve : an m191 that he had buried in a biscuit tin beside a large tulip tree in a back corner of the garden .
roses , daisies , and i love tulips . ''
a real genuine beam that stretched from her small tulip lips to her large ocean blue eyes .
by mid morning , jonathan walton of walton associates arrived and , introductions over and an agreement to call each other jim and jon , they sat outside overlooking the clear lake and beds of multicoloured tulips in warm spring sunshine .
so she ignored the red roses , the dahlias , the tulips and the sunflowers .
most tourists mistranslated jardins des tuileries as relating to the thousands of tulips that bloomed here , but tuileries was actually a literal reference to something far less romantic .
helped run the tulip escape route and got away with it .
a frig tulip .
he fixed his eye on the elegant tulip shell that had now wandered half way up the outside of the dark window .
even the drama of it , the danger , were fragile things compared with the progress of the tulip shell up the glass outside .
they walked to the alkmaarder meer , along winding , cobblestone streets that dated from the middle ages , and spent hours at the tulip fields on the outskirts of the city .
eighty - six square meters of amber were eventually crafted , the finished walls dotted with fanciful figurines , floral garlands , tulips , roses , seashells , monograms , and rocaille , all in glittering shades of brown , red , yellow , and orange .
tulips , roses , sculpted heads , figurines , seashells , flowers , monograms , rocaille , scrollwork , and floral garlandscall forged in ambercsprang from the walls .
the pale pink cherry blossoms were already trampled underfoot , tulips were blooming , and there was an unmistakable earthy scent in the air as spring advanced .
half of it 's blown apart by that fucking maniac , but the safe 's intact , which is why i ' m here and another guy outside in the tulips .
you can call a rose a tulip but it remains a rose ... . we must go back several decades - before the killings began .
twenty - three they made their way through the market streets and the massive , glittering maze of the souk itself , the splendid , frenetic , gold - and - red grand bazaar , with its myriad lanes of little shops selling everything from scents to spices to sheepskins to costly persian carpets from isfahan and kabul , cedarwood furniture , swords and armor , brass and silver coffeepots with snaking spouts and elongated necks , tulip - shaped glasses for tea and larger , slender ones for sharbat - a cornucopia selling everything in the world a man could imagine or desire , amid a babel of traders ' voices raised in at least a dozen different languages .
white tulips , specifically . ''
` ` i ' m looking for tulips .
many of the white tulips i sell , i pick myself near the hippodrome .
busily , a man in haste , he made his way through the sun - warmed streets to the hippodrome , and , sure enough , in the grass along one side of the racetrack , he found white tulips growing in abundance .
` ` these are beautiful - thank you , '' she said , accepting the huge bouquet of tulips he had cut for her .
it should have been beautiful , but it was unsettling to see such a tenderly cared for array of purple crocus , white snowdrops , bright red tulips , and soft yellow forsythia burgeoning in the shadows cast by such a greasy , decrepit house .
or perhaps tulips if you think that roses say you just want him for sssssex . ''
` ` tulpa , not tulip , '' trent said .
i could hear al humming ` ` tiptoe through the tulips , '' punctuated by little mmms of discovery as he unearthed who knew what from the crates behind me .
stefan stepped squarely in front of his prize tulips , while aidan glided in to wall off the roses .
above their heads , a ceiling fan drooped like an upside - down tulip , its wooden blades warped from the floodwater that had risen to engulf them for god knew how many days before it had finally receded .
i swivel around a blooming row of crimson tulips .
there are flowers all around me ; roses , lilies , tulips .
i watched him type in three passwords : dolphin , tulip , and monica .
yellow , pink , and red flowers grew in random bunches now , cheerful tulips mixing with jonquil and iris .
leaving the empty room , payne stepped out into the pervasive milky light and -- down by the reflecting pool , a brilliant yellow shape shifted and danced like a tulip in a breeze .
the rolling green grass and the tulips and honeysuckle reached only so far before they were cut off by a ring of trees that encircled the lawn .
just as the tulips stood in their beds with everlasting blooms upon their slender stalks and the crocuses were perpetually unfurling and the roses were always fat - headed with petals , so too were there no bugs or weeds or disease .
hitching up her robing , she started to walk , marching through the perpetually blooming tulips with their fat hats in vibrant , jewel - like hues .
i was the equivalent of a princess on a white horse being escorted by her handsome prince across a field of tulips .
he has no voice , little tulip , none at all , '' replied lord akeldama .
a hoarse voice said , ` ` rub out the word , my darling tulip . ''
he could almost hear the great roar of the dancing fountains , see the long narrow beds of daffodils and tulips blooming eternally out of season , hear the hypnotic music that beat like a heart beneath it all .
there were banks of lilies , vases ful of roses , tulips in every color and shade , and riots of daffodils and narcissus , while fragrant honeysuckle and freesia lay in bowers .
` ` when i turned thirteen my grandmother sent me a bouquet of tulips in a plastic yellow pot . ''
mom 's tulips are starting to poke their little heads out of the soil and into the sunlight .
` ` we 're probably crushing mom 's tulips . ''
` ` i know how much you love your tulips , so i thought i 'd bring your garden to you , '' tex says , gesturing to a bouquet of baby yellow tulips in a pink vase .
` ` i know how much you love your tulips , so i thought i 'd bring your garden to you , '' tex says , gesturing to a bouquet of baby yellow tulips in a pink vase .
the tulips are just about ready to bloom .
the tulips are just starting to peek their little heads out of the ground .
she 's teaching me about the tulips , and i ' m trying to remember everything .
so , we have plenty of time for hiking and camping , and i 'll get to see my tulips bloom one more time . ''
he comes in , brandishing a bouquet of tulips in yellow and red .
she puts the tulips on the counter and smooths her apron with both hands .
she gazes down at the tulips , fingering one of the delicate petals .
her tulips had n't bloomed yet , but they would soon .
ava reminds me of a tulip .
she stares at a photograph of a bouquet of tulips in a rusty jug on the wall next to the window .
the tulip lamp had been frosted white .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
flowers filled the terraces : roses , tulips , poppies , daisies , and odd but strikingly beautiful blossoms that looked like a cluster of inverted tulips hanging in an umbrella arrangement from a single purplish stem .
she could match tulips , hyacinths , and crocuses with their images , but there were others , blue and delicate , that looked as if they would never bloom in any place that was n't wild .
` ` but he sent you the largest of vases , '' lady nilly said , nearly hidden behind a profusion of pink gillyflowers and red tulips .
bits of siding were falling off the outside wall , crushing roy 's prize tulips .
the leaves are bright green with birth , the chestnut trees are clustered with pink buds , and the walkways are lined with lemon yellow tulips .
he asked her about tulips , then asked her about windmills .
mom says to deb , and i bite my lip , turning to swap the faded , drooping roses on deb 's dresser for the fresh tulips in my arms .
while trimming the stems of the tulips i picked up on the way over , i relay the latest developments in my life .
' i thought you might be getting tired of tulips , and also , one of dad 's rosebushes bloomed .
depositing last week 's purple tulips in the trash can , i rinse and fill the vase in her bathroom sink .
several pots of green and yellow tulips shifted all at once .
small , scrolled - iron lamps illuminate birch trees and maples , trellises neat with climbing roses , and beds of blood - red tulips .
it 's gotten so cold i pull my coat tight around me , but catch sight of nathan standing on the curb with a bouquet of yellow tulips in his hand .
it 's not spring yet , but it feels very close , and i love standing here under the blue sky , thinking about how mom 's tulips will bloom soon .
giving mom 's tulip beds a wide berth , i throw the ball up into the air as high as it will go , then catch it .
` ` i ' ve heard wonderful things about that program , '' mom says , swiveling a vase of tulips and lilies , trying to catch the petals in the best light .
i open my sketchbook and draw the tulips that mom ca n't seem to get situated .
` ` i 'll keep praying for her , '' mom says , and i focus on filling the paper in front of me with tulips until the doorbell rings .
a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for .
a queen who had the power to turn us both into tulips if she thought it would be amusing .
roll in a field of tulips .
i came here for tulip fields , but they only bloom in the springtime .
then i explain to him about wren and her bucket list and the big fields of tulips being out of season so we had to settle for this .
` ` tulips in august is not so easy .
we walk down the tiny paths in between the beds , the air thick with humidity and manure until wolfgang points out a section of tulips in fuchsia , sunburst , and one explosive citrusy combo that looks like a blood orange .
in his hands are a dozen purple tulips for my mom and a box of frango chocolates for me .
the tattoo is of an alien holding a bouquet of tulips in one hand as though offering them to some unseen entity .
he continues to move as if tiptoeing through a bed of tulips .
the girl next to me demands , and i compliment her on her flower ( even if it looks more like an elephant than a tulip ) and tell her to draw more .
if that is not enough to recognize me , i could also have a tulip between my teeth .
simple cylinder - shaped lamps hung from the ceiling , and the altar was covered with a billion white tulips .
tulips were alison 's favorite flower .
meeting the flower seller , pete , who had dirt under his fingernails , a tattoo on his neck , and looked at hanna like he wanted to shove her behind the springy bouquets of tulips and have his way with her .
tulips sprung from the flower beds in the front lawn .
and would an older girl have paused when wren plucked a single tulip from the flower stand when the florist was n't looking and handed it to spencer without paying , thinking they were going to get in trouble ?
nothing garish , not like those bright parrot tulips you got the other day .
a beautiful bouquet of spring tulips and lit candles decorated the center of the table ; my aunt let him borrow her fine china .
as i got out of the car , i called , ` ` your tulips are beautiful ! ''
i call it ` ` the tulip on the hill , '' a song inspired by the first day we spent together when i got out of the hospital after my surgery : ` ` i just think you should take it easy , '' camryn said that day .
` ` i think tulips are pretty , '' she said distantly , staring toward the small , grassy hill on the other side of me .
i looked , too , and saw a single tulip perched on the top of that hill , all alone .
i ' m not sure why , but ever since that day , whenever i see a tulip anywhere , i think of her .
emma whirled around to see garrett shoving a bouquet of tulips in her face .
we were only trying to get our tulips to market . ''
i still keep pictures in my mind of my governess on some may morning , carrying my hoop and stick , and the morning sun behind her , and all the tulips bobbing in the breeze .
but i have forgotten the name of my governess , and of the tulips too . ''
` ` i do n't think tulips have names , '' said coraline .
` ` they 're just tulips . ''
` ` but i have always thought that these tulips must have had names .
everything in it was gray - no , not quite everything : something glinted on the floor , something the color of an ember in a nursery fireplace , the color of a scarlet - and - orange tulip nodding in the may sun .
i turn my head away from the sound of her voice and stare out the window at the sunlight reflecting against a lawn ornament shaped like a tulip , and hug the teddy bear against my chest , the one my dad gave me as an early birthday present the day before he died .
there are little red , heart - shaped beads on the tulip and when they catch in the light they flicker and make dots dance against the concrete on the back porch .
for a few seconds all she concentrated on was dragging air through a throat that felt as stable as the crushed stem of a tulip .
i like cherry sundaes in tulip glasses , and i save the whipped cream for last .
you ca nt tell if you re looking at a tulip or a wild onion if you look too closely at the skin .
using a pair of climbing spikes , freddie shinnied about twenty five feet up a large tulip poplar just beside the road .
from his observation point in the tulip poplar , freddie was the first one of us to observe the white sheriffs car turning onto falls avenue from grace chapel road .
poor freddie was still stuck in the top of the tulip poplar , praying the lawmen did not look up !
the tulip heads wee bobbing in a way that reminded the girl of twa tribe dancers .
a half - dozen members of the bissell grounds crew were fussing over barrels of brave school blue tulips looking forlorn against the snowy backdrop .
i was thinking tulips .
the beautiful spring tulips and geraniums that once decorated every windowsill , doorway and sidewalk caf , were conspicuously absent .
it certainly was nt the tulips .
he remembered the exact day in april with the budding tulips turning miles and miles of green fields a deep violet .
after a couple of miles , the road rounded a large stand of leyland cypress intermingled with an abundance of tulip poplars and one magnificent hundred year old texas red oak tree .
felix opened the red drawers of his excess inventory and began to remove a new set of items : a thin , metal optical cavity , assorted colors of circuitry wires , a breadboard , two thick metal disks , two large circular mirrors , a small jar of gallium arsenide , a handful of small steel clamps , a power cable , a soldering iron and sponge , and finally another small plastic bag filled with tulip seeds .
his first major breakthrough as a scientist had been made through dna tests performed on the same type of tulip seed he now held before him .
as the blue light faded from the cylinder , a newly formed tulip dropped lightly into his open hand .
she looked apprehensively at the tulip before her and moved her eyes above it to felix .
she asked , looking down at the tulip .
karen slammed her folder closed , crushing and flattening the tulip between its pages .
he pulled it from the stack to reveal a carefully preserved , pressed yellow tulip contained within .
i guess i m the fool today , shaking hands with a giant bunny and wandering around with a sick girl whose face is covered with painted tulips .
red tulips with their beautiful large flower , and trumpet - shaped flower of golden daffodils filled the pool along with several snowdrops with its white drooping flowers .
jack walked between two rows of red and yellow tulips .
ruperts father was the town butcher and his mother sold tulips in sleepy lakes open market .
they watched the whole 90 minute show that featured tiny tim singing  tip toe through the tulips .
it would n't be long before hundreds of tulips stood like fancy - hat - wearing soldiers all over the yard , the result of painstaking pre - winter planting by his mom over the years .
even tick , not exactly a flower expert , enjoyed his mom 's ridiculous amount of tulips every spring .
she likes tulips .
one of the neighbors had some daffodils and tulips in the flower bed .
those along the front walk were kind of old and bedraggled , but there was a row of bicolor tulips on the shadier side of the house that had yet to come into bloom .
one of the tulip stems had bent and the bloom had flopped over .
my hands shook as i rinsed the vase and arranged the tulips so at least they were nt sticking in all direction .
the metal shattered into flakes like a tulip dipped in liquid nitrogen .
a powerful petal of tulip .
tulittalians must be from tulips .
the battlefield was filled with red roses and tulips .
the roses were pushing tulips back , and the triumph of roses was at hand .
he noticed that its gardens only had tulips .
he was wearing a yellow kimono with the embroidery of tulips .
his crown was in gold , and silver tulips decorated it .
there was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger , and the room was filled with the scent of violet .
both armies crashed at the border , and the area was soon filled with red roses and red tulips .
too many red tulips were blooming along the path the army had taken .
and she turned into a red tulip .
dancing in the tulips and loving every second of your life ?
occasionally , someone brought a flower into the underworld , but none has imagined the sight of hundreds of blooming tulips and daffodils spread before them .
even the flowers , the roses , lilies and tulips , were of incredibly fine , white porcelain .
lakyn clenched his fist and threw the vase of tulips sitting beside the bed against the wall , leaving it dripping with water and the carpet soaked .
the entire hillside was swathed in dancing lilies , roses , tulips , and daisies in every shade of pink imaginable , giving the illusion of a rolling coral sea .
she made some pink tulips sprout from a molochs open jaws .
she saw golden net ribbons strung across the room , with bouquets of silver tulips tied up where the ribbons crossed .
it was decorated with realistic looking vines made of gold , and on the vines bloomed gorgeous , but delicate silver tulips .
spattered in peach paint , starphish fiddled with a plastic tulip woven into her braids .
the plastic tulip dangled precariously from one of starphishs braids .
in their places were a field of tulips on one side of the road and a cedar grove on the other .
prologue tulips and roses mingled among the foxgloves that blanketed the garden .
rubbing back and forth about the band around her right middle finger ; she close her eyes , losing herself in visions of forests abound of desirable blue roses , vibrant tulips , and trees that bare leaves of splendid silver .
an exquisite fresh bouquet of pale pink and faint violet lilies , in amongst an array of white tulips were set in the very center of the table .
it was not of a lily or a tulip , but of a rose .
from the simplicity of the daisy that grow in every color of thy rainbow , to the vibrancy of the purple , orange , and pink tulip .
they were shaped almost like the heads of tulips , but were a bit thicker .
and there , the elegant flower - shop where for months he s pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she catches his gaze on her , for his gaze is focused past the flowers on one of the three florists , honey - blonde and slim , more graceful than all the flowers in the world , and then , finally , one june day ( roses displayed now ) , he summons up courage and pushes the door open , another jangle , the bell , the three aproned girls twittering in french no more comprehensible to him than the twittering of the two love - birds in the great gilded cage and louise ( he is louis and she is louise , hell say to her later and say it could nt be coincidence ) smiles shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsels his bouquet and later tells him she was jealous of the girl the bouquet was for , not knowing then that it was a pretext .
stares and imagines on the other side of it the elegant flower - shop where for months he d pretended to admire seasonal flowers in the display window : first daffodils like gay yellow telephones and then tulips , red like her cheeks when she caught his gaze on her and now , this june day on the other side of the pure white wall , hell push the door open on the three aproned girls twittering in french and louise will smile shyly and in lovely fragmented english counsel his bouquet and this time hell know she s jealous of the girl she thinks the bouquets for but its for her as shell discover an hour later at closing time when she comes out and finds him there ( the past corrected by hindsight into a new future ) with the flowers and also with the gold ring cleaned of muck , earned by a lifetime of suffering here , waiting for her , her honey hair and shy smile .
instead , she has visions of unrelated things enjoyed in a previous lifetime : yellow tulips , sledding in qubec , making love with richard in the honeymoon hotel room with pictures of soaring birds on the pale blue walls , the seine at sunrise , things that of course shed already lost .
that happens maybe years later , for seasons have gone by , he thinks , marked by the changing bouquets of the flower shop as he hops and hops , shuttles and shuttles , square 2 , april daffodils , hop hop , square 1 , the door , square 3 , may tulips , hop hop the door , the horse head round and round , square 1 , hop hop , june roses , high summer , no rs in the months , no more oysters in the fish store , hop hop , square 2 , all saints day chrysanthemums , hop hop , door , holly - wreaths now , the door , always the same , the door he can never open , hop hop hop hop , no hope , hope , hope .
no may tulips followed by june roses .
this was like a tulip bursting through the ice .
as she touched it it grew , and opened , and twisted , and changed , until she was resting her hand on a green tulip head .
he stared at the tulip plant , and shook his head .
i ' m ... fairy tulip and that 's ... '' she avoided looking directly at granny , ' ... fairy ... daisy ... and this is ... ' ' fairy hedgehog , ' said nanny ogg .
' you just stay here with fairy tulip , i think it was , and we 'll just go and make sure your granny 's all right .
there were sixty - four of them , from wezen the double - headed kangaroo to gahoolie , the vase of tulips ( a constellation of great religious significance whose meaning , alas , was now lost ) .
a bunch of tulips cascaded from his hands .
yards were decorated with colorful tulips , daffodils , and potted plants and adorned with american flags and plastic geese .
it had flame - red tulips planted in mannered rows under the windows , and the lawn looked well behaved , too .
i 'd hit it in pretty season - tulips bloomed in shocking rows of red and yellow , like velvet rings of fire rippling in the wind around trees and home gardens .
i dropped back into tulips and doric columns on the portico as the front door opened .
the daffodils bustled in the breeze and here and there on the side of the hill a few early tulips nodded .
the basketball hoops were tied back and filled with bright , pungent flowers - primroses , tulips , and chrysanthemums - masking the smell of adolescent sweat .
charlie was arguing too much for a man in the same room as mr tulip , especially a mr tulip who was halfway through a bag of powdered mothballs .
' i gather there are many organizations who hold views on that , mr tulip .
what he had was a stupidity habit , which cut in whenever he found anything being sold in little bags , and this had resulted in mr tulip seeking heaven in flour , salt , baking powder and pickled beef sandwiches .
it was quite hard to hire mr tulip and mr pin .
once cured , he might indicate in a general kind of way another address where you would meet , in a dark corner , a man who would tell you emphatically that he had never heard of anyone called tulip or pin .
' he 's got the story of our lives , mr tulip ! '
he 'd had a plan , ever since he 'd met mr tulip and found that his own inventiveness combined with tulip 's incessant anger promised a successful career .
said the happening tulip , who had uncovered another painting .
probably by some -- ing pupil while they had been marking time in the city mr pin had followed mr tulip , trailing scouring powder and canine worming tablets , through one after another of the city 's art galleries .
but in truth he was familiar with tulip on art .
' mr tulip ? '
' it 's not a -- ing harpsichord , it 's a -- ing virginal , ' growled mr tulip .
' in a bun , mr tulip . '
' we are not your old - style bother boys , mr tulip .
' it has its good points , mr tulip . '
' it 's a -- ing picnic compared to me , ' rumbled mr tulip , his nose lighting up .
he was as far away from mr tulip as possible now , because the man 's dry hair was standing out from his head .
this man knows things ' hard to know any -- ing thing when you 're dead , ' snarled mr tulip .
likely number of friends of mr tulip .
at the bar mr tulip bit the top off a bottle in a meaningful way .
this time it was tulip who grabbed mr pin 's arm as he raised the candlestick .
said sister tulip , peering through the sleet .
even with a metal bucket over his head , which would probably begin to corrode after a few minutes , there would be something recognizable about mr tulip .
' i -- ing hates pictures , ' snarled mr tulip .
but tulip did have a point .
theology was not a field in which mr pin had much knowledge , despite accompanying mr tulip to a number of the more well - designed temples and chapels , on one occasion to scrag a high priest who 'd tried to double - cross frank ' nutboy ' nabbs , but the little he had absorbed was suggesting to him that this might be the very best time to take a bit of an interest .
mr pin shuddered , straightened his jacket and then looked mr tulip up and down .
' take a look at 'em , mr tulip . '
' i ' m not going to -- ' ' do you want mr tulip here to say goodbye to our drunken friends ? '
after all , their shadows would follow mr tulip , not him ... ' this house belongs to lord de worde and his son gave me the key ! '
' we 're -- ing trapped , ' moaned tulip .
mr tulip , walking up and down the cellar like a trapped animal , picked up one of the cages and glared at the creatures .
just me , mr tulip .
said tulip .
lives , mr tulip .
' good ... ' death patted mr tulip on the shoulder , which flinched under his touch .
that would have been ... a tulip or a barbie doll or something .
she looked more closely and saw the shape of an old woman crouched in the middle of the flower garden under a tulip tree .
* * * hothouse tulips breathed spring into the small chapel .
the weather reflected her spirits , though her future did not seem as bright as the green fields outside the window , the purple aubrietia that spilled over garden walls , the gay red and yellow tulips , the thousands of tiny daisies and dandelions that carpeted the grassy pastures .
finally she settled on a shear white rayon blouse with small yellow tulips embroidered around the collar and cuffs .
finally she clipped on a pair of small pearl earrings set in a delicate gold filigree pattern that seemed to echo the tiny embroidered tulips on her blouse .
he bent down and picked a yellow tulip and brought it back to her .
a yellow tulip .
conor looked down at it and saw the yellow tulip embroidered in the corner .
he picked up the handkerchief with the yellow embroidered tulip and put it to his face to smell her again .
conor reached into his pocket for his tee and again felt the handkerchief with the embroidered tulip in the corner that annie had given him .
a trunk held most of her clothes , some shoes , copies of her screenplays and a few books , including the one of keats ' poetry with the dried pressed yellow tulip inside .
she thought they were like a fading , dying tulip blossom that becomes most beautiful just before the petals fall away .
he took the handkerchief with the embroidered yellow tulip in the corner and held it to his face .
on the opposite wall was a large oil still life depicting yellow tulips .
his eyes went from the calcutta loving cup to the painting of the yellow tulips .
he took another sip of his scotch and looked again at the painting of yellow tulips .
pushed to the back of the drawer was her book of keats poetry with the dried yellow tulip still pressed between the pages .
the park was different now , but he could still imagine feeding the ducks and picking the tulips .
` ` that had to be yours with that yellow tulip on it , '' bridie commented .
she picked up the spray of eucalyptus and yellow tulips from the seat next to her with one hand and took hold of her cane with the other .
i purchase a blend of her buttery daffodils and crisp white tulips .
i place the tulips and daffodils in a mug and set them by the window .
i walk upstairs to fill the mug with water so that the daffodils and tulips keep until the morning next .
the daffodils and tulips are still fresh , and i gather them together , drying the stems with my surcote .
~~~~ what the duke wants by kristin vayden published by blue tulip publishing www.bluetulippublishing.com smashwords edition copyright 2014 kristin vayden this is a work of fiction .
mattie ann and elizabeth , sergeant stevens two youngest daughters are playing under the large tulip poplar at the edge of the yard .
the end upon a midnight dream london fairy tales , book 1 by rachel van dyken blue tulip publishing smashwords edition copyright 2014 rachel van dyken this is a work of fiction .
her favourite nursery company had sent her a catalogue with hand - tinted tulips and crocuses .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
on the side table near the sofa there was a bottle of wine , half - empty , with a pair of drained tulip wine glasses nearby .
she still weeds her tulips at the front of the house , though .
i watched mrs . saunders push her walker across the paving - stone path i d made around her yard , so that she could weed her spring tulips safely .
` ` i was expecting rose bushes and tulips and stuff like that . ''
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
in the spring , mary planned on planting some white tulips in the area as a symbol of her forgiveness .
in the centre of the road stood an enormous tulip - tree , which towered like a giant above all the other trees of the neighborhood , and formed a kind of landmark .
it looked a little like a tulip .
some folks had even parked on the lawn , so uncle jack found himself a not too terribly inconvenient spot on tulip poplar lane , the side street that ran behind the church and over into the wealthy part of town .
he watched promise get into her grandfathers car and disappear into the tree - lined shadows of maplewood drive , just off of tulip poplar and a few blocks from the church .
he hopped the curb and cut the corner from tulip poplar onto maplewood , knocking over someones mailbox in the process .
as he slowed at the corner of tulip poplar , she jumped out of the truck .
he put his fingers in his pockets and rubbed the outer fabric of his pants with his thumbs as he waited , studying the row of tulips that lined her front pathway .
in the empty room opposite his he saw a bunch of tulips left by the last patient .
lorz did nt dare offer her the tulips he d taken from the hospital room .
the front of the house was awash in red , yellow and blue tulips that blazed brightly against the buildings facade and dared the neighbors to compete .
a tulip right out of the pot it was growing in .
or maybe she 's blowing gm cowboys in austin or wendover - bending forward until her breasts press flat on her thighs beneath a calendar showing tulips in holland ; gripping set after set of flabby buttocks in her hands and thinking about what to watch on tv that night , when her shift is done .
filling the screen was this tulip , this one tulip , so beautiful it just made you want to hold your breath .
filling the screen was this tulip , this one tulip , so beautiful it just made you want to hold your breath .
then the camera pulled back with dizzying suddenness and you saw a whole field filled with tulips .
the girls grab the free end of the hankies and spin and spin , their white dresses with red and yellow embroidery flaring like dying tulips .
he bent over and took a bite of her tulips .
he took another bite of the yellow tulips and turned the handle on the door .
i want to twist your ears till they re shaped like tulips !
gwen was eighty when she moved into a retirement community called tulip fields .
and just as she thought the only love she would ever know would be unrequited , she moved into tulip fields , where the filmmakers grandmother , alice , also happened to live .
alice had mentioned to her grandson that she thought tulip fields was like going back to high school , with all the men chasing after the most popular girl , with only one thing on their mind .
muttering , i struggled with the basket of wet clothes as i made my way down the narrow first - floor hallway of our tenement building and then down the five wooden steps that led out to the back yard ; a small fenced - in patch of grass with a big oak tree on the right and a row of tulips and daffodils on the left .
there was a grass snake back home that liked to hide out in her tulip patch .
tulips and jonquils splashed color around the budding trees .
like a tulip , her heavy head rested in the cup of her hands as she stared at the tv screen on the far wall .
alone and dead at the corner of the parking lot among the leafless box elders , geraniums , and tulips , sat alan , wrapped in his biohazard suit with an un - deployed executive parachute on his back .
it stood as high as himself , a slender , dignified object with a smooth black metal stem spreading at the crown into six curving swan necks each ending in a red , pear shaped plastic knob , like so many tulips in bud .
he rose to cross the street , breaking into a slow jog at one point to avoid an oncoming lime - green volkswagen beetle driven by a small asian guy wearing a dallas cowboys hat and who had selected a violet tulip for the little holder built into the dashboard .
matt found a large vintage hex sign with tulips in it , but it had such an occult look i refused to let him buy it .
catalog prints of countless flowers were pinned to the walls roses and tulips and lilies and chrysanthemums .
events like tulip - mania ( where the price of one tulip exceeded the price of a house ) and the great depression ( where rampant financial speculation led to financial collapse ) are merely reflections of the reality that herd consciousness can get things spectacularly wrong as well as spectacularly right .
events like tulip - mania ( where the price of one tulip exceeded the price of a house ) and the great depression ( where rampant financial speculation led to financial collapse ) are merely reflections of the reality that herd consciousness can get things spectacularly wrong as well as spectacularly right .
in the seventies we had baby wet n care which , after its caregiver poured special fluid into its little tulip mouth , dots on the babys bottom turned red .
i do n't know , but while people were screaming in horror , superkid -- he was actually aaron at the moment -- was sweating in the garden , chopping with his mighty trowel at stubborn weeds that were crowding the tulips residing there , dislocating his shoulder , with a merciless sun bearing down on him .
we 'll just stay long enough to watch the mutant root pop out some spines , plug them into the bulbs and begin pumping poison to change the domestic tulips up above into man - eating plants of doom .
then the tulips ' mouths opened and from each of them a long yellow tongue with a knob on the end stretched out and tasted the air .
having found their target , the tulip tongues slowly retracted into the tulip mouths and the tulips themselves slowly retracted into the ground , hiding in the cover of the thick weeds , like little vicious monsters waiting to pounce on their prey .
having found their target , the tulip tongues slowly retracted into the tulip mouths and the tulips themselves slowly retracted into the ground , hiding in the cover of the thick weeds , like little vicious monsters waiting to pounce on their prey .
having found their target , the tulip tongues slowly retracted into the tulip mouths and the tulips themselves slowly retracted into the ground , hiding in the cover of the thick weeds , like little vicious monsters waiting to pounce on their prey .
one of the tulips , however , did just the opposite .
let 's just get back to the tulip growing , its stem getting taller and thicker and its flower getting bigger and redder , the petals stretching with the sound of silk curtains rubbing against each other -- and never mind your parents ' pants ripping !
the tulip grew larger and larger , stretching and stretching until it towered twenty feet over aaron 's back .
a ginormous tulip was looking down at him with its golden carpel dangling out .
when aaron panicked , the tulip reacted on instinct , whipping its tongue around him until he was completely wrapped in a slimy carpel .
then the evil tulip began reeling him in .
he would have used his arms to beat futilely against the twisted tulip but they were wrapped against his sides by the sticky carpel !
he whipped his body around and kicked his legs as he was lifted closer to the tulip 's sucking mouth .
here 's what happened : when the evil tulip had swallowed aaron , it did n't realize it had swallowed something dangerous along with him .
the tulip then used its tongue - like carpel to lick its petal lips and then it let out a disgusting explosion from its mouth that would send most etiquette - conscious mothers into a frenzy .
the tulip began twitching and making odd ` ` ck - ck - ck '' noises that sounded a lot like choking .
which was actually very accurate , if you remember all those tulips that had retracted to the ground .
he cried , ` ` you wo n't believe me , but i was almost eaten by this giant tulip ! ''
` ` giant tulip ? ! ''
superkid , darrin , derrick , and doctor rowenna e. doublin had run into the trap they were all so worried about and were now running for their lives a group of pumpkin heads , as well as giant dandelions , a swarm of flying nuts , cactus men , tree ghouls , and a troop of long - tongued tulips charged after them , screaming , ` ` re - e - e - ed !
* * * we found george in karen 's garden , picking his way on delicate paws among the tulips and daffodils and making playful passes at bumble bees .
george vaulted a row of yellow tulips and landed beside me .
everyone knows i ' m allergic to tulips .
however , she had to consider all those deluxe wreaths just over the horizon , not to mention shellys regular order of dahlias , tulips and daffs .
to make up for the lack of booze , i hastily nick a bunch of pink tulips that were in a chrome bucket outside the entrance amongst the other flowers and plants .
but on this day , the rushing swell of water fell into cakes of ice ; tulips peeked warily through the flowerbeds .
tulips , emmas favorite , filled the garden .
the tulips were already gone and the daffodils , but the marigolds were coming in , the day lilies continued strong , and mary fed and watered the roses so they would hold their heads up for the return of their mistress .
it was a late spring snow and covered the tulips and daffodils that had already bloomed in the yard .
the red tulips looked like drops of blood on the white blanket of snow .
when she smiled at me , seeing her lips part was like being privileged to watch a pink tulip opening itself in sped - up motion to the morning sun .
in glasgow a tulip had eaten a chocolate vending machine , a kiosk selling among other things cannabis resin and amphetamines , and an american tourist before being run - over by an underground train eyewitnesses described as long and orange , the bent - spine colour of some novels .
i m not enough of a garden club anglophile to keep a garden diary , but , if my memory serves , its the earliest i ve ever seen the tulips or hyacinths down here .
aunt pattys tulips they are a fireworks explosion ensconced in a glass vase .
aunt pattys tulips that explode like a late summer sunset .
at ground level a visual explosion of red and yellow tulips dots the campus landscape .
red and yellow tulips dot the grounds .
remember when you helped her plant tulips and some other perennials around her sheds lattice about five years ago ?
the tulip pattern on the fabric .
darla looked at the photos on the wall , generic shots of little boys giving tulips to little girls .
a million and a half for the cleveland plant , i d be handing out tulips and swiss chocolates .
i ' m glad we ' ve found each other once again , my tulip , my angel , my soul savior .
lackeys and tulips make food for the conscience .
some held , upon their laps , pink potted tulips that they had signed out from the yard for the purposes of indirectly expressing empathy for their compatriot .
as we walked to the roller coaster , we passed the twirling tulip ride and i noticed three familiar faces standing together in line .
as we walked over to an empty tulip , i nudged sallys attention at michelle and said softly , what s her deal ?
once we were seated in the curved tulip seats , sally leaned sideways and cupped her mouth .
the twirling tulip was one of those old - fashioned spinning rides with a big round platform that swirled round and round and up and down like a dropped penny .
in the center of each tulip was a wheel you could grab with your friends from all sides and pull if you wanted to go faster .
while we waited for the other tulips to fill up , michelle leaned over the center wheel to danny , hey , danny , i m really sorry what happened this morning .
the arbor was covered with climbing white roses and pale blue clematis plants that they had forced into bloom out of season in one of the greenhouses , and surrounded by pots of also forced pastel tulips and bleeding hearts and live giant ferns , so that the effect was of a fairytale cottage garden .
one of his flailing hands knocked over a red glass tulip , and it shattered .
we were all frozen for a moment me standing tall with adrenaline pumping and feeling stronger than i d ever felt , lyle-2 kneeling on the ground and looking up at me with stunned fury , and lily-2 gaping as her eyes went from me to lyle before finally settling on the shards of red tulip .
she tore her gaze from the tulip and , for the first time , looked to lyle-2 for help .
belinda saw the tulips as hands , each petal a finger , that could hold a small glass sphere , an ice cube , a robins egg .
fred had given her those purple tulips last thursday , on the anniversary of their first date , an occasion shed always demanded he recognize .
back to the tulips .
she remembered , inexplicably , the tulips , their petal - fingers wilting and falling off .
near a clump of lilacs , the woman had planted a profusion of tulips and assorted wild flowers .
further down the twisty path , a tulip poplar was nestled between an eastern hemlock and diminutive chokeberry .
when they were almost halfway through , they opened a quilt that was all stones and fungus and lichens overlain with beautiful individual flowers , apple blossoms , peach and cherry , tulips and dog tooth violets and trilliums and lady slipper orchids among the stones .
the spring bulbs had pushed through the bare earth and all the little gardens around the farmhouse were alive with daffodils and elegant tulips , sky blue patches of scilla and white snowdrops and narcissus .
up ahead on the trail was a tulip polar with a thick spread of golden leaves .
there was a widow who always planted more and more tulips in her yard each year .
james wondered how long it would take before the whole yard was conquered by the troops of tulips she so meticulously set in rows .
even the professionally planted tulips over the park avenue subway grates were impossible pioneers of spring , front soldiers in the hope for beauty , shot down by fumes and noise .
the air was clear and clean and songbird - sized mosquitoes fluttered around in the decorative heights of gladioli , rhododendrons and tulips .
she smiled at the marigolds and tulips planted in the grassy center of the track .
but all i can make are dumb - looking tulips .
draw a tulip .
he was dressed in a navy suit and tie , spit - shined black shoes ( he needed a size wider , but who was being picky ) , a briefcase in his hand ... toting a bouquet of multi - colored tulips .
corleone , he said deeply , extending the tulips , carlo corleone .
she half - heartedly looked , not taking her eyes off the tulips .
belinda 's face turned the color of pink tulips as his mouth turned up and gray eyes glistened .
it was a lovely summer bouquet filled with roses and tulips and baby 's breath .
the narcissus had been blooming in my backyard for a couple of weeks , and the tulips looked promising .
my little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but i envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
banks of tulips from pale peach to salmon were punctuated with white and peach narcissus .
we all grew up together at fair havens baptist and you know you do nt really believe this tulip nonsense .
iris placed dusky pink tulips and sunshine yellow daffodils in water - filled metal vases shelved in front of the shop window .
you do nt have time for you to go tip - pawing through the tulips now .
hey , these flowers are nt tulips after all .
` ` that 's tulip .
i have got used to sipping it , black , out of a tulip - shaped glass , avoiding , as you recommended , sugar lumps .
i noticed the young green shoots of daffodils and tulips had grown noticeably taller in the past couple of days .
crocuses and daffodils were long gone ; late tulips were fading and being replaced by irises and peonies .
her eye caught a crazy - quilt of color : tulips , asparagus , strawberries , bananas , hanging sausages , live chickens caught by their feet and twisting at the ends of long ropes and all of it flying by in a hectic haze .
three tulip shaped light covers were positioned at the bottom of each .
the yard , if you could call it that was as generally rough looking , except nearer to the house were several flower beds , filled with tulips and easter lilies in bloom , it must be early spring , she thought .
the scores of former street people disbursed throughout the building stood out from the finely attired upper crust of the community like tulips sticking up through a late spring snow .
ahead of him , fra ostrovsky from russia and fra bardaric from the uk followed linette tassone 's clicking steps through a corridor of travertine walls lit by blown - glass sconces shaped like tulips .
` ` let 's put some tulip bulbs in potting soil on top of him .
` ` it 's way too late to put in tulips , '' i told her .
sam eased over to a statue of a woman with a baby and long tulip leaves sculpted around the base .
margo 's list : 3 whole catfish , wrapped separately veet ( it 's for shaving your legs only you do n't need a razor it 's with all the girly cosmetic stuff ) vaseline six - pack , mountain dew one dozen tulips one bottle of water tissues one can of blue spray paint ` ` interesting capitalization , '' i said .
now , i ' m not sure what you 're supposed to say to the checkout woman at twelve - thirty in the morning when you put thirteen pounds of catfish , veet , the fat - daddy - size tub of vaseline , a six - pack of mountain dew , a can of blue spray paint , and a dozen tulips on the conveyor belt .
as i drove up to karin 's house , margo disappeared into the way - back and returned with the bouquet of tulips .
she drove to the florist and asked for a dozen tulips .
winter thawed , and spring splattered the countryside with tulips and daffodils .
then i hunch over and fall to my knees in a bed of tulips and bushes .
i ' m in some bushes ... and tulips . ''
chapter 25 four months later jill ` ` you are the most beautiful bride i ' ve ever seen , '' i say as i hand kat a tulip bouquet , all in purple , her favorite color .
ellie skipped to her mother like she had all the time in the world to tiptoe through the tulips , rubbed the towel across her face once mostly smearing milk and not lapping it up then she skipped out .
` ` i was torn between a rose and a tulip .
she 'd never been a rose type of girl , preferring tulips .
` ` so pretty , '' annabelle murmured as she admired a vase containing bright yellow tulips intermingled with curly white willow and white shasta daisies .
his neighbors had been talking about hiring a landscaper for a while now , and the newly planted yellow tulips told him they 'd finally gotten around to it .
was he nuts , or was the woman actually pressing her ear to the dirt and talking to a patch of bright yellow tulips ?
` ` anyway , go over there , '' the brunette said briskly , gesturing to the other end of the neatly planted row of bright tulips .
when he did n't hear a single sound , he shifted over and investigated a new cluster of tulips .
nope , because she was too busy trying to find the cell phone she 'd accidentally buried in tom and sarah smith 's tulip bed yesterday .
stifling a sigh , mia scooted over a few inches and lowered her head to the yellow tulips .
the strongly perfumed w/ axy and tabular white flowers of stephanotis red and pink tulips .
and these are the daisies and these are the tulips .
it was also a large room , slightly smaller than the main , complete with another huge bed , a small chest , a smaller window , two smallish munro 's with their distinctive tulips , and an en - suite .
in my minds eye i could almost see the old woman pruning back weeds and planting new tulips .
the following sunday morning , hill arrived at anna 's home bearing a white box overflowing with dutch tulips .
she had a red tulip embroidered into the stocking at the ankle , something nice girls normally did nt do .
there was even a beautiful vase overflowing with cream and purple tulips .
i let my gaze wonderful from her bright eyes to the white tulips lying at his grave .
lots of tulips in the garden ( you know they re expensive ) , a large front gate , an antique moroccan door , and a lovely living room will greet you as you walk in .
well , my favorite flower is the red tulip .
i think the yellow tulips will look good here .
next to it , the patch of earth where thomasina and gladiolus planted the yellow tulips that long - ago day was choked with weeds and leaf litter .
the twenty - four tulips were milky white , all white .
a terrible war whence we once met spilling blood of the friends we knew in houses torn apart by hate , i loved you then sailed to france to the court of louis , mirrored opulence where i served you flowers placed in tin - glazed pots holland , we shared the scent rich and adored we were with tulips blue most men would die for a bloom so rare , some did but nothing compared to venice where we lived on the streets penniless , aching for some stale bread or soup a crust , i found , i gave to you of all the lifetimes we met and loved , the stars stood still the world spun around and revolved at speed each time we died and never wanted to leave floating in the ether our souls still touch to be incarnate again will allow our arms to meet so , until the next time , think and pray my love william obrien 2014 the heart wish by kristina blasen thanksgiving ( us ) you re here .
one would be for my old man bachelor pad , and the other if i ever marry , would include a large area for the family to play without having to worry about stepping on the tulips or getting a rose bush thorn stuck in their feet . ''
he was standing with a dozen tulips , combed hair , and a nice outfit .
greta pointed to the purple violets and tulips blooming .
daffodils , tulips and magnolia lined driveways , cherry blossoms and early azalea blooms made debuts in front yards .
petya allowed herself to be led into the kitchen , where she flopped down at the table like a cut tulip , sobbing so hard that black salt water started dripping through her fingers into foaming puddles on the antique wood .
` ` please send an officer to 722 wild tulip drive .
beautiful red and yellow tulips grew in the flowerbeds .
a table is waiting with two place settings and a vase of yellow tulips .
a wreath of white and yellow tulips sits on top of the closed lid .
a woman gently touching a tulip petal .
the overwhelming smells of lilacs and roses , jessamine , tulips , springtime , filled my nostrils .
sign up through her website at www.nancywarren.net get in contact with nancy at : www.facebook.com/nancy.warren.9655 twitter.com/nancywarren1 upon a midnight dream london fairy tales , book 1 by rachel van dyken blue tulip publishing smashwords edition copyright 2014 rachel van dyken this is a work of fiction .
i know that my nickname for her is tulip .
the trip to alaska had nt held the seriousness i thought a missing child should , but i remembered tulip being one to drop everything to help someone .
chapter 14 butterfly , i believe we were meant to be tulip , where in the world do you think you ve been ?
that s how you knew to call me tulip , she said .
they stopped and admired the purple tulip that had earlier caught tessa 's attention .
there on the main desk sat an enormous bouquet of orange tulips .
throughout the grounds , tulips and azaleas bloomed each spring , and chrysanthemums blossomed in the fall .
` ` if you knew her , you would have been bringing tulips .
she used to plant a garden every spring with tulips .
there he was , the man in the dove - grey coat , looking curiously at her over a stall of dutch tulips and sprays of yellow freesias .
i noticed a person slumped in a chair , clutching a bouquet of tulips .
placing the tulips on the pillow above her , he kissed her forehead .
the dogwoods and azaleas were starting to look limp and tired , but along the sides of buildings and at the base of trees , tulips and daffodils were beginning to open , their colors even more vivid .
still , when he thought about the baby , he could n't deny that he envisioned her in almost cliched snapshots : wearing an easter dress while surrounded by tulips , or splashing through the sprinklers , or sitting in the high chair , smiling broadly through the chocolate cake smeared on her face .
` ` tulips . ''
it was a florist with a vase filled with the most gorgeous yellow tulips she 'd ever seen .
her family was n't into sending flowers , and only one person here knew she loved yellow tulips .
the tulips caught her eye and she knew she 'd rather spend her last hours here in aspen with blake than go to the movies with joel .
more than relieved , samantha looked at the tulips as she hung up the telephone , joel already relegated to the back of her mind .
as she sat down , she glimpsed the tulips on the side table .
thank you so much for the tulips .
he held a tulip glass of some liquor that he warmed between his hands and the beauty of his flexing biceps sent tingles racing through me , as did the tight lacing of muscles on his abdomen .
i stood and walked to my dresser , needlessly rearranging the pink tulips placed in a vase there .
jeff had been especially sweet , bringing me tulips and chocolate when he got back from work .
he reached for his wallet to pay when he noticed the red - and - white - striped tulips behind the glass doors of the refrigerated display .
` ` ah , those tulips are ... interesting . ''
there might be candy - striped tulips , but it did n't feel as if mother nature was giving so much as a passing thought to spring .
not only had no other customers come in while he 'd been buying his roses and impulsive tulips , but there was no one on the sidewalks , no cars creeping cautiously toward the curb in front of the flower pot .
layla 's voice was giddy with delight as she came in carrying the vase of tulips .
` ` you sent me tulips that look like blooming candy canes on valentine 's day . ''
his tulips sat like a cheerful carnival on the scarred wood of her flea market dresser .
you made me take the tulips up to mine . ''
after the concert on saturday , they 'd purchased white tulips and yellow daffodils from susannah 's garden , the flower shop next to the bookstore .
the outdoor lighting revealed a sweeping , verdant lawn and , closer to the house itself , an arrangement of flower beds filled with tulips of all colors , daffodils and delicate narcissus .
the tulip fields were long past blooming but the countryside was still beautiful .
yellow daisies , her favorite , and big pink tulips and a variety of others .
she expelled her breath and hurried into the tulips and things craft store .
the promise of summer was in the air ; tulips lined the flowerbeds and fifty - foot - tall fir trees stood like sentries , keeping watch over all who entered the park .
he 'd have to finish calculating the employment taxes for the tulips and things craft store tomorrow morning .
the last remaining tulips bloomed in primary colors as vivid as the rainbow .
the street was lined with elm trees already in leaf and there were tulips and daffodils in front of almost every house .
` ` it 's time to plant tulips , '' the woman beside me says , tightening her hold on my arm .
she was a few minutes early , so she decided to stop off at the market and pick up a bottle of wine for after dinner , plus , on an impulse she added a bouquet of tulips to her purchase .
all she would remember was the feeling of weightlessness as she flew into the air like a rag doll , the jarring impact as she fell to the asphalt , and the tulips , brightly colored and lying mere inches from her eyes .
` ` someone made me drop your flowers ... so sorry ... your tulips . ''
i feel myself drooping like a fading tulip .
white tulips and a shitload of lilac - colored irises blanket my bed .
white , red , orange , pink and yellow tulips cloak the kitchen .
a single white tulip sits in a long stemmed vase .
white tulips fill my bowl .
i tip out my bowl of tulips onto the counter to join their flower friends and move to the sofa .
a single stem of lilac iris sits in an identical vase to the one the white tulip was in .
reaching for the white tulip in the vase , he takes hold of it , brings it to me and places it in my hand .
a dozen white tulips in a plastic vase were precariously perched atop one of the book stacks , and when i asked her about them , she just said , ` ` jake and my 's anniversary , '' and i did n't care to continue that line of dialogue , so i went back to scanning titles , and i was just wondering how i could go about learning edgar allan poe 's last words ( for the record : ` ` lord help my poor soul '' ) when i heard alaska say , ` ` pudge is n't even listening to us . ''
i thought immediately of the tulips jake had sent her .
why would she have taken his tulips with her ?
` ` white tulips , '' i said .
` ` jake 's tulips .
what 's the significance of the white tulips ?
i told her as much of the truth as i could , from the firecrackers to the pelham police department and the white tulips .
` ` and then she freaked out , '' i repeated , ` ` and went and got the tulips while we were getting the fireworks .
the day was bright , though cold , and the gardens had begun to bloom with snowdrops , tulips , and daffodils , blowing in the wind .
in windows on either side of the closed door hung large canvases - one was a traditional landscape , the tulips in the skagit valley , done in golds and reds , beneath a shadowy , melancholy black sky ; the other was a still life , a vase full of pink dahlias .
it reminded him of kathy 's garden- come out here , nicky - the tulips are coming up- it hit him like a blow , the memory .
diamond - drops quivered on the tips of the yellow daffodils and tulips that lined the walkway and grew in clumps in the window boxes .
he had lain down to rest on the fallen trunk of a giant tulip tree , preferring the tickle of wood - lice to seeping damp .
he thought , resuming his conversation with god , calm as though he lay still on the trunk of the tulip tree , looking up into the depths of heaven above .
i ducked behind a big tulip poplar , before i was even aware of making a decision .
i - i brought her a pink tulip . ''
the limbs of the giant tulip trees and chestnuts stretched in a canopy overhead that shaded the ground beneath , so that only small things grew beneath - mats of delicate wildflowers , lady 's slippers , trilliums - and the trees ' dead leaves rained down in such profusion that one 's feet sank inches into the springy mat .
he sat on the edge of the blanket with his back against the trunk of a budding tulip tree .
a smal asian woman greeted us , and jared grabbed my hand , leading me to a table bearing a beautiful arrangement of pink and white tulips .
beth handed me an exquisite bouquet of pink and white tulips , winked at me , and then slid out of the double doors to take her walk .
the tulips were perfect .
bouquets of white roses , white tulips , and white calla lilies covered nearly every flat surface , and some even sat on the floor in strategic areas .
the flowers he sent weekly were either calla lilies , stargazer lilies , or tulips - her favorites .
she arranged the tulips and daffodils about the gravesite , then stood next to virginia dancy 's engraved marble marker .
every year , nana and i plant a few thousand tulips , daffodils , and lilies , and they start blooming right after the azaleas and dogwoods .
with a bouquet of tulips and miniature roses clasped loosely in her hands , she seemed to glide down the aisle .
tulips and daffodils , peonies and violets , would explode in colors so bright they almost made katie 's eyesache .
ruby actually sped up as they drove through the sleepy town of mount vernon ; she was afraid her mother would say something intimate , like remember how we used to bicycle through the tulip fields at festival time ?
on one occasion , she came downstairs to find the parlor filled with several bouquets of bright yellow tulips .
` ` tulips .
aia is about this girl named anna ( who narrates the story ) and her one - eyed mom , who is a professional gardener obsessed with tulips , and they have a normal lower - middle- class life in a little central california town until anna gets this rare blood cancer .
so as the story goes on , she gets sicker , the treatments and disease racing to kill her , and her mom falls in love with this dutch tulip trader anna calls the dutch tulip man .
the dutch tulip man has lots of money and very eccentric ideas about how to treat cancer , but anna thinks this guy might be a con man and possibly not even dutch , and then just as the possibly dutch guy and her mom are about to get married and anna is about to start this crazy new treatment regimen involving wheatgrass and low doses of arsenic , the book ends right in the middle of a i know it 's a very literary decision and everything and probably part of the reason i love the book so much , but there is something to recommend a story that ends .
i 'd written , care of his publisher , a dozen letters to peter van houten , each asking for some answers about what happens after the end of the story : whether the dutch tulip man is a con man , whether anna 's mother ends up married to him , what happens to anna 's stupid hamster ( which her mom hates ) , whether anna 's friends graduate from high school - all that stuff .
i imagined that he was working on a sequel set in the netherlands - maybe anna 's mom and the dutch tulip man end up moving there and trying to start a new life .
so , okay , is the tulip guy a crook ?
` ` he moved to amsterdam , which makes me think maybe he is writing a sequel featuring the dutch tulip man , but he has n't published anything .
i understand the book ends because anna dies or becomes too ill to continue writing it , but i would really like to know what happens to anna 's mom - whether she married the dutch tulip man , whether she ever has another child , and whether she stays at 917 w. temple , etc .
also , is the dutch tulip man a fraud or does he really love them ?
he was holding a bouquet of bright orange tulips just beginning to bloom , and wearing an indiana pacers jersey under his fleece , a wardrobe choice that seemed utterly out of character , although it did look quite good on him .
he pushed himself up off the stoop , handed me the tulips , and asked , ` ` wan na go on a picnic ? ''
` ` god , i loved that guy , '' dad said , and immediately they were engrossed in a basketball conversation i could not ( and did not want to ) join , so i took my tulips inside .
so are tulips . ''
i told her that the tulips and the dutch artist and everything were all because augustus was using his wish to take me to amsterdam .
i watched tv in bed and checked my email and then after a while started crafting an email to peter van houten about how i could n't come to amsterdam but i swore upon the life of my mother that i would never share any information about the characters with anyone , that i did n't even want to share it , because i was a terribly selfish person , and could he please just tell me if the dutch tulip man is for real and if anna 's mom marries him and also about sisyphus the hamster .
if i could just stay alive for a week , i 'd know the unwritten secrets of anna 's mom and the dutch tulip guy .
and then he will sit down between us on the couch in his living room and whisper whether anna 's mom married the dutch tulip man . ''
i do n't think the dutch tulip man is a con man , but he 's also not rich like he leads them to believe .
` ` anna 's mom , the dutch tulip man , sisyphus the hamster , i mean , just - what happens to everyone . ''
` ` nothing happens to the dutch tulip man .
she either moved to holland with the dutch tulip man or did n't .
` ` well , i stand by my pre - van houten analysis of the dutch tulip man .
a pink tulip print hung over the headboard .
but they 're pink tulips , like the picture on your wall .
she brought the tulips up just under her nose and inhaled .
he swept her hair back and cradled her head , the subtle scent of tulips mixing with the tangy salt air and the essence of her .
jonah tugged one of the tulips from the bouquet and tucked it behind her ear .
` ` from a tulip works for gabriel foster , '' brown said .
the porch railings were decorated with lilies and tulips , and as she made her way up the steps toward the door , it suddenly swung open .
chapter two leigh schyuler stood outside tulle and tulips designer weddings and smiled at the dream she lived every day .
a tulip twisted in tulle had been etched on the double doors in a stunningly artistic way , and inside was a group of event planning experts who were equally artistic as they designed custom weddings of every budget for their clients .
if she had n't been a part of tulle and tulips , if she had n't invested the sweat equity she had into her part of the business , she would n't have recognized burton 's dedication to his .
in her office across the tulle and tulips space , misty had a glass wall that looked out onto the workspace where the arrangements were put together .
` ` i own tulle and tulips designer weddings .
ethan draped his arm over her shoulder , drawing back until a yellow tulip grazed along her shoulder .
his eyes followed the tulip 's trek down in a glide between her br**sts .
his hand swept around , finding a purple tulip he 'd rescued from somewhere .
he looked at her over the white tulips centered on the cherry coffee table .
he pinned her with his dark eyes , the intensity of his look - of him - reaching past the tulips as tangibly as if he 'd taken that broad hand and caressed her .
on her way past , she dipped her head to sniff the blue floral pitcher full of tulips .
a tiny table flanked by two chairs and sporting a vase of pink peonies and tulips sat near the door .