mandi looked out the window , happy to be back on the familiar turf of new york city .
the ground is carpeted with green turf and scattered with flower petals .
his horse 's hooves thundered over the hard green turf as warrior fought to close the gap , but clayton held him slightly back , biding his time as they turned west , galloping alongside the stream .
she swallowed hard and forced herself to concentrate on the here , the now , and the surf and turf platter on the restaurant 's menu .
i waved to him from across the turf , letting him know i 'd returned and that his brynne duties were finished .
` ` on the contrary , you 're looking at a state - of - the - art , eco - friendly , reinforced turf landing platform . ''
i peer over her shoulder as she races into the forty - five club , back to her home turf at last .
the beaters had come to their turf , and next week they 'd go to the other team 's pitch , but it was n't a league game .
precinct asked to bring them here to get them out of home turf and give them a good long sit before some capo comes to release them . ''
` ` thought it 'd be a bad memory for you , considering how publicly you crashed and burned on your home turf that summer after graduation .
the house that sat before them seemed to be made of stones and dirt with a roof made out of what looked like packed in dirt and bright green turf .
the man vyan had called tristan strode arrogantly across the open stretch of turf toward her , splashing puddles of water .
maddox can lead us to their camp , and we 'll fight them on their turf just like they wanted . ''
even during the great turf wars , when we battled other species . ''
` ` as if turf really matters .
plus , this is her home turf , which means she already has the advantage .
i shrugged away from his touch , nearly falling backward as the heels of my pretty black shoes , so out of place on the thick turf , sunk into the ground .
this time , there are three hundred and on our home turf ! ''
that way we can give summer a proper farewell on its own turf . ''
after all , you have the home turf advantage . ''
cole and i plan on taking my brother and ryder out for some surf and turf on friday - maybe catch a flick after .
in fact , i just sit , right there , on the turf .
he leans toward me and brushes his magical lips over mine , and then sinks into me , pushing me back to lie on the turf .
` ` plus , it 's home turf , so it means more , '' meg agrees .
then i threw myself through the window , landing on soft turf .
he led the way , hearing melanie 's feet hit the turf as she walked beside him and partly behind him something else she 'd always done and something he never understood , why she 'd never walk right beside him .
however , i did n't manage this journey without the heels of my manolos sinking into the turf , which i found irritating .
i walked through the sodden grass of the cemetery trying not to let the spike heels of my black boots sink into the turf , and failing .
yeah , pull up , and to the side , and one time down so the arrow embedded in the turf five feet in front of the target .
* * * * * four days later ... we moved through the forest slowly , the snow gone with the thaw , wet , green turf in its place , the trees blossoming all around and we stopped at the small , ice marble pyre behind which were two seated dragons , their spiked tails swaying lazily , their wings tucked in , their long , slender , forked tongues drifting .
at its end , a miniature elf sprung from the turf , she touched the branch and instantly grew to my height .
she was lying on the soft turf on her side but up on an elbow , head in her hand , legs curled around , the toes of blue satin slippers peeking out from beneath her lavender skirts .
and he continued to watch , body now frozen , as she raced down the lane , nearly missing the hairpin turn at the bottom , two tires in the turf at the side of the lane .
he dodged trees as he ran , watching as she jumped the curb and drove through the turf , brake lights glowing but not slowing , straight toward the high , thick , stone wall that surrounded penmort estate .
cash let abby go , leaned over the edge and yelled , ` ` kieran , i do n't care if you have to stake her to the turf , do not let her come up here . ''
he made it to one of the flagstones surrounded by cushions of turf that created a winding path from the drive to the front door and stopped , sat and swung his tail in a wide sweep .
correcting herself swiftly , she burst up from her reclining position and grasped him at his waist , pulling him down to the turf to tickle him .
sure , they 'd gotten over the water , she thought , but on his home turf with only devlin and chester as the audience .
lumped in with them were their flashy wives or boy toys and the miscellaneous social hangers - on who thought that by walking on borealis turf , they would somehow get their foot in the door to exalted status .
it was the sheer familiarity of the turf .
that 's their home turf . ''
how did he move on the thick turf ?
gabe said to buzz and brought up the rear because it was slow going pushing a wheelchair over turf .
they 'll cross into mungo 's turf first .
bullets tore the turf on both sides of her .
` ` i think i 'll get the surf ' n ' turf . ''
but when we were still several yards away from them , max 's mom jumped up and ran across the plastic turf to hug me .
i ordered our drinks , and carly ordered us both the surf and turf consisting of filet mignon and lobster tail .
never take a girl back to your home turf .
i could n't let him drain this girl right in front of me , right in the middle of adept turf .
the full crowd around us cheered and yelled , and i focused back on the field , my eyes going right to number twenty - four as he threw the ball and sent it spiraling down the turf .
like the turf was in his blood .
because god help them all if fiery shay caught him planting that flying nanosensor bug on her home turf without her knowledge .
hooves chewed at the earth , deftly dodging the roots of a cypress tree , spewing turf into the creek .
quade 's turf , they had to play quade 's way .
he would just enjoy this afternoon on his turf with darcy .
on her own turf , she felt steadier already .
they 'd been hungry eyes and they 'd raked over dixon as if he were a surf and turf carried to a death - row inmate the night before her execution .
` ` this is their home turf .
whitney would have to be insane - or desperate - to go after jack norton - especially on his home turf . ''
they are n't going to get us on our home turf , hon . ''
and i ' ve decided that all andie needs is an opportunity to meet with these girls on her home turf and they 'll all see what a great person she is and want to be her friend . ''
i was on the wrong turf too .
` ` unregulated turf . ''
the soldiers delivered me to anderson ; he was waiting in one of the houses on unregulated turf .
crawling on hands and knees , i made my way over the short turf and pebbles to the crumbling edge of the cliff , where i could look over to the half - moon beach below .
we walked back across the thick , short turf and strewn rocks without speaking , silent with shock and grief .
the broad green bank of the wall loomed up in front of roger and he leapt for it , jamming the toes of his boots into the turf and scrabbling with fingers , knees , elbows - and likely his teeth , too .
jutting out into the patchy turf of the back yard is a cracked cement patio with four plastic chairs on it and a bong sitting on what appears to be a rusted grill lid .
but she was n't going to stop , especially not when she had brady on her turf .
i ' m seconds from letting myself hit the turf when i see it happen in slow motion .
they came onto leith 's turf .
it would be good to fight him on our home turf , as it were .
the trees whizzing past amplified the feeling of speed and power and the sound of hooves tearing up the turf completed the wondrous sensation syndrome .
all of them want more turf and more souls .
chapter seven surf ' n turf to go trixi sat alone in her quarters .
the jungle had thinned out by the time the two groups had met , after about another kilometre they walked across the lush turf of the clearing towards three old green carbon buildings .
the same eyes now switched to the health group , a warrior moved impassively across the turf to stand at the side of the rifleman .
out of the trees twelve arrows flashed and pierced the thigh muscles of the leading guards , spinning and flinging them into contorted screaming heaps on the lush green turf .
it seemed anything could have disturbed the turf and pushed their mother out .
he still ran plays in his mind , felt the turf hit his shoes .
it simply came with the turf .
as i approached , it looked like a small utility shed , and next to it sat a concrete well sticking up out of the turf .
this is our home turf , carlos says .
eventually , he threw himself down on the turf , his eyes lifting every so often to the forest and beyond that to the north .
~~~ daxel awoke to the soft springy feel of cushioning turf .
chlorien did n't look up until she heard hooves pound the turf .
bethel had already guessed that the most treacherous piece of turf had been chosen .
the morning dew still sat atop the well - manicured turf like a thousand small prisms .
i stumbled down the front steps and dug my bare feet into the soft , cool turf .
the horned god pinned him savagely to the turf and the pict feebly battered at the great , muscular body as his foe struggled to throttle him .
culturing areas also produced slabs of fish , beef and chicken surf and turf in a test tube .
i sometimes do , but not here on my home turf .
the track itself was hard sponge while the oval was cheap fake turf .
` ` good day base administrator , welcome to the metix turf , '' rumbled a voice from one of these openings .
all black swan has to do is anonymously drop a little nuke into somebodys turf to ignite a nuclear holocaust .
so methinks dey just be squattin in dese fancy digs and killin each other for turf just out of habit .
to get to jurkkens place , you first need to go through turf run by orracowans .
the side of the starship that had brought the enorians to this planet seynorynael had been grown over by grassy turf , fallen soil , and trees that hid the ruin from the air to all but those who approached it on foot .
high in the rugged mountain , glints of sparkling metal had suddenly shone through exposed patches in the hillside ; grown over by grassy turf , the metal object beneath stretched almost half of a mile .
you even kept me from slamming into the turf .
when my legs started cramping and a wave of dizziness hit me , i suddenly found myself on the turf , wondering how the hell i got down there .
it was a tradition to tease the first guy out on the turf , but it was also a symbol of respect .
when she lifted her knee for leverage , her bare foot emerged from the tall turf .
i was a single child and both parents ended up under the turf while i was still a teenager .
probably plenty of young human skeletons still beneath the turf .
and so thetra drew his sword and laid the flat side of the blade upon mordons head , who was kneeling on the soft turf .
there were thatches of spiny turf which may have been a type of grass except it was in the strangest color he had ever seen : lavender .
i had never had some much surf and turf in my life !
it settled down in the field across the path , anti - grav pads sending clumps of soil and turf in all directions until they cut off and feet extended out from the sides like a spider .
another managed to throw one into the roof space where brand was and i saw it thrown back , exploding in a shower of turf and bone .
walking across the soft turf made kion want to take off his shoes .
following that an empty lonely band of scarred turf , then were the first battle lines , where terranchi and esstons were now ensconced on daingn in a static seeming , unyielding battle .
he bolted across the turf in the direction of the closest barracks .
he scratched at the turf with his boot .
carpeted by a spongy green , short turf and framed by sinister hedgerows extending from the sides of the dead end wall , the trail presented the only means of exit .
before steffor could flinch , the web of branches nearest him shot out with ferocious speed and knocked him facedown against the turf .
only the smell of the smoky turf fire alerted me to it .
it was a meagre hut made from hard packed turf and dry boughs for a roof .
from within , a chair scratched on hard turf and a slow shuffling step approached .
the four thousand goblins each lent forward , picked up a dozen or so arrows and planted them , head down , in the turf in front of them , ready for rapid fire .
the closer she could get to waking up on her home turf in california , the sooner she could put jeff jacobs and his fantastical tales of time travel behind her .
the turf of greenery he was lying on felt like a mattress to his aching body , lulling him back to sleep .
as they walked past that building , avoiding the open end , the hard sand turned to a rough turf with clumps of cord grass .
but bear in mind that she chose to meet us onher turf .
i thought about turf wars , and that you were trying to win one . ''
we were doing better than sixty by the time she cleared the smooth turf surrounding the manor and zipped through an open gate onto a long , narrow gravel lane lined with high hedges .
i do n't think we would survive a direct assault on the red king and his retinue on their home turf . ''
we 'd stand no chance of defeating a demon master on his home turf . ''
the green of his shirt merged with the hedges and the rolling turf of the back courts , where the ladies had not yet begun to play at points .
mouse must have darted off to the side at the beginning of the confrontation , because he appeared out of the shadows and came bounding through nearly three feet of snow as if he 'd been running on racetrack turf .
killing over meaningless turf in backwater mining villages ? ''
the chopper does n't land ; it hovers a few inches above the frozen turf while the squad hops out .
she remembered putting the plate carefully down on the gravelly ground and then starting to step on it and stopping , remembered taking off her plain cotton panties and putting them into the pocket where the plate had been , and then carefully slipping the first finger of her left hand carefully against the cut in her at the place where old stupid god had joined her and all other girls and women imperfectly , but something about that place must be right , because she remembered the jolt , remembered wanting to press , remembered not pressing , remembered how delicious her vagina had been naked , without the cotton panties in the way of it and the world , and she had not pressed , not until her shoe pressed , her black patent leather shoe , not until her shoe pressed down on the plate , then she pressed on the cut with her finger the way she was pressing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate with her foot , she remembered the way the black patent leather shoe covered the delicate blue webbing on the edge of the plate , she remembered the press , yes , she remembered pressing in the drawers , pressing with finger and foot , remembered the delicious promise of finger and cut , remembered that when the plate snapped with a bitter brittle snap a similar brittle pleasure had skewered upward from that cut into her guts like an arrow , she remembered the cry which had broken from her lips , an unpleasant cawing like the sound of a crow scared up from a cornpatch , she could remember staring dully at the fragments of the plate and then taking the plain white cotton panties slowly out of her dress pocket and putting them on again , step - ins , so she had heard them called in some time unhoused in memory and drifting loose like turves on a flood - tide , step - ins , good , because first you stepped out to do your business and then you stepped back in , first one shiny patent leather shoe and then the other , good , panties were good , she could remember drawing them up her legs so clearly , drawing them past her knees , a scab on the left one almost ready to fall off and leave clean pink new babyskin , yes , she could remember so clearly it might not have been a week ago or yesterday but only one single moment ago , she could remember how the waistband had reached the hem of her party dress , the clear contrast of white cotton against brown skin , like cream , yes , like that , cream from a pitcher caught suspended over coffee , the texture , the panties disappearing under the hem of the dress , except then the dress was burnt orange and the panties were not going up but down but they were still white but not cotton , they were nylon , cheap see - through nylon panties , cheap in more ways than one , and she remembered stepping out of them , she remembered how they glimmered on the floormat of the ' 46 dodge desoto , yes , how white they were , how cheap they were , not anything dignified like underwear but cheap panties , the girl was cheap and it was good to be cheap , good to be on sale , to be on the block not even like a whore but like a good breedsow ; she remembered no round china plate but the round white face of a boy , some surprised drunk fraternity boy , he was no china plate but his face was as round as the blue woman 's china plate had been , and there was webbing on his cheeks , and this webbing looked as blue as the webbing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate had been , but that was only because the neon was red , the neon was garish , in the dark the neon from the roadhouse sign made the spreading blood from the places on his cheeks where she had clawed him look blue , and he had said why did youwhy did you why did you do , and then he unrolled the window so he could get his face outside to puke and she remembered hearing dodie stevens on the jukebox , singing about tan shoes with pink shoelaces and a big panama with a purple hatband , she remembered the sound of his puking was like gravel in a cement mixer , and his penis , which moments before had been a livid exclamation point rising from the tufted tangle of his pubic hair , was collapsing into a weak white question mark ; she remembered the hoarse gravel sounds of his vomiting stopped and then started again and she thought well i guess he ai n't made enough to lay this foundation yet and laughing and pressing her finger ( which now came equipped with a long shaped nail ) against her vagina which was bare but no longer bare because it was overgrown with its own coarse briared tangle , and there had been the same brittle breaking snap inside her , and it was still as much pain as it was pleasure ( but better , far better , than nothing at all ) , and then he was grabbing blindly for her and saying in a hurt breaking tone oh you goddamned nigger cunt and she went on laughing just the same , dodging him easily and snatching up her panties and opening the door on her side of the car , feeling the last blind thud of his fingers on the back of her blouse as she ran into a may night that was redolent of early honeysuckle , red - pink neon light stuttering off the gravel of some postwar parking lot , stuffing her panties , her cheap slick nylon panties not into the pocket of her dress but into a purse jumbled with a teenager 's cheerful conglomeration of cosmetics , she was running , the light was stuttering , and then she was twenty - three and it was not panties but a rayon scarf , and she was casually slipping it into her purse as she walked along a counter in the nice notions section of macy'sda scarf which sold at that time for $ 1.99 .
yet there were a few places in victorian society where members of all classes mingled freely , and chief among these were sporting events -- - the prize ring , the turf and , of course , the baiting sports .
bullets dug through the turf around him in a senseless pattern .
cuthbert stuck out his leg , bare heel planted in the turf , and bowed with his arms outstretched and his hands strenuously bent at the wrist - an inspired imitation of the sort of man for whom court has become career .
` ` we ' ve camped out on that long slope , lots of horses as you go down the turf , i ' m sure you know where i mean - ` ` ` ` the drop , aye . ''
but not even the most conscientious surveyor surveys at midnight , and yet here the thing was , tripod legs deep in the turf .
he ran through babyland , where multicolored windmills and sodden blue and pink teddy bears joined the artificial flowers on the florida turf .
where there had been only fresh earth filling his father 's grave , now there was turf , and at the head of the grave was a metal plaque with a metal vase built into it , and in the vase a single yellow silk rose .
mr . nancy thought about pushing one hand up through the turf and grabbing callyanne higgler 's ankle .
it was practically guild home turf .
they rode through a sparse forest of alder and oak , over ferny bracken in a landscape of snow - covered turf and icy trickles of streams .
loose scree and crumbling turf made for a treacherous descent , but wallace proved true to his word .
to the far left , a rosy glow shone from a patch of black turf outlined by green sphagnum moss .
it sat imbedded in turf and snow .
the front hooves struck solid turf , reaching the far bank , but the mare 's hind end crashed into the smoldering edge of the river of fire .
the boy stood in the middle of a crude ring of stone blocks half - buried in the turf .
it 's their home turf .
she sprinted as gunfire tore the frozen turf around her , blindly firing back toward the woods .
the roci 's pawing at the turf .
instead , they passed by the insectile machines , now as still as statues , and over the complex turf .
not on my home turf .
some men playing a complex game on the turf , their expressions angry and joyless .
with a final nudge of hope and peace , the presence of the fairy queen withdrew , and kendra found herself alone , kneeling on soggy turf .
they all sat on the floor , which was quite comfortable , thanks to the springy turf underneath .
together the centaurs raced across the grass toward the gap in the hedge , blurred hooves flinging up tufts of turf , galloping with such fluid speed that kendra found herself breathless .
they knocked satyrs to the turf with perfectly timed shoves and nudges , or else by tripping them .
jagged stones erupted through the turf at hugo 's feet .
he began hammering his mighty fists against the soggy turf and throwing fragments of bone into the mist .
quite naturally , the core of the tournament was the exquisitely formal jousting matches - colorful events where knights in shining armor and wearing red or gold or deep blue surcoats charged each other across the bright green turf attempting to unhorse each other with twenty - foot lances .
the god of kill squatted on the frozen turf , scratching at his shaggy face with one huge paw .
sparhawk dropped to one knee on the frozen turf .
after a ritual exchange of greetings and a somewhat extended ceremony during which kring and his eastern cousin sat cross - legged on the turf ' taking salt together and talking of affairs ' while two armies warily faced each other across three hundred yards of open grass .
a number of black - robed figures lay smoking on the turf .
not even mimbrates would charge across a field where lightning was blowing big holes in the turf .
he dismounted and crossed the bright green turf to the end of the stand where belgarath sat .
confused and frustrated by this deadly tactic , the dragon helplessly swung her head back and forth , her furnacelike breath singeing bushes and turf more often than it did her attackers .
his toe - nails dug into the turf , and he exulted in a wild sense of freedom .
sand was different underfoot than grass or turf .
the chestnut and the gray matched stride for stride , plunging along with their heads thrust far forward and their hooves pounding on the thick turf .
he spun , his claws digging into the damp turf , and ran toward the farmstead as fast as he could .
garion started to swear , walking around the shadowy atrium and kicking at the short - cropped turf .
he thumped it experimentally on the turf .
the broad valley lying below them was laced with deep gullies where turbulent creeks had cut down through the turf and exposed the rounded boulders and beds of gravel lying beneath the thin topsoil and its tenacious cover of grass .
it was good again to run tirelessly with the wind ruffling his fur and his toenails digging into the damp turf as he and his grandfather wolf ranged out across the moon - silvered grass in the ancient rite of the hunt .
he put his hand on the chestnut 's neck and gently led him over to where a white boulder stuck up out of the turf .
errand slid down off the horse 's back and walked across the soft , springy turf toward the immense trunk .
enthusiastically , the brainless , steel - clad young nobles crashed into each other , littering the turf with splinters from the shattered remains of their lances .
a great , smoking hole appeared in the turf where the bolt had struck .
with garion close on his heels , he ran across the intervening turf .
garion tried to imitate what she had just done and drove himself beak - first into the turf .
his big left fist swung in a broad arc and smashed solidly into the side of the cherek 's head , sending him spinning to the turf .
the feathered shaft rose high in the air and then dropped to sink into the snow - covered turf about fifty paces from the beginning of the slope .
sparhawk resolutely drew his sword , stabbed its point into the turf and wrapped both hands firmly about its hilt .
sparhawk also drove the butt of his lance into the turf , and he also removed his helmet as he nudged faran forward .
kring sat crosslegged on the turf , cradling the head of one of his dying men .
earth and sky and faran 's broad back were all one to aphrael as she danced , and she whirled as easily on insubstantial air as upon the now - verdant turf or that surging roan back .
he dropped into a prone position on the fog - wet turf and cast the searching spell again .
the domi said conversationally , sitting cross - legged on the lush turf .
somewhere ahead , a single horse was loping across the turf at a canter .
' if you 're sure , ' sparhawk said a bit dubiously as he looked across the turf at faran , who seemed somehow to have lost his normally vicious temperament .
kalten 's face grew bleak with disappointment as sparhawk rode back across the littered turf towards him and bevier .
garion sank gratefully to the springy turf beside silk .
quite deliberately , he walked across the springy turf to the blood - stained altar ; he stared at it , his eyes meticulously recording details without considering their implication .
the hawk spiraled down to the clearing , flared his wings to avoid the altar , and landed on the turf .
more of the hailstones thudded into the springy turf , and one particularly large one shattered into a thousand fragments as it crashed down on a large rock with stunning force .
lelldorin 's hand flickered to the forest of arrows thrust point - first into the turf at his feet .
taur urgas fell , clawing at the turf in impotent rage .
often he would even go so far as to dismount and put his ear to the turf , to see if he might pick up the muffled tread of unseen horses approaching .
there were mice and burrowing squirrels ; in scrubby brown thickets , rabbits , petrified with fright , watched him as he loped by with his toenails digging into the springy turf .
under colonel brendig 's direction , a squad of sendarian soldiers were quickly erecting a large , bright - colored pavilion on the green turf not far away .
reluctantly garion lowered lelldorin 's head to the wet turf and ran over to where wolf stood .
the ground was uneven , and the fallen needles disguised the softness of the turf and made the footing treacherous for the horses , so they had to go slowly .
the crofters had left behind a good supply of peat when they fled , so the air was hazy with smoke and the rich , earthy smell of burning turf .
the boat was stilled for the night against an outcrop of loamy turf .
galilee called up the most powerful winds beth had yet seen him master , directing their power to scoop up turf , earth and rocks .
following little paths weaving across a manicured turf they passed dwarves working on mobiles , or simply eating lunch .
before it stood several colossal rock homes built with double walls of stone , packed with earth , and sturdy wooden rafters covered with turf and thatch .
garn clapped one hand over his mouth and dropped to both knees in the turf , trying with all of his might to keep from bursting out into laughter .
hal yanked his axe from the turf and wiped the blade clean on the beast 's fur .
gently , hal sat her down on the leaf strewn turf and leaned her up against a barren highoak tree .
unfortunately , she overextended herself and tumbled out of her saddle , landing roughly on the turf .
the rider was snapped abruptly out of his saddle , spinning uncontrollably before slamming headfirst to the solid turf and not moving again .
blood spurted out onto the turf and the man 's face seemed to crumble under the furious onslaught that appeared to intend to continue long after the body had cooled and stiffened up .
the man 's ribcage had been smashed in so badly that white bone protruded through the flesh and blood soaked down into the turf .
the man was knocked clean off of his horse and landed flat to the turf on his back , the wind knocked completely out of him .
the force of the blow pitched ambori forward , knocking him clean off of his feet and sending him sprawling face first to the turf .
thunder an turf , i exploded as i snapped the reins of my horse , allowing brutus to gallop .
he wriggles and fights the whole way , kicking out tufts of dirt as his shirt rides up his waist and his eyes bug out over his mouth full of turf .
the great , giant wheels tear up turf and rumble over the extra hurdles the track team never yanked back into the gym after practice and come about as close to the goal stands as you can without actually plowing right thought them .
i let out a little eek and cover my head , grass and turf landing and sticking everywhere ; on my sweaty arms , my sweaty calves , the back of my sweaty neck and all up in my ponytail .
she sailed short of her brothers confident grip and plummeted toward the hard turf far below .
but today margies cry of man - you - el went on and on and manuel wished he could crawl under the turf and hide .
the turf was already wet , and with the extra rain it would be next to impossible to cut or to pass well .
sixty yards or a little more , was covered by tony as his little legs peddled over the turf .
the little back bounced when he hit the turf but was up quickly .
when billy was in place , and bilson was hovering above ignition , barret heard scuffling from behind the opposite pillar , like a sound of turf being kicked at .
she stood in a semicircle of turf surrounded by blooming cherry trees .
bu he could nt finish his words , for grimdin had already crept forward toward the turf with an axe in his hand .
grimdin and roargorth crept forward to it , and at the end of the many slim trees to their left , a patch of turf appeared , not much different than alberts , except that a narrow stream of water sagged out from somewhere behind the tower to their right , and passed through the soil , reaching to the opposite end .
he turned from the waterfall to the corner of the turf , and on a pillow made from a big white rock , he saw a terrible - looking , ugly creature , lying on its back over a bed of bones .
hold on , my friend , he muttered to himself and raced back from where they had entered the turf , eyes on the mouse and hands clasping the axe .
alberts patch of turf came closer .
then there were the owners stiff and rich , there were the jockeys , the stable lads , the waiters serving meals in the restaurants , the bacon flippers in the burger vans , the race officials in their bowler hats checking out the surface of the turf , all of them scurrying around in different directions doing their separate things at the same time for one reason to get a race on .
their first encounter was bad enough and it happened in grisby , on joshuas home turf .
tore out of the turf , straining diagonally , until with a pop it ejected completely .
patting her flat , unsatisfying face , she and the gentle mystic and the flouse stepped onto the new patch of unstable turf and surfed perilously down into the vale .
first he cleared away the grass turf and exposed the plain earth underneath .
sunny patted the earth down as best he could and replaced the turf .
sunny was not happy with this state of affairs and stamped on the turf as hard as he could to flatten it .
maybe i can cut the turf and you can burrow or something ? ''
the knife cut the damp turf easily and it was not long until they had created a circle of bare earth around the old stump .
` ` i need to replace the soil and the turf first then we 'll go . ''
sunny quickly replaced all his digging spoil and replaced the cut turf .
i wondered if it was possible to end the hate over colors and turf , so i wrote bandana legacy .
the figure of the ilyn went flying through the air to crash into the turf several yards away .
his foot stopped the ball , the winger attempted to force it past jerry but was off balance and , instead , flew past the ball and jerry 's extended leg , hitting the turf on his chest .
as soon as my feet hit the turf , the other players come alive .
from out of nowhere , a mound of earth appeared , humped up under the turf in the end zone that lay directly in my path .
the mound of turf and dirt began to swiftly rise and was heading straight for me .
a horrifying scream roared out as i witnessed the onyx flying up from underneath the earth in a cloud of dirt , turf , and dust .
he saw the blur of turf beneath his feet .
the way each side had battled to defend turf , overtime looked like a reality for the exhausted players and the chilled crowd .
who owns the turf today ?
the smells of the players anxious , sour sweat ; deodorant ; harsh , adrenaline - fueled breath ; hints of tobacco assaulted his nose , and underneath it all lay the heavy smell of the turf , part sweet verdure , part noxious chemical .
an image of a stadium full of cheering fans flashed through his half - delirious mind ; he and the salamander struggled midfield , the turf burned away in a bullseye of ash and parched earth .
he heard a cry below , and there was the goatherd , climbing towards him up the wind - blasted turf .
this time the goatherd was the stronger , as well as strangely agile , and pinning calibur to the springy turf , he made him swear to never stop seeking life and magic and the goddess .
soon they found themselves sailing under a stormy sky off lands end , and they beached in the cove where calibur used to walk , and said farewell to the ferryman , and went up onto the green springy turf of the headland , heading eastward to their old home .
he landed on the soft turf in an undignified heap , missing a concrete skirt by inches .
jasons arm did n't shoot out of the turf , but if it could , what would it do ?
the chameleons slight tremor on being assaulted by the cacophony of sound was enough to send the bullet flying over victoria hokobus head before burying itself harmlessly in the soft turf beyond .
five graves had been prepared , all in a line , all with new headstones and freshly laid turf , the edges of the grass squares visible in places .
bayport aerodrome , where i keep baby huey on long island , is 2,740 feet long , mostly turf , and has several 30 - foot trees about 400 - 500 feet from the most - used end , runway 18 .
one foot in front of the other in the gloom , they crossed the brown turf .
taking a deep breath she gripped the grate and gave it a yank dislodging the metal from the turf .
chapter 26 ivan saw the cop car flashing its blue and red lights , bouncing along the uneven turf in a cloud of grey dust .
he followed the trail of ripped grass and turf .
even he could hear shouting over the siren , and at least one pair of booted feet slamming into the turf .
it would have been a nice treat and a change to spend money on a mixed grill or a surf and turf , but we paid our money every month into misty falls and the money we paid included lodgings and food .
its not about turf .
their greatest safety was back on their home turf .
he lost his grip on the rock and it landed on the grass , denting the turf .
i meet all customers on my home turf .
with a desperate , panicky lunge he managed to grab a fistful of turf and hang on .
he d noticed mr . burberry and stopped him as he stumped by because the man had the sure - footed , habituated absentmindedness of someone crossing his customary turf .
this involves laying down a hard floor over the artificial turf , removal of the goal posts and installation of utilities to the area where the exhibits will be placed .
by the time her wailing roused the others , she was out on the frosty grass of the assembly circle , just under the camp cross , her hands wrenching up fistfuls of turf and mumbling them into her own face as if the dirt belonged there .
this is my home turf and it could easily be wired for sound .
it had happened too much the last winter , but she still loved being in the center of the city and in this little nook between the turf pub and hertford college .
the turf had low , dark beams the height of stooped old men and the walls leached the smell of stale tobacco .
... 2 ... morgan held the pistol out in front of her with both hands , her eyes on the door as the thumping music from the turf next door seemed to resonate with her pulse .
she left the building , music still pumping from the turf , that would have drowned out the noise of the altercation .
a gloved hand holding his ball already on the tee reached down to plant it in the turf .
we 're playing on his turf .
well seeing as the docks are on the kike 's turf , i think it 's natural .
not on his home turf though .
thus incarcerated among the minacious rows of electric typewriters , i did what i had to do on the turf of the schoolroom 's only flowerpot .
they have more pride than money , but prides all they needed to turn a not - so - good part of the city into a pleasant turf to raise a family .
one : i ought nt hunt off my designated turf and risk a reprimand for trespassing .
at some point before i was born , the women had sectioned off little areas of turf , both inside the house and out , and laid claim to them .
he kicked off his loafers - no socks - and walked through the soggy turf to inspect a broken birdbath near a scrawny crepe myrtle , the only tree of any significance .
` ` which is lapd turf .
resentful and unwilling at first , then hypnotized by the patterns made by the white ball on the green turf .
` ` off of his home turf , '' reacher said .
occasionally , he stopped and pressed hard with a loafer to check the turf .
the turf was thin and patchy , with hard sections of gray dirt .
in an attempt to establish turf , intimidate , bully , and simply start the game with the right tone , he delivered a vicious clothesline to fabrizio as he ran benignly across the field , far away from the action .
reacher said , ` ` you wanted to be on your home turf .
` ` he wants a showdown with lane on his own turf . ''
bond turned away and went back to kissy and sat with her on the sparse turf .
to their left the carpet of green turf , bright with small wildflowers , sloped gradually down to the long pebble beaches of walmer and deal , which curved off towards sandwich and the bay .
bond strolled out across the five hundred yards of shaven seaside turf that led to the first tee .
a foot of turf flew up .
then he took up his stance and visualized the tennis court of turf that was his target .
he stopped at the thirtieth floor , the firm 's main lobby , and paused for a second to admire the massive bronze lettering that informed all visitors that they were now on the hallowed turf of scully and pershing .
the company executive was in paris now , and turf was turf .
chenkov solidifies russia 's old turf , and casts a longing eye westward .
it was rosen 's turf , and this disturbed adam more than a little .
maynard tole was next , and during the planning of his execution another section of turf on the other side of the main drive was designated for the death penalty proponents .
a breeze caressed the trees and trembled shadows cast out on the undulating turf .
fifteen years since neely had played on the sacred turf .
they 're yanking each other off the turf , slapping each other on the helmets .
he raced down a lane signposted chemin du quinconce , over an area of sodden turf to another cobbled walkway , the avenue aguado .
and since no cabs would travel out to cactus 's ` ` turf , '' an unemployed neighbor wearing several heavy gold chains around his neck and wrists drove cactus 's client into the heart of washington in his new cadillac allantand # 65533 ; .
the large expanse of close - cropped manicured lawn , the precisely cut shrubbery , the swept circular drive -- neatness was the order of the general 's turf .
and each knows that while he 's joining the other to kill a wolf , he 's got to entrench himself further in the turf at the same time .
he crashed his foot once again onto the brake pedal ; the car jolted to a stop on the soft turf .
this is their turf .
never , i repeat , never meet two times in a row on the adversary 's turf .
and so he may have , wittingly or unwittingly , sabotaged some pet operation , cocked up some plan , threatened some bureaucratic turf , enraged some powerful player ... ` ` fielding waved a hand , gesturing vaguely at possibilities too hazy to pin down .
the tiny explosions of bark or turf or water were too fleeting and inconspicuous to be noticed by anybody who was not primed for such evidence .
an explosion of turf , a yard from his left foot .
it was a sudden plateau - encompassing perhaps a thousand acres of rolled kentucky bluegrass , as emerald as golf - course turf .
it was a rookie 's mistake ; he 'd been around much too long to step into the trap , especially one set on such familiar turf .
and it was very much a part of clay carter 's turf .
according to unofficial police records , the lot had produced more bullet - laden corpses than any other piece of turf in d.c . clay drove slowly down w street , doors locked , hands clutching the wheel , eyes cutting in all directions , ears awaiting the inevitable sound of gunfire .
some even one - upped by claiming that they could get more on their home turf .
new mexico is my home turf and i doubt half that many ever showed up for any speech i ever made . ''
the polo match at the green meadow hunt club was in full fury , ponies and riders drenched in sweat as hooves pounded and mallets swung viciously at the elusive white ball that kept veering dangerously out of reach beneath the stampeding horses and across the flying turf .
the coast was not sandy 's turf .
as i ' ve already learned , these cross - agency turf fights can be confusing .
he stepped onto the wrong turf with the wrong deal , and was decapitated .
the field is nice and level , the outfield turf is thick and freshly mowed .
he knew the turf well .
mud splattered up at her from wet turf obliterated by hooves .
in front of her , firm turf spun away in ragged digs and divots .
i could feel my heels sinking into the soft turf and wondered if i 'd have to step out of my shoes and pull them up by hand .
quite a few divots had been ripped out of the turf by darius 's impromptu log toss .
what they saw were marauding assassins come howling from the gates with bared teeth and flashing swords , their boots drumming on the turf .
bringing prosperity and power to the victors , the accession was n't an armageddon type of war - it was n't as if the strongest factions of the lore met on neutral turf after an invitation to ` ` rumble . ''
` ` topsiders coming down into their turf . ''
it hit the ground next to them , splattering turf and small pebbles .
he was darkness against the dim shadows of the approaching dawn , his big black combat boots chewing up the turf as his long , muscular legs carried him nearer .
however , so was taking on a pack of lycans on their own turf .
i 'd rather talk to him there than on his own turf . ''
his home turf .
she longed to put him to the ground , to slide - tackle him till he ate turf .
the facility had a good mile and an eighth of dirt , and also both a turf and a short course .
` ` well , we were technically on cullen turf .
rain pounded in strengthening intervals , turning this abandoned grassy airstrip in bayou country into a mire of muck and turf .
he knocked carl face - first into the turf , planted his knee into his back .
but here where the turf was all theirs , their dominance as masters was undeniable , the charged , barely leashed energy of their sexual cravings feeding the undercurrent of violence that was in- separable from a vampire 's nature .
jacob took the roll backward across the soft turf and came to a half- crouch defensive position , the javelin tucked under his arm and firmly in his grip .
evernight was far from any highway , and kate and eduardo were n't foolhardy enough to drag us onto mrs . bethany 's turf again .
trying to get anywhere near benson on his home turf would be suicide , but i did n't trust that i could take him out with a sniper rifle either .
nataraja looked at me , slightly amused by my presence on his home turf .
he did n't think i could meet him on his home turf and play by his rules .
instead , a mass of people watched it burn where they stood on the grassy turf .
no yellow grass in sight , instead the entire square was covered in neatly clipped green turf , which i knew was n't real grass , but the demons were obviously trying hard to mimic what we had at home .
this ai n't shanky turf . ''
i look across the evening sky and there 's the dome of saint paul 's , but i know he ai n't off in that direction cause that 's bellycut george and his gang 's turf and we never , never go there at night , so i heads across ludgate to check out benbow 's , but nothin ' .
they called his turf the devil 's acre .
sorry to surprise you on your home turf like this .
the white fence posts flickered by in the corner of my eye as he roared along , hooves pounding and throwing up great clots of turf and the foam from his mouth and the snot from his nose blowing in my face but i did n't care for was n't i having the ride of my very life !
throwing my legs over the top of the barrier , i turned around and started to lower myself to the turf below .
it 's just different , seeing him here rather than on home turf .
` ` i love me some surf n ' turf ! ''
first i take minerva out onto the track , warm her up , then turn the other direction and race around the turf to avoid a traffic jam with other riders warming up .
` ` i hope you added the surf ' n ' turf option like i suggested . ''
the nets were long gone , and someone had decorated the turf with graffiti .
we 'd just beaten our rival team on their turf , and i was stoked .
` ` mujer , this is n't latino blood turf .
the training facility is n't much , just a warehouse with green turf carpeting and an air conditioner welded to the ceiling .
well worth the trouble of sneakin ' through the shankys ' turf to get in . ''
i was captivated by all the flowers in the beds , the lush green turf , and the fragrance in the air .
paul glanced quickly through the arch , where green turf ran beside the road and down to the thames .
he 'll be in artificial turf all over . ''
that was gordon gelderman , in an artificial turf overall .
the negotiations then proceeded to logistics - location ( neutral turf ) , cuisine ( vegetarian ) , time of the meeting ( seven thirty ) , and so forth .
then , to mark the occasion , tariq recites one of whitman 's poems : we two boys together clinging , one the other never leaving , up and down the roads going , north and south excursions making , power enjoying , elbows stretching , fingers clutching , arm 'd and fearless , eating , drinking , sleeping , loving , no law less than ourselves owning , sailing , soldiering , thieving , threatening , misers , menials , priests alarming , air breathing , water drinking , on the turf or the sea - beach dancing , cities wrenching , ease scorning , statutes mocking , feebleness chasing , fulfilling our foray .
there 's a picket fence in the front yard of the next house , but it 's a low one , and he 's quickly able to get over it , onto artificial turf of a weird aquamarine shade .
the builders of cold springs harvest camp tried to take architectural cues from its surroundings , attempting a natural western look - but a huge oasis of green artificial turf in the midst of stucco buildings is a glaring reminder that there is nothing natural about this place at all .
he pokes his head up and aims his pistol at the shadowy figure in the tower , who is now firing at kids running across the artificial turf .
he strides out into the middle of the common area , beside a flagpole poking out of the artificial turf , and draws their attention away from the human cost of their liberation .
he is led by three fugitives he knew from the airplane graveyard out into the common area , where the artificial turf swelters in the midday sun .
just an entrance wound in the back of the head and an exit wound right beneath the chin , with the bullet itself claimed by the artificial turf .
` ` know this , brit - they grow us up strong on the hard green turf of ireland . ''
so you marked the turf as ' sucks . '
two of the batting cages were in use , and several groups roamed the miniature golf courses , putting on artificial turf surrounded by miniature monuments .
he landed on the front porch , feet pounding heavily against the artificial turf .
artificial turf blanketed the porch .
artificial turf prickled against his cheek as jason tried to fathom what had happened .
senseless on the artificial turf of the batting cage .
i see a lone horse , stretched out to its fullest , galloping along the edge of the cliff , bits of turf plowed up beneath its hooves .
the wind cuts straight and low across turf made deep , dark green by the clouds pressing overhead .
i keep waiting for corr to flag , to show some signs of tiring , but there 's nothing but the pounding of his hooves across the turf , the snort of his breath around the bit , the wind blowing across my ears .
climbing out , their feet sank into the summer - soft turf beside the gravel .
kneeling in the middle of the pentagram , digging his fingers into the soft , mossy turf , adam said , ` ` i sacrifice myself . ''
` ` i hate when they hold these things outside , '' delia said loudly as she stepped off the sidewalk and her pointy heels sank two inches into the turf .
that one letter makes a huge difference and left barry on the turf , writhing in agony .
although the horse was quiet and placid , and the hooves made only a gentle clop on the turf , the sound of the horses breath seemed loud in the night .
we hustled the same turf and hoodlums . ''
of course know the turf comes with experience , and no man is going to get that overnight , but i told him what i could and the rest , hell have to learn .
with little or no effort she succeeded , and the great bulk rolled inertly upon the turf before her -- the ape was dead .
from this primitive function has arisen , unquestionably , all the forms and ceremonials of modern church and state , for through all the countless ages , back beyond the uttermost ramparts of a dawning humanity our fierce , hairy forebears danced out the rites of the dum - dum to the sound of their earthen drums , beneath the bright light of a tropical moon in the depth of a mighty jungle which stands unchanged today as it stood on that long forgotten night in the dim , unthinkable vistas of the long dead past when our first shaggy ancestor swung from a swaying bough and dropped lightly upon the soft turf of the first meeting place .
but now they had come to their destination , and tarzyn of the apes with jan in her strong arms , swung lightly to the turf of the arena where the great apes held their councils and danced the wild orgy of the dum - dum .
the green turf looked soft and cool and inviting .
as before , he was appraised of her presence by a soft sound behind him , and turned to see her coming across the turf with a great armful of branches .
manaea said , indicating a saxon sitting on the turf a few yards away , head lowered and in obvious pain , left hand clamping his right upper arm , blood dripping through his fingers and dribbling down the arm .
still unsure of himself , he opened his door and rushed around the front of the car stumbling on the uneven turf .
no one protected their turf because there was no turf to protect .
the combat was for fun , beheading disallowed and since wolves , like vampires , were of superior stock any damage done would heal before they left the turf .
twenty - five pounds of sandy - brown fur with four legs and a detest of motorize carriages entering its turf .
i had never been hit by the golf ball ; i had even returned to school and finished my degree turf management .
and one hundred paces north by west could mean just about anywhere out there , anywhere in that grassy turf .
advancing towards the fire , bodhmhall tossed in some scraps of dried turf from a wicker basket beside the hearth and stoked it up as quietly as she could .
puffs of blue smoke drifted slowly to the roof of the hut and there was a brief crackle as the turf caught alight .
they trudged through the sandy turf , each lost in thought .
abruptly , the sandy turf began to heave .
instead of sandy turf , they walked upon lush grass and moist soil .
as the sun peeked over the horizon he had been cutting hay along the runways edge for over an hour , he was startled and brought the tractor to a halt as three thundering horses flashed past from behind , turf flew up all around some striking the window of his cab .
however , as i was thinking about changing my plans , my legs carried my body over the threshold , of their own accord , and onto alec 's turf .
his eyes searched out the three bundles that were placed , disguised by a turf of grass , near the centre of the basin .
a bloodied place , a last desperate stand , sometimes just a pile of scattered bones , turf splattered and trampled down or torn up entirely .
they listened to the wind for some time , the smell of spring was carried on the warm breeze and they watched the mighty horse raise turf into the air as he pranced , galloped and threw himself around , screaming in defiance of loss .
the cimarron cutoff , at the point they came to it , was seven or eight sets of more or less parallel wagon tracks cut deep into the turf .
attesting to the growing power and influence of corrigan lebow , this year the gathering was to take place on his turf .
yesterdays loss of a coveted title was the latest blow to his ego and the glory he had hoped to glean from holding this gathering on his home turf was slipping from his grasp .
a broad and rolling lawn , seams still visible in the newly laid turf , rolled like ocean swells up to some kind of half - finished mcmansion , its exterior walls clad in some fancy white vapor barrier .
large windows all around commanded the turf fields below it as well as the parking lot where we stood .
he lumbered onto the turf like a heavyweight boxer entering a ring .
it spun out of billys reach and slammed him with its stinger , impaling his abdomen , pinning him to the turf .
most of it missed but a few strands clung on and tethered the scorpion to the turf , though it still managed to turn and face urszula .
billy flopped on the turf , almost completely dismembered , most of him now rendered into a heap of inanimate junk while the scorpion remained largely intact .
unseen by wendell , urszula stretched , her arm trembling , grasping for the scepter perched on an upturned clod of natural turf just out of her reach .
a branch knocked wendells arm off - kilter just as a shock wave burst from the tip of his pen , denting the turf beside urszulas head as if an invisible cannonball had hit it , the blow intended to crush her skull had it been on target .
one shiny shoe fell to the turf as his toes became completely encased in burl .
stone pavers connected all the buildings and green turf filled the gaps .
the trap rainer had warned him of was well baited , and thal prepared himself to confront his enemies on the turf of their earthly hell .
his eye kept mistaking it for the gray grasses around them , as if ardrhythain had somehow picked up a sheet of the turf .
they took it when the piglets were away and used some weird law of nature to confiscate the turf .
their natural ability to uproot soil and turn over turf was exceptional for the agricultural ways of the elfin .
she broke her neck when head hit turf and another of the seven met their end when a voice of treason whispered in anothers ear .
the ogre roared in pain and dropped the boulder , which slammed into the turf to the knights side .
the banished boys suddenly appeared beneath them , sprawled on the turf .
kipril slid from his saddle and knelt beside the fading boy , who lay gasping out his life upon the turf .
now when snorri and his folk came to the garth , it is not told that any words befell there , but straightway they set on arnkel , and chiefly with spear - thrust , which arnkel put from him with the sledge - runner , and many of the spear - shafts were broken thereby , nor was arnkel wounded ; but when they had spent their shot - weapons , then thorleif kimbi ran at the garth and leapt up on to it with sword drawn , and arnkel smote at him with the sledge - runner , and thorleif dropped down away from the stroke out of the garth , and the runner smote against the garth wall , and up therefrom flew a piece of frozen turf ; but the sledge - runner was broken at the mortice , and part thereof fell out over the garth .
but the next morning men had a turf - play beside the booth of the sons of thorbrand , and as thorlaks sons passed by , forth flew a great piece of turf , and smote thord wall - eye under the poll , and so great was the stroke , that he fell heels over head ; but when he arose , he saw that thorbrands sons were laughing at him hugely .
but the next morning men had a turf - play beside the booth of the sons of thorbrand , and as thorlaks sons passed by , forth flew a great piece of turf , and smote thord wall - eye under the poll , and so great was the stroke , that he fell heels over head ; but when he arose , he saw that thorbrands sons were laughing at him hugely .
then the first beastman sank to the ground as walwains attacks began to tell and the pict turned , flinging his second attacker to the turf .
my grandfather did not die in vain , claudia said , lying beside him on the soft turf , her colourless eyes glinting in the starlight .
at the last moment he leaped to one side and saw it shoot through the space he had just vacated and thud into the turf .
jake let the plywood drop and he hopped out of the back of the truck and ran to the turf next to tasha .
here on home turf , we shall win ! ''
a depressing display of metal , synthetic turf and plastic ornaments intended for rolling green living lawns , it resembled a junkyard with paths carved through the mountains of debris .
progress was good whilst the morning was cool and it was still before mid - day when they reached the edge of the forest and strolled out upon the rolling green turf of the uppen downs .
severus turned his gaze back out upon the land , slowly examining every inch of turf until his eyes came to rest at the site where the barracks of the order would soon stand .
throwing her braided lavender hair over her shoulder , she began walking across the soft , thick turf toward the path ahead .
from how i hear it - and by cora mccarthy , who saw it all and does n't flower a tale - this laoch ollmhr put the bastard out afore his arse hit the turf .
mira 's eyes glinted from her gallop , and she pawed the turf , tossing her head .
she pawed the wet turf , laid both her ears back , and arched her head high .
tiris hopped about in the grass , pecking busily at the turf .
the lethal spiked mace sank deep into the turf where rankars head had been as he lunged away , jerking his opponents legs from under him .
it had all happened so quickly and now nine men lay dead , dying , or injured on the grassy turf .
this is the fur balls home turf and where their clamor would be strongest .
and so it was that the door of the monastery closed with a shudder and bulkington stepped out onto the windswept turf that mottled the howling hills .
the turf was churned with iron hooves , the ball rolled over ragged grooves ; points were scored , the audience roared : ` ` glory to the polo horde ! ''
luckily , he managed to dig his heels into the soft turf and spin his momentum into a low crouch without falling over .
they then scrambled to each other on the wet turf , slipping and sliding .
rowan picked up jai 's weapon and stabbed it into the soft forest turf next to him .
a wall of a flames shot upwards from the turf and five revenant were blown to pieces , their doom stone shards shattered from the blast .
there was a loud crunch as the bulging backpack hit the turf under the full force of his descending weight .
landing ten feet on the turf next to them , the explosion shook the ground and a column of fire shot into the sky , brightening the field for a brief moment .
the sound of metal grinding against metal resounded as the gigantic circle of lemurian symbols , which had rested undisturbed in the field of grass for decades , suddenly split down the centre and both sides of the plate pulled back into the turf , revealing a hidden docking bay .
the mare returned to find the creature gone with signs of a great chase and struggle written in the crushed herbage and disturbed turf all about where he had been .
a long carpet of lush , green turf lay under foot and flowed to a luxurious gazebo , perched on the corner of the building , proudly overlooking the river .
he pushed one end of the rod in the soft turf .
he sat on the spongy turf and settled into the quiet routine of fishing .
he quickly set the heel to the turf and , for a moment , he sensed a rip in the ground , as if a seam had torn open .
the huge church dominated the villages skyline with its lofty dome of living turf that was akin to a rectangular green hill .
she had to take his word for it as she scanned the walls and the shrubs in front of her being careful of the changing turf .
whilst they were away , the other four set up camp , kimi grooming the horse with some dry grass she pulled up while basalt , carthinal and davrael collected wood to build a fire , and dug out the turf , setting it round with stones to form a primitive hearth .
they tidied up the campsite , put out the fire and replaced the turf .
came the familiar voice , but kent merely buried his face again in the muddy turf .
` ` they feared you might get assassinated on their ... turf .
it worked better when one was n't wearing all the armor , tavi thought , but at least the turf of the lawn was soft enough to absorb some of the impact .
the mouth of the stone angel suddenly gaped wide in a silent scream , and a yawning black hole opened in the grassy turf at jeremiah 's feet .
he winced when his right arm hit the turf and twisted so that his left hand was under his body .
k ! sdra jumped back to avoid another thrust and fell full length on the turf .
lio ! rt and liartes were already striding back across the turf to where the servants stood waiting with their mounts .
as it swooped low over the turf a billow of flame shot from its mouth , scoring a black streak across the grass that rushed towards hrun .
he threw her away from him and flung himself flat on the ground as liartes ' dragon thundered by , leaving another smoking scar across the turf .
liartes brought his mount in to land on the turf a few yards away and dismounted casually .
granny was already racing over the turf when she realized what that meant .
the creature stared in horror as a flatiron whirred a few feet away from its face and swung past its ear , winding around and around with increasing speed but a decreasing orbital radius until it connected heavily with the back of the elf 's head , lifting it off its feet and dropping it heavily on the turf .
the lancre morris men sat glumly on the turf , passing an earthenware jug between them .
behind it , in the turf , two fiery hoofprints burned for a second or two .
something bounded across the trodden turf towards mr scrub , ran up his robe and grabbed either side of his hood with both paws .
trees toppled , turf split , as fingers the size of ships unfolded and gripped the ground .
hah , old mericet calls it the guide to the turf .
they had tested strengths many a time , had tasted defeat and victory , had contested turf .
if it burned down his hut , well , logs and turf are cheap enough .
the marble headstone on that one was shiny and moss - free , the turf was clipped , the stone border was sparkling .
after a while he was aware of a scraping noise to his left and could just make out the turf starting to sag on one of the graves .
a few pieces of turf were pushed aside and , with some effort , reg shoe rose from the grave .
not even reg , fussing around smoothing down earth and patting turf into place , could detract from it .
from up here the flocks of sheep , moving slowly , drift over the short turf like clouds on a green sky .
the turf of the downs was full of tiny , intricate flowers , like cowslips and harebells , and even smaller ones that somehow survived the grazing .
one moment they would be black - and - white streaks across the distant turf , and then they were suddenly there , panting , eyes never leaving granny 's face .
iron - shod hooves cut the turf .
in the evening he walked up to the hut and sat down on the turf nearby .
wind rushed around her as the feegles sped out of the farmyard 's top gate and onto the turf of the downs ... .
the chalk was only a few inches under the turf .
there was n't much to see now , just the iron wheels sinking into the turf and the pot - bellied stove with its short chimney ... . on the day granny aching died , the men had cut and lifted the turf around the hut and stacked it neatly some way away .
there was n't much to see now , just the iron wheels sinking into the turf and the pot - bellied stove with its short chimney ... . on the day granny aching died , the men had cut and lifted the turf around the hut and stacked it neatly some way away .
next day , when the ashes were cold and blowing across the raw chalk , everyone went up onto the downs and with very great care put the turf back , so all that was left to see were the iron wheels on their axles , and the pot - bellied stove .
at which point - so everyone said - the two sheepdogs had looked up , their ears pricking , and had trotted away over the turf and were never seen again .
the turf had healed .
it was a pictsie , still spinning madly when he hit the turf a few feet away , where he fell over .
the turf was trembling .
cried the pictsie , and started to run across the turf .
he was moving fast by then , but the buzzard sped down and across the turf even faster and plucked him neatly into the air .
she heard yells from the pictsies and a snarl that turned into a wail , but there was something behind her as she jumped over the last of the snow and rolled on the warm turf .
not here , not in the real world , on the home turf .
the mound was like a little island in the endless turf ; late primroses and even a few ragged foxgloves grew up here in the shelter of the thorn roots .
there was a whirring noise , a moment of silence , and then a small , weary , and rather muffled voice said : ` ` ach , crivens ... '' she looked out onto the turf .
then i 'll just be goin ' ... . '' he raised his arms over his head and started to run across the turf .
my brother will never grow up , she thought , as she ran across the turf .
and there was another teddy bear , green this time and quite hard to see against the turf .
there was some whooping and clapping from the nac mac feegle , and they surged across the turf toward her .
somewhere not far away was a world of green turf under a blue sky , and that was real .
it showed some turf , and a few stones , lit with moonlight .
the snow spilled a little way through the doorway between the stones and onto the turf , but the air was warm and alive with nighttime insect noises .
chapter 13 land under wave the queen walked over the turf toward tiffany .
she 's killing my turf .
it hit the turf like bullets , turning it into chalky mud .
but this was as cold as those days when even the snow could n't fall , and the wind was pure cold itself , blowing ice crystals across the turf .
in fact , she felt hot , red - hot with anger ... anger at the bruised turf , anger at her own stupidity , anger at this beautiful creature whose only talent was control .
two streaks of black and white sped away across the turf and up toward the clouds .
out of breath , glowing with triumph , tiffany watched until the dogs came back and settled , once again , on the turf .
real starlit darkness covered the turf , and the nighttime sounds filled the air .
when she took her foot away , only the top of his head was visible above the turf .
there was just her and tiffany , facing one another on the turf at dawn , the wind hissing around the stones .
she saw herself set her boots firmly on the turf , and then ... ... and then ... ... and then , like someone rising from the clouds of a sleep , she felt the deep , deep time below her .
she thought of granny aching , under the turf , becoming part of the chalk again , part of the land under wave .
she heard the grass growing , and the sound of worms below the turf .
there was a groan from roland , lying on the turf .
with surprising speed , mistress weatherwax swung herself off the stick , grabbed it firmly in both hands , and ran away across the turf , skirts billowing behind her .
he had n't even stopped to put the leather shoes on it ; great slices of earth flew up as hooves the size of large soup plates , * each one shod with iron , bit into the turf .
but when tiffany reached the spot where an old stove and four iron wheels stood out of the grass , and cut a square of turf , and carefully chipped out a hole for the china shepherdess , and then put the turf back ... it was raining hard enough to soak in and give the turf a chance of surviving .
but when tiffany reached the spot where an old stove and four iron wheels stood out of the grass , and cut a square of turf , and carefully chipped out a hole for the china shepherdess , and then put the turf back ... it was raining hard enough to soak in and give the turf a chance of surviving .
but when tiffany reached the spot where an old stove and four iron wheels stood out of the grass , and cut a square of turf , and carefully chipped out a hole for the china shepherdess , and then put the turf back ... it was raining hard enough to soak in and give the turf a chance of surviving .
then she made cheese ... ... in the dairy , on the farm , and the fields unrolling , and becoming the downlands sleeping under the hot midsummer sun , where the flocks of sheep , moving slowly , drift over the short turf like clouds on a green sky , and here and there sheepdogs speed over the grass like shooting stars .
it could hide in one of the blobby white creatures that baa 'd nervously as it crawled over the turf .
the iron wheels of the old shepherding hut were half buried in the turf , high up on the hills .
so they had cut the turf and buried granny aching in the chalk , watered the turf afterwards to leave no mark , then they burned her hut .
so they had cut the turf and buried granny aching in the chalk , watered the turf afterwards to leave no mark , then they burned her hut .
tiffany stood there , while the wind blew over the turf and sheep bells clonked in the distance .
it had been cut out of the turf right back in the old days , people said , by the folk who 'd built the stone circles and buried their kind in big earth mounds .
it had been carved in the turf back before history began , by people who had managed to convey in a few flowing lines everything a horse was : strength , grace , beauty and speed , straining to break free of the hill .
she wanted , longed for the hiss of wind in the turf and the feel of centuries under her feet .
they advanced on it carefully , wary of ambush , but nothing stopped them as they climbed two long mounds in the turf which made a sort of cross .
in the silent world of tiffany 's head , rob anybody picked up his sword again and crept across the darkening turf .
but the turf lived in the sun , with its hundreds of grasses and flowers and birds and insects .
the sun was going down and the shadows were moving and the turf was dying .
it stepped out of the hut and onto the turf .
swords clanged on scales , heads butted fangs - it whirled across the turf , growling and screaming , calling up past shapes to counter every attack .
the shepherding hut creaked and began to settle into the turf , which opened up around it as easily as butter .
someone who had been lying down , growing turf , their arms and legs the hills and valleys of the downland , was sitting up .
at last the witch stopped at a spot where rocks like pillars sprouted out of the turf .
.. shepherds on the chalk felt the ground shake , like thunder under the turf .
she reached the place where four rusty iron wheels were half buried in the turf and a pot - bellied stove stood up from the grass .
on the summer turf of the downlands , with the buzzards screaming in the sky , they had seemed to be all there was to say .
she 'd lived in the old shepherding hut , high on the hills , listening to the wind blowing over the turf .
and just as she was about to speak sharply to the villagers for still bothering miss treason , she remembered the packets of jolly sailor tobacco that the shepherds even now left on the turf where the old shepherding hut had been .
the summer lady sat down on the turf .
he looked back , halfway across the turf , and waved at the librarian .
there was the distant drumming of hooves on the turf , and then silence .
she upended it , and something thudded on to the turf .
two archangels are on his turf .
it just reminded me again that we were on his home turf and he was the one calling the shots .
his boots tore up a furrow of turf as wide as his foot and six inches deep , sending a spray of soil , pebbles , and spring grass flying up in front of him in a bow wave for better than fifty feet and bringing him to a stop in the entrance to the main healer 's tent .
even as he spoke , the earth curled up around her elbows and knees , turf and roots twisting into place , locking her limbs to the ground .
that 's captain black 's turf .
hiram had called all of his usual haunts one after the other , had even tried freakers and the chaos club and the twisted dragon on the off chance that the takisian might have decided to drown his guilt on unfamiliar turf : no one had seen tachyon since the early afternoon , when he left the ceremonies at the tomb .
he was running on the green turf and singing .
it was an old - fashioned countrified house , as much like a hobbit - hole as possible : it was long and low , with no upper storey ; and it had a roof of turf , round windows , and a large round door .
there it left the trees and faded into the turf .
after a while he reappeared , and reported that there was fairly solid ground between the cliff - foot and the river ; in some places firm turf went down to the water 's edge .
down again the path went , and then up again , up a long smooth hillside of turf , towards the light .
he had half expected to see turf right up to the walls , turf all pocked with hoof - prints .
the air grew warmer between the green walls of hillside and hillside , and the scent of turf rose strong and sweet as they breathed .
there was no tree nor any visible water : it was a country of grass and short springy turf , silent except for the whisper of the air over the edges of the land , and high lonely cries of strange birds .
riding over the hills , and eating their fill , the warm sun and the scent of turf , lying a little too long , stretching out their legs and looking at the sky above their noses : these things are , perhaps , enough to explain what happened .
about them the turf was burned to the roots and all within the ring the grass was scorched and shrivelled , as if flames had swept the hill - top ; but there was no sign of any living thing .
he stretched himself upon the ground with his ear pressed against the turf .
at their feet the ground was dry and the turf short , but a long strip of sunken land , some ten miles wide , lay between them and the river wandering deep in dim thickets of reed and rush .
just to the west of the southernmost slope there was a great ring , where the turf had been torn and beaten by many trampling feet .
suddenly he fell face downward on the turf .
the turf was deep and yielding , and that helped them : but it seemed a long slow business .
at nightfall he brought them to his ent - house : nothing more than a mossy stone set upon turves under a green bank .
upon their western sides the grass was white as with a drifted snow : small flowers sprang there like countless stars amid the turf .
this road they followed but they did not ride upon it ; for the ground beside it was firm and level , covered for many miles about with short springing turf .
then they turned aside , leaving the highway and taking to the sweet upland turf again .
here spring was already busy about them : fronds pierced moss and mould , larches were green - fingered , small flowers were opening in the turf , birds were singing .
the daylight grew and the air became warm ; the dew faded off turf and leaf .
hastily he stamped out what was left of the fire , scattered the ashes , and laid the turves on the hole .
and so the red blood blushing in their faces and their eyes shining with wonder , frodo and sam went forward and saw that amidst the clamorous host were set three high - seats built of green turves .
for after three days the men of the mark prepared the funeral of theoden ; and he was laid in a house of stone with his arms and many other fair things that he had possessed , and over him was raised a great mound , covered with green turves of grass and of white evermind .
they emerged into a steep upland covered with a kind of turf which would have been very like grass but that there was more blue in it .
their claw - like or almost hand - like paws were clearly built for climbing , and the bluish turf was their food .
they were now entering into a kind of bay or re - entrant of turf between two of the green pillars .
they surrounded a roughly oval plateau of perhaps seven acres , covered with a finer turf than any known on our planet and dotted with tiny crimson flowers .
and what surprised ransom most was that she continued to listen to it without turning to welcome him or even to comment on his arrival when he came and sat down beside her on the soft turf .
it was fond of cutting their outer rinds through with its nails , or grubbing up roots , or pulling off leaves , or even tearing up handfuls of turf .
it walked a few paces away to where weston 's pack lay in the yellow turf .
he rolled rather than crawled out of the pool on to sweet blue turf .
before him the lawn of blue turf continued level for about thirty paces , and then dropped with a steep slope , leading the river down in a series of cataracts .
the slope was very steep but there were no outcroppings of rock and the turf was soft and springy and to his surprise he found that the descent brought no weariness to his knees .
it was blue in colour , but far lighter than the blue of the turf - almost a cambridge blue at the centre of each streamer , but dying away at their tasselled and feathery edges into a delicacy of bluish grey which it would take the subtlest effects of smoke and cloud to rival in our world .
` ` for many hours i learned the properties of shapes by drawing lines in the turf of a little island on which i rode .
in these seas there are islands where the hairs of the turf are so fine and so closely woven together that unless a man looked long at them he would see neither hairs not weaving at all , but only the same and the flat .
to make up for this , glenstorm on the right of the lists , stock - still except when he stamped a hind hoof occasionally on the turf , looked much more imposing than the telmarine baron who faced him on the left .
when lucy saw clodsley shovel and his moles scuffling up the turf in various places ( which bacchus had pointed out to them ) and realized that the trees were going to eat earth it gave her rather a shudder .
or groan in pain after calvin todd obliterated me for stepping on his turf ?
lucy was of course barefoot , having kicked off her shoes while swimming , but that is no hardship if one is going to walk on downy turf .
underfoot was tine springy turf dotted here and there with a low bushy growth which edmund and lucy took for heather .
but to the right , trees pushed out of the ground , crackling , snapping as they broke through the turf .
adam suggested it as their new lunchtime turf for the warm - weather months .
the bushes , and the long grasses , between the boulders , the patches of rabbit - cropped turf , the thyme and the sage and the marjoram , and the yellow rockroses all vanished , and they found themselves at the top of a wide steep slope of fallen stones , the remains of a landslide .
then thorondor bore up glorfindel 's body out of the abyss , and they buried him in a mound of stones beside the pass ; and a green turf came there , and yellow flowers bloomed upon it amid the barrenness of stone , until the world was changed .
there was a lot more below that turf than old mutton bones , and magic leaks .
i never saw greener turf .
and i walked forward over that holy turf with a good and glad heart .
it was important to show the right colours on your home turf .
if you went to a match between two other teams , you automatically , according to some complex and ever - changing ready - reckoner of love and hate , cheered the team most nearly allied to your native turf or , more accurately , cobbles .
ridcully fell forward on to the turf .
one foot on their turf and you get sent home in a sack ! '
trev nodded and walked across the turf to the cheers of the crowd .
ponder stibbons , in the path of their advance , calculated quite a lot of things very quickly , such as speed , wind direction and the likelihood of being physically trodden into the turf .
glenda was sure she could hear distant birdsong or , possibly , the noise of worms under the turf , but definitely the sound from dr lawn 's impromptu field hospital , the sound of ' big boy ' barton chucking up again .
if the striker thinks he scores or if the keeper cries in shame they understand not the crowd 's applause i make , and hear and earn again for i am the crowd and i am the ball i am the triumph and the blame i am the turf , the pies , the all always and ever , i am the game .
juliet and trev began to float down , hand in hand , turning gently until they landed lightly on the turf , still kissing .
as the crowd streamed down from the stands , trampling the now sacred turf , ridcully tapped a gloomy mr hoggett on the shoulder and said , ' it would be my privilege to change shirts with you , sir . '
where he trod , the turf recovered , spreading from him like a soft wave of light through opening shutters .
if he dies , it 'll be on home turf .
on the nearest wall , a graffitied dragon marked the spot as the sanguinarian coven 's turf .
the one by the arteries is on bane 's turf .
` ` volos is building that community center on bane 's turf and with the botched tunnel raid , they ' ve had to postpone the project .
the first of which being that a wizard 's turf is sacred .
he 'd failed to hold onto his turf in the cauldron .
i have planted them in a rich black turf mixed with some sand .
then he continued across the springy turf to the banks of the river itself .
the dwellings were enclosed on the landward side by a substantial three meter high turf rampart .
eyes momentarily locked together , and with just the sound of the horses hooves on the turf , they simultaneously turned away and rode in total silence , flushed fury on her face , white cold anger on his .
the masons had covered it with earth and had cut turf from elsewhere which they laid over the bare earth of the roof .
he took two practice swings again taking divots out of the turf , then addressed the ball and swung .
the ball barely got off the turf before quickly beginning to roll toward the green .
people from all walks of life gambled on everything , from cards to the size of a load of turf , and when the national lotteries were introduced in 1784 the gambling fever know no bounds .
the ordinary people had little or nothing in the way of heat , even the turf was frozen , while we had huge log fires .
he was sweating and out of breath , so he took off his coat , flung it on the springy turf , sat down on it and peered into the valley below .
he stopped , removed his bag and placed in on a patch of green turf , like a little glade among the ferns .
they all lay back on the turf for a while and amy felt her eyes closing when huw announced , time to move on .
he patted down the earth , replaced the turfs he had cut and piled before digging the hole and set the few wreaths and bunches of flowers on the neat mound .
it used to be so cosy with the turf fire glowing .
it was mutually decided to ignore the estate owner 's orders and to build a habitable space in the ruins with doorposts serving to hold a roof of branches and turf .
muriall waved a weary hand to guy , and others helping the men to try to build makeshift dwellings , chopping up branches , heaving loads of rescued turf .
the women gathered branches and turf in readiness for the makeshift roofs .
i felt much better the minute i was back on such familiar turf .
rob pointed to a long low structure , with walls apparently made out of turf , surmounted by a thatch of bracken and reeds .
a man looking as dark as the turf of the house stood silently in his doorway , watching them as they passed .
the stone and turf walls were slowly collapsing back into the earth from which they had come .
then he led duncan and alasdair to a little knoll overlooking a lochan beside which stood a little turf built sheiling hut .
the cottar houses were long low mounds of turf and thatch , dipping down the hillside .
the drystone courses were bedded into layers of turf , giving an appearance of a layer cake .
the turf and clay bedded the stones firmly in place and prevented draughts penetrating through the wall .
they had turf walls and heather thatched roofs that blended into the secret corries and hollows of the hills .
she held to the last vestige of hope until she heard the wheezing of the dog behind her and suddenly found herself shoved forward then landing , fortunately , on a patch of grassy turf at the very edge of the orchard .
an apple thudded to the grassy turf below .
with the exception of the missing diamond shaped cut - ins , tatum thought that it could have been the perfectly kept turf of a professional ball diamond .
tanaquil another year had turned , the days swinging out again to earlier dawn and later dusk , the hours expanding ; another year turned , with the year - fires burning in the valleys between rome 's seven hills , wolf - guarded , and now guarded by the wall servius had begun to build , part turf , part tufa .
they danced the boundary between the city and the world ; only yesterday it had been a faint path trodden hollow in the springy turf , and tomorrow it would be again , but now it was the sacred border , the shining terminus , the limit set by the gods , rome 's protection and shield .
there were men working further along , slicing the turf up where the ditch was to be dug .
he asked genially , and they said they were , and he asked a few questions about the lie of the land , and where they would join up with the next section , and they gave him answers , and one of them put a mattock in his hand and asked him to turn over a turf or two .
he dug his heels into his mounts flanks and stormed off in a spray of turf , followed less flamboyantly by delamere , who considered that he had done more than his share of fighting and was returning to his tent .
the fortress was a forlorn affair , a collection of round wooden buildings chinked with mud and capped with turf set close together upon an expanse of uneven , trampled ground .
being on familiar turf will help you , charlie added by way of encouragement .
he raised his head from the turf to glare feebly at kormak the godless , who stood before him , looking down uncertainly .
it was the stepnoski brothers turf field , left uncultivated in spite of the coming winter season , an ocean of lime - colored grass that expanded before his eyes .
the park was mostly just flat turf , with brown grass turning green .
bay park was no exceptiona peninsula of turf bordered by a thick copse of trees and lots of rocks to prevent erosion .
a thin bridge of wooded turf connected the park to land .
as we stepped onto the turf , my feet squelched in the grass .
we neared the edge of the turf .
we walked to where the bridge narrowed to a slice of concrete against a wall of green turf .
i assessed the lumpy turf .
the turf charged .
the rooftop actually looked nice : a line of trees split the stucco rectangle in two from the entrance , and a square of astro - turf complete with tasteful sculptures lounged on the northeast side .
bru fired again , and again , and again , as nibbles stuck arrows into the soft turf beside charles where he could reach them easily .
there was a squeal of tires and a huge spray of turf as one of the bmw 's roared to life .
the tremendous force drove the immovable stone back a good ten feet , plowing up the turf with his feet as the momentum carried them .
the animal obeyed , pitching up turf in a sprint .
hooves pounded moist turf as they rounded antiochs western reach , heading north past the thorny expanse john and daniel had traveled - puh - puh - fwump , puh - puh - fwump , puh - puh - fwump , puh - puh fwump .
they shot out of town and tore into the turf again to the northeast .
the pair rode in surging leaps over the spongy turf , up a low rise into the village and right to the hut of the chiefs .
we ca nt play his game on his turf .
despite the added danger of being on chriss home turf , terry too was stronger there , and it would give him his best chance to fight back .
before him was a long path , lined on either side with well - manicured turf .
another hit , as aimed , in the other leg , and the vampire again stumbled , tumbling forward onto the leaf - covered turf .
foundation work began and a local nursery was hired for turf and congenial hardwood placement .
nothing a surf and turf and a bottle of cold duck ca nt fix .
strangely that wonderful hot day of the fifties rose up again in clarke 's imagination ; the sense of dazzling all - pervading sunlight seemed to blot out the shadows and the lights of the laboratory , and he felt again the heated air beating in gusts about his face , saw the shimmer rising from the turf , and heard the myriad murmur of the summer .
villiers , who was with me at the last , knows nothing of that awful secret of the wood , of how what we both saw die , lay upon the smooth , sweet turf amidst the summer flowers , half in sun and half in shadow , and holding the girl rachel 's hand , called and summoned those companions , and shaped in solid form , upon the earth we tread upon , the horror which we can but hint at , which we can only name under a figure .
for many an hour i strayed through the maze of the forest , turning now to right and now to left , pacing slowly down long alleys of undergrowth , shadowy and chill , even under the midday sun , and halting beneath great oaks ; lying on the short turf of a clearing where the faint sweet scent of wild roses came to me on the wind and mixed with the heavy perfume of the elder , whose mingled odour is like the odour of the room of the dead , a vapour of incense and corruption .
here they had walked , helen and rachel , along this quiet causeway , upon the pavement of green turf , shut in on either side by high banks of red earth , and tall hedges of shining beech , and here i followed in their steps , looking out , now and again , through partings in the boughs , and seeing on one side the sweep of the wood stretching far to right and left , and sinking into the broad level , and beyond , the yellow sea , and the land over the sea .
it came with the turf , especially now that she was not walking the streets anymore .
he is totally intent on the next hampden batter , matt knaide , who taps one turf shoe with his aluminum worth bat and then steps into the batter 's box .
he crawled now , fingers hooking deep into the turf .
you got in that great big house and had three drinks before dinner and then a soup course and a salad with thousand island dressing and then surf and turf for the main course and it was all served by a maid in a black uniform and carla was doing her lady - of - the - manor bit - but not being the least bit condescending - and there was a strawberry tort or blueberry buckle with whipped cream for dessert and then a couple of coffee brandies or tia maria and you just spilled your guts .
jack felt an urge to just roll back and forth on the tough , springy turf , holding his gut and howling .
if you dig down a few feet under this turf anywhere , you find cinders and pieces of rail and all sorts of stuff .
fingers and toes burrowed into the soft turf , those with legs and arms still attached upending like penises filled with blood , vibrant tumescent occurrences that to the pink man were curious , even amusing , as the arms and legs could never follow the fingers and toes into the burrows reminded him of a girl he once knew .
geese flock to the open turf by the dozens , intimidating any would be walkers and claiming the land as their own .
the road was dusty , soon to be awash with rain that would duly turn the dust into muck and moisten the crumbling turf to a dangerous degree .
my thoughts were diverted by the fairway quality cut of the turf , prompting me to envision how a challenging incan nine - holer might best suit itself to enhancing peruvian tourism .
she tossed back her thick mane of hair , wet from mist shrouding the peak , and repeatedly kicked her toe against the mushy turf .
encountering them on their turf was the rough equivalent to stepping barefoot into a pile of fresh dog waste .
while i strolled out onto the fairway , pretending to look for a misplayed ball in order to delay the next group teeing off , my young colleague dropped to one knee and pulled at the rectangular - shaped slate gray sign imbedded firmly in the lush turf .
i look forward , as always , to a full night of pub crawling with him on his home turf .
i thumped my staff into the turf hard with every step and glared straight ahead .
i stumbled over a grass turf and henna , startled , squealed in panic and wrapped her legs around me hard till the ride stabilized again .
to an inexperienced bachelor , faux black silk sheets , styled in alternate black stripes like a fresh wembley turf on fa cup final day , dave knew that these sheets had the potential to convert a maybe to a definite , but had they converted a definite to a maybe .
that s a mistake , because the county is known for its rich , creamy , ice - cream , from local cows munching on the local turf .
the carpet is the bright green color of astro - turf and the walls are all painted pure white .
with our tents pitched well up the steep bank on some level turf , the four of us sat next to each other between a couple of the tents to watch the raging mountain water shoot past us , again all thinking the same thing : we must be crazy to be doing this !
we took a few turns , then onto familiar turf ; place card table on the right , a setup of plush couches and armchairs on the left , stationed before a large , stone fireplace .
a quarterback for the new york giants once said that before he took each snap on the field , he d look behind him for lumps and tears in the turf so he would nt trip during the play .
bacon , rutabaga and artificial turf .
in a state of paranoia , the town decided not to replant their town , opting instead to use artificial turf for grass , artificial trees to line the roads , and artificial shrubs to border their yards .
fifty yards down booker street , and an elderly lady with a shopping cart presented the first obstacle ; sam expertly took the north star off the sidewalk onto the grass , peddled that much harder through the thick turf , and darted back onto the sidewalk , startling the old lady for an instant .
then it plummeted straight down into the welcoming embrace of a maple tree , crashing through branch after branch until it hit the turf below .
ill tackle you on your own turf because i m sure you have nt taken on board anything i ve said .
the mobile service would have to deal with them on their own turf . ''
` ` that 's vlod ironbeak 's turf .
downing carried a couple of balls and a stick in her hands as she coaxed carter away from the supply shed beside the field hockey turf .
he s been brooding in this same spot ever since i got into the store and in that he s typical of the clientele ; on any given day you ll always find people milling about , holding down their patch of borrowed turf as they inspect album covers or old electronic devices .
david procured two knapsacks and somewhere found a pair of lightweight soccer boots for me , the kind with canvas high tops and spikes underneath to dig in the turf , which i would have to wear with heavy socks that he also brought along .
but he just could nt figure out what had made him , after batting the ball out of cliftons hands , swoop under it as clifton went sprawling behind him , scoop up the ball with the fingertips of his left hand just before it hit the artificial turf , then draw it against his ribs , and streak down the sideline , faking kish out of his socks and outrunning raines , who was supposed to have 9.4 speed .
glittering scarlet in the bright midafternoon sunlight , she was taking long steps , almost running , a daringly precarious feat given the roughness of the turf and her treacherously frail stiletto heels .
i passed between leaning walls of oaken giants , each mantled with moss as dense as turf .
instead , i remained on the soggy turf , while staring upright into a sky blotted by rain clouds .
the grassy turf that swept away from him in all directions was perfectly manicured , although strangely so .
she put her hands in her pockets , digging at the turf of the meticulously cared - for lawn with the toe of her shoe .
watching elsies slender fingers take their first steps onto his turf brought the desire to follow , like an ache , to his chubby little hands .
its their home turf .
if you want me to wrestle your angel every day to prove that i deserve to live then fine , let 's wrestle , but that means i get to ask you questions , that we wrestle with your contradictions , and we roll outside the ring onto your own turf and if i pin you the angels get to see it , and if you pin me i still get to wrestle tomorrow because i would rather fight you and live than deny you and die .
that boom , when it seemed boundless , promised something like a stampede into the sticks , something like the original land run that colonized the state , the last postage stamp of western turf , in the last days of one past century and the first days of another .
he rolled over to grab handfuls of turf and drew himself into a ball .
neil guessed he did n't have to look presentable on his home turf , but it was still disorienting .
his progress was halted at the canal bridge , it had been swung open , along the tow - path great cart - horses dug their massive hooves into the turf hauling a line of barges in their wake .
even from the height at which he looked down at the manicured grass davey received a shock when he saw the giant figure of a man striding over the turf .
the first thing i did was set the fire using the turf that was stacked under cover outback .
i reached out to the turf basket and threw a dry sod onto the ashes .
after a while i added more turf and the fire was now warming and alive .
he bent down stiffly and speared his wooden tee firmly into the immaculate turf .
his last breath burst from his lungs as he struck the turf , his club and triumphal arm the last to hit the manicured tee .
now lets get out there and show duke what its like to play football on our home turf .
you ve practiced these plays time and time again and now is the time to strut our stuff men , now is the time to leave the duke blue devils with their mouths hanging wide open , now is the time to show them what playing on our home turf is all about .
this time they would be playing duke down on their turf so the task was much , much harder , but knowing an undefeated season was at stake provided all the motivation jay and his teammates needed .
paul and edward slaved six days a week , nursed their aching muscles on sunday , then stumbled out at four a.m. monday to plow turf , feed stock , haul water , prop up sagging fences , and every once in a while catch a glimpse of a girl , usually in the distance .
those smiling parents welded themselves to the iron chairs that were formed of straps of flat iron bent to the body and in these iron chairs they sunk into the bermuda grass , so that the adults seemed to float above the brilliant green turf .
closing a deal and proving himself in the corporate turf would get him one step closer to that aim .
and do you care about the turf ?
this offered up another thing to love called turf .
the turf that rose seemed to pop up and ask , why me ?
although he did have yearnings for his drive to attain good height , length , then have it sit up nicely on some turf , he knew it may not happen that way and he was content with that .
sterling is doggie - style on the turf , preoccupied with removing his cup , as discretely as possible .
judge winters personally witnessed the boys instant incarceration as he headed out for surf and turf .
when paul gets off the turf , sterling approaches and talks to him in a very businesslike manner .
its more comfortable for sterling to meet casually than to see the school psychologist on his own ( more artificial ) turf , for an appointment squeezed in between the lucrative iq examinations .
works of art which will be remembered long after the last turf of soil is embalmed in concrete and the last green field becomes a supermarket car park .
an early rain had left the turf sparkling like ground glass and awakened strong humid smells in the undergrowth .
the ball exploded in my chest forcing out my breath , leaving not enough to scream when the colt , still in the holster , delivered a hammer blow to my spine and kidneys as i hit the turf .
most just seem to plow into the other fellas turf without so much as a heads up .
i understand from mr . widgeons you have an interest in the blue turf mining company .
and who is to say he has not already completed his obligations at blue turf for this year ? ''
chapter 20 it was evening by the time martinez and i reached the gravel entrance to the blue turf mining company .
delaney came to the blue turf mine last night .
all the other mayhem i had seen was rooted in connections between the victim and the perpetratorjealous spouses , enraged workers , altercations at bars , even gang members killing each other for turf .
the avenue opened into a broad expanse of turf , and the house lay before us .
it hit me instantly how to do thatmaybe if i had a conscience i would ve realized the taylors turf was nt technically the walkers turfbut inviting them to sydneys party was believable , and even better , it was public .
belinda landed unsteadily on one foot as her heel sunk into the turf .
belinda wanted to sink into the turf as she rambled on about nonsense and hoped she did n't sound like the snob she felt like .
sort of a surf and turf .
christopher looked all around him , memorising the wet feel of the rain as it spattered his face , the sponginess of the turf under his feet , the grey cloudy skies that always looked so big when you were outside town , the greenness of the grass ... .
somehow amaryllis had reached him , disarmed him and had him at gunpoint in the time it had taken christopher to go headlong on to the springy wet turf and feroze to fall into the shaft .
frank broke the turf very gently and knelt down to peel it back while the others watched intently .
` ` seriously though , '' said frank , ` ` i think we 're going to be finished by lunch time and once everybody is safely out you can begin to throw sand back on top and replace the turf .
the shutter must have clicked a split second after my cleats stuck in the turf .
the usual official park host sign marked the site , but keeping it company were a four - foot plastic lamppost with a swinging sign announcing ` ` the schlummsdave and maeve , '' a stars and stripes windsock , three spinning yard ornaments , four sets of wind chimes , a bird feeder , a large bright green artificial turf rug and a wooden cutout uncle sam who appeared to be lecturing to a pink plastic flamingo .
this turf business is so tedious .
were you not brought up beside a the turf fire , listening to ghost stories ? '
bits of turf flew .
i do n't think i ever drove anybody who appreciated my home turf like you did today .
kara ordered the surf and turf .
the turf was a filet , with southeastern asian spices , plated with a five - ounce lobster tail .
astro - turf under the tree made the room look more like a park than an oversized birdcage .
she had means - it happened on her home turf .
i vaguely remember the sheriff yelling at smythe , what were you incompetent sods doing , shooting up my turf , dragging me away from the nascar championship on tv ? !
as they set off down the soft turf toward the woods , it seemed impossible thatthey would be intercepted , or that anything could prevent them from living happily ever after .
to come off the springy turf of the wilderness and the narrow , ever - changing trails onto this dusty ribbon was to exchange the living world of nature for the flattened , dead uniformity of civilization .
once , about halfway up the slope , he stopped , dropping his pack on a small , level place and collapsing beside it on the turf .
he walked fast , springing over the turf .
the pistol seemed to float from martin 's fingers to roll over on the turf .
through the pain , he was aware of the pistol , black and sinister on the turf , its barrel pointing toward them , about a foot from martin 's right shoulder .
i mean , man , yknow , they like it all do n't they , she wants it all right , she wants the kit , she wants the stuff , she wants to hang round , yknow , but , like man , well she wo nt pay what it takes sheet , thoz turf i reply , i clear my throat , and start again , in wez , yor din do bed fing , yor joz dor woz nezedrady . ''
the four enjoyed their food : prime rib for lucas , surf and turf for zo , spaghetti with the meatballs for bob , and grilled salmon for claire .
there was a clear line of demarcation between where cortina cleaned and where this guys chaotic turf started .
the few people on campus were likely students taking summer classes , incoming freshmen learning their new turf , and probably fall sport squads getting a jump on training for the upcoming season .
you owe me for stepping on my turf . ''
day had surrendered her rays , but the field , made from some newfangled artificial turf , had stadium - quality lights .
artificial turf discreetly covered the mound of dirt at the back of the tent .
i knew from past experience that soon the dirt would be mounded , the flowers laid over it , the artificial turf removed .
jake had a distinct advantage because it was home turf .
he ran across a sports field made of artificial turf .
the lawn pulled apart in huge pie - shaped turves of grass .
it came with the turf , in boston or in any jurisdiction .
she just stood in front of the cherrywood casket with the brass railings around the outside , the wet grass around the hole covered by the fake - grass - turf sort of carpeting .
* * * jason september , one year later i danced along the sideline at a full sprint , the toes of my cleats digging into the turf at the very edge of the white line , arms outstretched , eyes locked behind and above me on the brown and white bullet rifling toward me in a perfect spiral .
my other foot hit , my breath left me in a whoof as gravity took over and tried to crash me through the turf .
time slowed as i sailed forward , green turf and white lines blurring .
i ' m not playing on his home turf anymore . ''
i lifted my head an inch from the turf and whispered fiercely , ` ` this is the most right thing in the world . ''
somethin ' not on their home turf .
a second later , i stifled a laugh but not my smile when dan ended this maneuver on his belly in the turf with his arm yanked up his back and creed 's knee in his spine .
i lay on my back in my backyard , elbows in the turf , bare feet crossed , gut filled with creed 's homemade , shredded chicken barbeque sandwiches , store bought macaroni salad and charlene 's birthday cake .
he walked through the grass , his mind registering the cool of the turf on his bare feet .
a cross of sidewalks leading to the four sides of the courthouse , criss - crosses too , all now cleared of snow in a way that it almost looked like someone had edged it right up to the turf , the removal was so precise .
the square in summer had perfectly tended , dazzling green turf and healthy , abundant , colorful flowers burst forth from the urns .
mitch smiled at the turf , shaking his head before he lifted it again and fired a shot at derek , derek caught it and instantly fired the ball at billy who had to reach for it but he caught it again .
i veered left and tried to run faster but slipped and slid when my high - heeled boots hit rocks , finding purchase when they hit snow - covered turf , sliding and wavering again when they hit stone .
he turned into a handsome , curving drive that was lit on both sides with those lights that rose out of the turf .
my heels dug in the turf but i managed to keep up .
the sharp scent of dug - up turf hit my nostrils as we tore across the grass .
not a month after shed decided to stay on , ramsten senior had declared the town shade turf .
the strangest thing about it was the way it appeared to me ; a terminal point lay half - covered by the turf , nestled against some grey shale and peat , but i could see its whole length superimposed over the turf .
the strangest thing about it was the way it appeared to me ; a terminal point lay half - covered by the turf , nestled against some grey shale and peat , but i could see its whole length superimposed over the turf .
it was n't difficult ; the crystal giving up its bed of turf easily almost as if it was eager to be held by me .
i wiped some sweat off my brow , sitting down on the turf with the crystal in my hand , the wind whipping my hair into my eyes .
with much of the turf now dug up and replaced by cement or synthetic polymers , the modern game had slowed down and was played mainly from the baseline ... except that is during the last three weeks of june and the first few days of july when lawn tennis makes its annual return to its green grass roots of home .
all those encumbrances simply evaporated beneath that shy but open - hearted gaze and the effortless physical beauty of this innocent standing before him on this new and neutral turf .
they ordered their meals from valera , one of the friendly and ageless keepers of this student emporium , then sat down with their food at a table along the wall , under a high narrow window that looked out on the quad turf above and the gray sky beyond .
by the time becca tapped at the door shortly after dark , he had his feet solidly planted on north carolina turf and his heart tightly bound in love .
she pushed me , and we briskly pushed through the vikings turf , placing our feet on singular patches of soil .
i want to save room for the oysters and the surf and turf you ve ordered .
after staggering half a dozen steps over soggy turf , her knees gave way in front of a narrow bench deep in the shadows of a wall .
abby lay on the court turf with the crowd surrounding her .
they must sweat and laugh , bleed when they hit the turf .
there was a wide open hearth , burning turf , the smell of which had the immediate though contradictory effect of making me feel at home and yet homesick !
they eat with more gusto than men who ' ve spent a day in the bog cutting turf !
soon small conversations started , usually about getting turf for the fire , or writing shopping lists .
deirdre looked into the open grate of the turf fire in the range and i could see her thoughts recede , detach from her surroundings and find her friends on the other side of the atlantic .
i wait expectantly for the smell of turf in the air .
sitting , or rather , sprawled comfortably on the sofa were aisling and myself , enjoying a glass of wine and the warm glow of the turf fire .
eamonn takes his pint to a group of four men sitting by a turf fire .
we had some money left over after the sale of turf , a rare occurrence , i can tell you , and i wanted to buy a few tools , like a new scythe and slane .
act 11 shiela and her sister aoife are sitting in front of a warm turf fire .
well , if they had been doing such a good job of that , my cara would nt be buried under the turf out there now , would she ?
there was a small turf fire glowing in the grate in between two big windows which were covered with heavy damask drapes right now .
they intend to burn mostly turf dampened with slack which slows the rate of combustion and increases the efficiency of heat yield .
better to face his opponent on his home turf , where every advantage was at his fingertips .
he found a small pub and went from the bright , cold sunshine into the dark interior where a turf fire burned in a small grate and half a dozen men looked up from pints , interested to see a stranger come in .
blood pounded in his ears in tandem with the hooves pounding the turf .
the horses were ready for a gallop , but arabella and sebastian kept them to a walk on the sodden turf .
this is our home turf .
` ` i 'd feel more comfortable on home turf . ''
the grass verge was peppered with glass , and he stepped over the deep furrows michael 's tires had gouged out of the turf .
cliff had offered to rototill the patch , and now she was digging up the turf so he could prepare the soil .
something struck the back of his knees and , unprepared , he went over hard , his shoulders slamming into the turf .
this our home turf .
but what i ca n't stand is some sweet - faced , spoon - fed sweetheart with a happy home life and some fancy boyfriend showing up on my turf to moan about her poor long - distance love a air . ''
it had been a while since maren had last visited kgi on their home turf .
the waiter appeared , and she quickly scanned the menu while chad ordered some kind of surf and turf .
the primitive horses high on the ridges , formed by ancient britons who cut into the turf to expose the white chalk , were arguably the oldest art on the british isle .
she could see the brighter green of fake turf ahead .
two men were standing on the artificial turf of the eighteenth hole .
jamie had the horses hobbled , grazing on the short turf beyond the ruined hut .
the sound bounced off the stones and the short , leathery turf .
the low thrum of the engine kicked into gear , and she took off toward the center of town , weaving expertly through traffic and keeping her speed down until she hit open turf and let it rip .
the cries stopped and he sucked on her knuckle like she was surf and turf .
a long time ago their parents had divided up the turf .
it made him look like a stranger , the strong bones of his face stark beneath the skin and the dome of his skull visible under the short , thick turf of his hair .
they spun in a tight circle of stroke and parry , feet touching lightly as a dance on the turf .
i felt dizzy and exposed , and rolled onto my stomach , pressing myself hard to the short turf .
the scene below was eminently peaceful now ; a boy stood holding a torch for one of the gardeners , who was kneeling at the edge of the lawn , tenderly replacing the divots of turf dug up by the fight .
i turned , ran gasping across the turf of the circle , and hurled myself through the cleft in the rock .
just as i realized that this effect was the result of the mound 's being covered in cut turves , the whole thing blew up .
if it did n't sound like an explosion , it certainly looked like one ; pieces of turf and bits of burnt wood began to rain down all over the clearing .
he gestured importantly toward a nearby tree , where one of the turves had been thrown with such force as to wrap itself around the trunk like some shaggy yellow fungus .
` ` marks , '' he replied , crawling about on hands and knees , eyes intent on the short turf .
i backed away as fast as i could , moving so quickly that i tripped on the short turf and sat down hard .
the more expected move would have been for lucas to have made a power play , invited cole into his sanctum so that the confrontation occurred on lucas 's turf .
he wanted to bawl her out on his turf .
reaching the shore , she dropped to her knees on the soft turf , ignoring the farmer who was moving closer as she quickly worked at the knot holding the top of the sack closed until it gave .
nikki letter # 5 - december 3 , 2006 dear nikki , the night after the tennessee titans destroyed the eagles on their home turf - a game in which donovan mcnabb tore his acl , ending his season and maybe even his career - andre waters shot himself to death .
tony died on ricky 's turf , so i know damn well who shot my brother . ''
but where holt 's turf was some of the most expensive real estate in town , faith 's digs were decidedly more modest .
to tim and ben , he said easily , ` ` if i could n't top you guys on my home turf , i 'd have to toss in the towel . ''