in order to start his plans , he needed her on his own turf .
he would have her , on his terms , on his turf , for as long as he wanted her .
she was on his turf now .
` ` let 's go stake out our turf . ''
but he was n't one of her loyal lackeys and she was on his turf now .
no one on this floor would dare to step onto your turf , '' she laughed , both at his expression and her acceptance that she was his woman , both inside and outside of the office .
normally , any man who would step onto their turf and disrupt their advances would create a frenzy of jealous outrage among the males in that age group but since dharran had done what all of them had n't been able to do , plus , he kept looking back at emma instead of showing a preference for any particular female , the teenage boys high fived each other in their enjoyment of emma being smashed with a pie .
you tend to blind side your competition and they do n't even know that you are invading their turf or business area before you ' ve taken over their territory . ''
mainly the angry growl of a protective german shepherd watching out for his turf , but there was nothing .
the whole idea was just an excuse to get her on his own turf and understand what had happened that last day .
and to get you over here on my own turf and make sure that you stayed put .
one side accused the other of murder , the other side called back that the deceased had been on their turf .
she could meet him on his own turf .
charles turned around too , hoping that whatever it was - it would be something that would get the three billionaires out of his turf as quickly and safely as possible .
maybe there , on his own turf , he could confess all to her .
if julie really were in cahoots with jean claude , travis would discover the truth sooner once he was back on his own home turf .
now that she had him on her turf , she was going to take full advantage of it .
for the moment at least , they were on her turf and she held all the cards .
i think i evaded her after the fire at chalice and that 's why she poisoned marguerite - to bring me onto her turf at lovedale . ''
she felt she 'd regain control , of herself at least , on her own turf .
` ` king of jareer or not , you 're on my turf .
` ` your turf is a hotel room ? ''
i spent this morning trying to resolve the mess you left behind , and the only thing i 'll do if i come to your temporary turf is kick you where it counts .
his turf .
` ` it 's because she 's on her own turf , '' denise explained .
he 'd convinced her to come to his turf .
and this time they 'd be on his turf .
that and guarding our turf and all the bullshit that goes along with that life .
besides , a deal was a deal was a deal , and the fact that she was here , sniffing around his turf , made it clear that terms had been broken .
he has a deal with charlie to stay the f**k out of his turf and vice versa , so when you show up it sends a message to us that charlie 's encroaching , and we do n't like it .
the nine have their turf and are just content with that .
you 're pissed that i showed up on your turf .
` ` he made it pretty clear that stepping foot on his turf will be bad for me . ''
she worked the street , had her corner and defended it with violence when someone moved in on her turf .
i was on his turf .
was him showing up on your turf like he 'd declared war ? ''
since her last formal meeting with shiori had been at the ritz , she wanted the familiarity of her home turf .
she 'd be on her turf , in professional mode .
` ` bear in mind that just because we 're on your turf do n't mean you get to call the shots . ''
the thing was , she could n't see nikolai sleeping in the guestroom or his office - he was a natural competitor and he would never cede his turf .
in alaska , zarek was on his home turf where he knew the terrain better than anyone and he would be able to avoid an executioner .
greece and her surrounding areas belonged to zt , and he tolerated very few treading on his turf , which meant that anytime kat ventured here she got a nice visit from the crank .
you are on my turf now .
common sense dictated that these underground dwellers had never been discovered in over a thousand years because they guarded their turf with an iron fist .
and before you accuse me of having an unnecessary ego , there are too many demons here that would get all angry - faced if their turf was invaded . ''
when she 's on her own turf , she 's not that bad .
they start to stake claim to regulars and get testy when someone encroaches on their turf .
but do n't wait for your witches to come to you again , and for god 's sake never seek them on their own turf .
` ` you know , not that i believe there are actual vampires here - cause that 's just whacky speak - but if there were , they should know that this is our turf . ''
the color would keep any pixies not yet in hibernation from slaughtering him for being on their turf .
` ` we had six patrols drive by , but most everyone is minding their own turf . ''
` ` this is his turf , not yours .
two , this was kyrin 's turf , not mine .
back at the club , he had gone in search of her , thinking he would keep her by his side for the rest of the day , just in case the prince decided to attack on his home turf .
they consider the world their home turf ? ''
but she 'd been on his turf before and therefore at a disadvantage .
their plan is to wait for us to attack them on their turf , where they can more easily injure us while remaining barricaded themselves , '' sabin said , interpreting .
does n't anyone defend their turf anymore ? ''
` ` and slaughter her on our own turf , '' william said with a nod , black hair shagging around his supermodel face - or whatever he insisted on calling that ugly mug .
` ` if we 're going after the bastards on their own turf , we 're going to need some serious firepower . ''
the vision had something to do with the realm of the dead , and that was cimil 's turf .
stay away from a creature 's home turf .
you do n't come here and mess with our boys on our turf . ''
neutral turf so they do n't feel invaded and you feel safe .
but after yesterday and the shit he heard coming out of susie 's mouth when he 'd walked up to them way too late , and vi 's reaction , he knew she was no pushover and she was on her home turf .
he was n't looking at me like he was the pissed off , badass boy trying to warn off the helpless , hapless female who dared enter his turf .
if the runaways followed the dealers , i would move to new turf .
` ` you 're on my turf and you do n't sound entirely stupid , so you got ta know you ' ve got no hope of locating rosie before me .
she was in human territory , my turf .
not on their turf .
he had turned his back on his own father , saved her many times - risked his own life to face borys maslen in his own turf just to rescue sofia .
his boss was probably the only female he respected - then again , it was hard not to take seriously someone who 'd snapped a grown man 's tibia in front of you : as head of security for the iron mask , she did n't appreciate dealers on her turf , especially ones with short - term amnesia who she 'd already warned not to sell in her club .
` ` my turf , my rules .
indeed , that urge to defend his turf had him curling his fists up even though he had never been trained to fight .
those could include murdering someone , charging taxes for drug deals going down on what they considered their turf or robbing a bank .
according to wallace , everyone knows this is nuestra family turf . ''
what were the odds she 'd be able to escape a violent psychopath when she 'd encountered him on his own turf ?
or she could defend her turf , refuse to let him disrupt her life .
still ... there had to be a way to get a better look at butch 's home turf .
` ` no one fights on my turf and gets away with it , '' said a voice beside me , and i jumped .
` ` and they knew exactly what would happen if they were ever caught fighting on my turf , '' said scotia .
dred was n't sure if the other woman could be trusted , but her options for lieutenants had shrunk with all the dying , plus wills 's betrayal after the massacre on grigor 's turf .
compared to most of my jobs , this was kiddie play , but still , i was the hacker , and this was chloe treading on my turf .
i had to believe that on our turf , werewolf strength and instinct and the thirst for our enemies ' blood would be worth something , no matter what - besides caroline - the other side had in their arsenal .
any werewolf with even a lick of sense knew that challenging an alpha on his own turf was a good way to get yourself dead .
maybe it had just been a curious animal after all , wondering what the humans were doing hiking through its turf .
` ` langdon is n't going to be real happy to have you asking questions on his turf , '' zack said .
colby considered everything about diana his own personal turf .
she had not been keen on the idea of coming face - to - face with her former boss on his own turf , but fallon had said that it was important for her to be seen in the company of the president and ceo .
` ` take them on our turf , on our terms . ''
seeing colt and tanner outside the house was bad enough , seeing them on their turf , so to speak , sounded even less appealing .
bill had spoken of me moving into his place , which sat on a hill just across the cemetery from my home , but i was reluctant to leave my own turf .
chapter forty ` ` a few of us were going to go down and dig our own turf .
i was comfortable , i was happy , and for once , i was literally on my own turf .
i tried to keep my eyes on gabriel in order to give the rest of the alphas time to check out the vampires who 'd stepped onto their turf .
i usually skipped bringing it along on public outings , but paulie cermak was quite possibly a drug kingpin , and i was heading to his home turf .
we 'd left hyde park , our home turf , and were heading west across the plains toward nebraska and the maleficium , an ancient book of magic that my ( former ? )
` ` on turf he 'd probably already scoped out , '' luc said , then glanced at me .
that was handy for us ; it meant ethan would be tested on his home turf .
these punks are our on turf now .
` ` this is my turf .
` ` gets messy when you work on your own turf . ''
your own turf ? ''
sure , the whatbees had a place , but not on his turf .
` ` yeah , guys , i know you 're there and i ' m on your turf , '' he said .
i know you used a conversation with me to plant a listening device in my place , on my turf . ''
this was his turf , damn it .
this was home turf and damn anyone who threatened what was his .
she was willing to relinquish control when necessary in the professional world , but she could n't settle for less than a partnership on her personal turf .
new york city was his turf , and he knew just where to take her for some long overdue alone time , no interruptions .
` ` get off my turf . ''
she could n't resist him on a good day , let alone on one when her defenses were down and she was on his turf .
he only wished he did n't have to do this on her turf , since that put him at a bit of a disadvantage .
she looked confident because she was on familiar turf .
not since they were back on their own turf .
the cops were n't used to turning their own turf into a crime scene .
this guy 's coming on to my turf , planting a bomb blocks away from the fbi .
they were on his turf , and he 'd already told her exactly what he wanted .
` ` you 're on our turf . ''
` ` then , naturally , they 'll seek out said perpetrators for not only implicating them in a crime they did n't commit , but committing that crime on their turf .
my mom 's small , modest house was n't exactly his usual turf .
but still , he wanted to tell me whatever he had been holding back in the privacy of his space , on his turf , where he felt safe and in control .
he was on her turf .
a high - minded city slicker comes prancing on my turf , i want ta know what s it to ya ?
he uses angels to defend his turf .
he was such a long way from the blueline neighborhoods he was familiar with , it took him almost two hours to find the skypath station , and he had to ask directions from several people before he could find his way back to familiar turf .
homeland security had claimed its turf and had both the psychological and political pull with congress .
she probably expected him to argue , to proudly defend his turf , and to be pissed - off at her for grilling him or something , but he just did n't give a shit .
that s not our turf , boss .
you see there was nt anything actually to gain from the riot , no turf or anything ; you just had to come out of it .
he started his military career as security officer at the port wharfs , had later become a bodyguard for the prime minister ( a time when australia used a political system from one of the ill - fated euro nations ) and had also inherited hills real estate , which proved to be valuable turf in the following years .
angela had always been pretty assertive and that was fine , but now that she had him back home on her turf she was trying to become downright domineering .
the wolves are very real and we are about to meet them on their home turf . ''
xero scoffed and wanted to argue , but this was clearly his turf , and she knew from experience that arguing with someone more familiar with a territory often did nt end well .
hey there chief , i know we just met and xero gave you the okay , but you re on my turf , and policy says no outsiders get weapons around the negotiation table , neptune said , trying to use her most diplomatic tone , and motioned towards the pipe with her chin .
the bartender explained coughing , the satans warriors could get pretty defensive in their home turf .
they generally abhor violence except when their turf is threatened .
the remaining satans warriors approached them vigilantly to defend their turf even against the two cocky street smart young people who were apparently more trouble than their purchase is worth .
an encounter with all four blackwood sisters , especially on their home turf where they were surrounded with musty antiques and obscure oddities , could be unsettling .
the jetpacks we used to bring the fight to the air , the home turf of the squawkers , were notoriously fragile .
the fuck , has second squad been here already , they stepping on our turf ?
no one had ever dared to challenge the augs on their home turf , but she felt a certain comfort in knowing it was richard who would be leading the attack .
during their meeting , palmer was inflamed yet comfortable on his own turf while stanley was meek and out of his element .
what were doing is nt exactly illegal , but everyone in this business knows that the manufacturers of the now legal drugs do nt like outsiders stepping on their turf .
the primitives on this planet are ten times more physically adapt than any army we ' ve ever dealt with , and we 're on their home turf .
it had not been lost on eoin that under the guise of entertaining , cillian always met in person on his home turf .
but here , on her own turf , perhaps she felt she could avoid spacer absurdities .
the settlers had a flat rule , no exception : nothing but new law robots on their turf .
their turf . ''
here no one knew who was in control , who was in charge of what patch of turf at the moment .
he had gotten here first , turned this crime scene into kresh 's turf .
sharing your home - giving up some of your own turf - is a very difficult and unusual thing for a spacer to do .
- all of it was a place to lock in memory , becoming there his own turf , private to him in a way far different from what it was to guards .
shaor 's men might chase you for a while if you wander onto his turf , but only if they feel like it .
it helps that she does n't have more advanced weapons to assert her will , so like us , on her turf , she has little choice but to make nice and learn their language .
a loner defending his turf , maybe hiding from the same guys we came after .
everyone here knew ale 's power , but it said something about the urgency of the situation that she would give orders on his turf .
he did n't know the east coast ; there was no place here he could run to and feel that he was on familiar turf .
as seichan had warned , this was guild home turf .
he was still on home turf in norway , with powerful ties and connections .
you force the combined hoegbotton and frankwrithe army arrayed against you to fight on your terms , on your turf .
if that s not bad enough , the king of dornia is pissed at me , too , and this is his turf .
i ve already worked a scene today , and this is your turf .
he cringes a little worried that he may be treading on the wrong turf with his boss .
this is werewolf territory , and vamps do nt mess with us if they can avoid it , especially on our home turf .
you really think the three of us ca nt outsmart a couple of mohiri on our home turf ?
alright , so you re a little pissed that we invaded your turf .
he does nt like things going wrong on his turf .
faking being into the dance groove , joe noticed that two other guys appeared to be muscling in on his turf .
not on our turf .
i guess its because you re on my turf now .
we are on his turf now .
we were nt clear yet , but we were out of the alley and headed for our own turf .
they wanted to corner me on their own turf .
apparently , leslie , unsuccessful over the past month at reaching him on the telephone , had decided to risk an unannounced visit on his turf .
its suicide to face the fharese on their own turf .
sort of like a dog and fire hydrant ya got ta mark your turf .
worse still for me , and that means for you too , i have to explain what the hell we are doing killing our own people , on our own turf , when they threatened no one except a bunch of bad guys we would rather see dead !
five or six different factions fought it out for his turf , and the streets had literally run red with their blood .
this was a classic turf battle , and he needed to get on top of it before valientes goons showed up with machine guns .
for all its exotic charms , costa rica had nt been his cup of tea and he was glad to be back on home turf .
the sinaloa cartel was one of the most powerful in the world , and for some time had nurtured aspirations of expanding its lethal tentacles into jalisco , the neighboring state to the south salazars home turf .
this is the deads turf , guns or not this was going to be hard if not impossible to get out with all the numbers who came in .
chapeltown ; home to immigrants , legal and otherwise , turf of at least three gangs constantly fighting over the drug trade .
first , that you do not carry out operations on our turf , and by that i mean switzerland .
he had the facts filed away in his mind ; the unemployment and crime statistics ; those half hidden hints of controversy or discord and he understood about gangs and turf wars and who was who .
green light a nineteen year old woman is gunned down in a queens car park , the latest victim in a brutal gang turf war that goes back almost a century .
being the alpha theta basketball coach was a chance for me to interact with the opposite sex on my own turf , so to speakbe in my elementsince if i knew anything , i knew basketball .
if i did show up on their turf , trying to be nice and social , they stopped whatever they were doing and fled the scene before i could open my mouth .
some empty beer cans tumbled across the sidewalk , and a wide - eyed raccoon stood right in front of us , looking like we were invading its turf .
papa said they were too close to our turf !
she also figured out that nasa was a hotbed of careerists , all protecting their own turf .
had rufus gotten the fbi call as a way to ratchet up the pressure on me to take care of nettie on my home turf ?
you re on my turf , here , agent blaine .
this warehouse is on my old turf .
the sheriffs department , on the other hand , had no problem busting service people on county turf .
this was wheelan 's turf and i did n't want to give him time to prepare an ambush .
and now jessica was finally on his turf , other side of the story .
it was a mixed group , some local panamanians who seemed well dressed and somewhat out of their element in this part of town , some rather sleazy types who looked as if they got turned away from the fancy casinos down in the capital on a regular basis , and a great many gringos who looked like off - duty soldiers on three - day passes who had come from the zone to let off some steam away from their home turf .
he had been called in by those up the food chain to give evidence why the gendarmerie felt the death was on their turf .
my guess was he d decided he d get more by interviewing me on his turf , without time constraints .
morning donuts were a part of his turf .
in doing so , he felt the immense pride that all the other new york policemen tended to feel every day they patrolled their turf and flashed their metal badges at the citys generally calm and obeisant citizens .
he said you d protect your turf .
these murderous gangsters were trying to eliminate me , or at the very least scare me off their turf .
they have their own jargon , their gang colours and their own turf , and we pay for their protection .
you have this picture of masculinity that requires you protect everybody and defend your turf , she chastised him .
these people were on her turf , and they were invading her space !
whisper was nt used to people coming on his turf who were nt afraid of him .
i m gon na distribute your description and make it clear that if you turn up on their turf a most unfriendly reception is owing .
although some said they had never seen a man like that on their turf .
this is his turf .
they were defending their turf .
rough area , high crime , floozy hangout , drug ridden , homicides , gang turf .
he may have been on jorans turf , but he needed to convey the impression that he was in charge .
he also wondered if he was doing the right thing by sending this young man into the gangs home turf .
understandably , the locals were protective of their turf .
confronted with the moral dilemma of whether to defend his turf or to eat , the dog made the only sensible choice .
this was her turf , she knew the labyrinth of the college back entrances .
impudence wo nt serve you well while you re on my turf under my terms .
how are the locals going to take me invading their turf ?
unknown to police commissioner manning , devereux plays by his own rules , at least he has since his wife and daughter were killed by rival mobs in a shootout over turf .
some micks at the door sean long and francis o'meara have to be careful : they 're not on their own turf anymore .
this place is next to his turf .
they took nothing for granted and defended their turf with an aggressive passion the police were afraid of .
` ` you think he 's going to give you permission to go after his father on his own turf ? ''
` ` this is our turf , as the locals say , '' he smiled .
most believed he did things covertly to keep his system of earning confidential so as to impede others from infringing upon his turf .
the liquor and being on his home turf , or at least his own little island of security , was doing wonders for sal and he was starting to regain his cockiness .
now mr . wendelsons will was only validated by the actual completion of the wendelson building , and it is clear that having achieved his goal of constructing the worlds tallest building , the last thing that mr . wendelson wanted to see was any upstart , what shall we say , johnny - come - lately , i rather like that expression , muscling in on his turf - is nt that another expression that you british use ?
he was going to hunt down the terrorist on the terrorists turf .
they followed ozzie and the colonel to a small area on the front lawn , where it was explained that this was their turf for the trial .
the guy was a cop on his own turf .
anybody coming after reek on their turf would get hurt .
they were on somebody else 's turf .
but his pace quickened slightly and they were soon inside , on somewhat safer turf .
i got careless one day , got away from my turf , and the rival gang jumped me .
this was his turf .
her boss was jackson feldman , and he was the executive editor , and this was her turf , and she did n't take any crap off anyone but mr . feldman .
but this was her turf .
he hated the press , and this willingness to talk on their turf and under their gun meant only one thing - he would point the finger at someone else .
but tulsa was familiar turf , and before long he was back in the strip clubs and bars , where he bought drinks for everyone and tipped the girls thousands of dollars .
he 's not obsessed with his turf he no hoover .
` ` she was onyour turf and did n't give a damn who knew it .
they 're moving into our turf . ''
these were trained male attack dogs , each with its own territory , which was constantly urinated upon , forever its own turf .
` ` that 's a crock of paranoia -- '' ` ` almost my words , but this is his turf , not ours .
he walked through it and tried his best to appear as if this was his turf .
she imagined this scene : a huge , empty federal courtroom in new orleans with the doors locked and two marshals guarding it ; mark on the witness stand ; foltrigg in all his glory strutting around on his home turf , prancing back and forth for the benefit of his little assistants and perhaps an fbi agent or two ; the judge in a black robe .
he was on their turf .
they 'll be too scared not to show up here monday morning , on our turf , wally .
it 's time we got these people down here , on our turf , in our courtroom , in front of our people , and made them talk .
looks like the kid strung them along until he got to the hospital , and at that point he was on home turf .
' i think i do ; the thrust of my argument being that no one fights better for his own turf than he who lives on it , depends on it ...
it 's not your ... turf , my darling . '
the room was protected turf , a sanctuary for those lawyers talented and ambitious enough to be called partners in the quiet bendini firm .
he hated the place - hated it for all the assholes who were members , hated it because he could not join , hated it because it was the van horns ' turf and they wanted him to feel like a trespasser .
i ca n't but you can - goddamn it , it 's your turf ! ''
sandy was indeed on foreign turf .
sandy was ready to leave , to return to his office with the aricia mess and sort it out on his own turf .
if i move an inch or two , then i ' m on somebody else 's turf and there 's a fight .
this is his turf , and he wants it done just so .
i ' m trying desperately to act cool in spite of being on strange turf and surrounded by enemies .
but i leave this place just before two , never to return , loaded with fresh documents for deck to scour , secure in the knowledge that now these assholes will be forced to come to my turf and give their depositions in my courtroom , with my judge nearby .
as she drove herman home he explained that he 'd be spending the next two weeks in a motel room , on strange turf , without her around .
todd ringwald was of the firm opinion that the meeting should take place in hoppy 's office , on his turf where jimmy hull moke would be caught off guard .
every inch was his turf , every corner had a story , every street had a history .
they move slowly over familiar terrain , day after day , stopping to talk to each other because time means little , stopping to watch a stalled car in traffic , a new drug dealer on a corner , a strange face on their turf .
it was cloudy , quite cool for may , and as he toured his old turf , killing time until the appointed hour , he tried to dwell on the good memories from clanton .
once he was on his turf again , things would become clearer .
known simply as the bottoms , it had long been the turf of late - night drag racers , boozers , ruffians , and hell - raisers in general .
far enough south of their own turf to act a little circumspect .
he figured he could establish some dominance by keeping the others off balance , by denying them any kind of thinking time , and by bringing them to his own turf , not that he would want anyone to think that a shitty flophouse room in nebraska was his kind of place .
the only reason the ace boy and whizbang had been on their turf in the first place was that he had just broken up with this extremely nice , or at least moderately nice , resident of malibu , ms . brooke greer , a screenwriter greatly esteemed within her genre , the action adventurecromantic comedy , also a person of remarkable wit , insight , and bodily charm , and as he sped homeward down the handsome stretch of the pacific coast highway below the malibu canyon exit he yielded to an uncharacteristically edgy spell of gloom .
it was within friel 's power to give it to them since the park was surrounded on all sides by city turf , and because the first attempt made on the victim 's life had occurred within city jurisdiction .
if this was southie , the gusties ' home turf , it would n't have been surprising , but the fact that they 'd crossed the city and spread their ranks made danny wonder if he could honestly answer the shouts of ` ` who will protect us ? ''
underground , it 's their turf , and if we go down , we 're inviting an attack .
i knew which parts of the fringe were gang turf and had avoided them like the plague .
` ` shoulda thought of that before you came through our turf , pet . ''
as a street rat , i 'd had the underground tunnels below the city as my turf , my secret passageways , the hidden road that let me slip through the districts unseen .
i knew this place ; it was kyle 's turf , the rivals of my old crew .
how could a vampire and his mortal girlfriend fend off a gang of sauced - up criminals or delinquent teens defending their turf ?
the bullies who believed they owned the turf , and anyone who dared to walk in their territory had to pay a price .
he knew the rain forest -- it was his home turf .
there was no question that the mass slaughter tonight on enforcement agency turf was dragos 's way of pissing on both the order and the agency at the same time .
if the order goes into their turf with guns blazing , you 'll be doing battle not only with dragos but with the entire vampire nation . ''
it was there that dragos had seemed to deliver the hardest hit , no doubt to flaunt his power in the warriors ' faces , unleashing unholy hell in the order 's home turf .
` ` we 're all a part of your turf , master . ''
` ` a few of us were going to go down and dig our own turf .
saladan was trying to muscle in on piscary 's turf now that the undead master vampire was put away for murder .
he 's moving in on piscary 's turf , and you brought me as backup knowing i would fight for your ass if things got out of control . ''
i would have been okay if i had n't also broken the more important rule number two : confronting an undead vamp on his own turf .
having spared us when they had us trapped on their own turf , i doubt they 'll come all the way up here to fight on our territory . ''
then you were on your attacker 's turf .
qhuinn 's room was the first they came to , but blay pressed on , thinking that something could finally be on his turf , his terms .
` ` in the meantime , '' wrath announced , ` ` i ' m going to go out and meet personally with the heads of the families , on their turf . ''
if he 'd thought fighting side by side with xhex was trouble , the idea of her trying to infiltrate the band of bastards on their home turf put him on the edge of a seizure .
she had spent the entire day on xcor 's home turf , never getting closer than a quarter mile away : the male 's grid had been clear to her as soon as she 'd gotten within range , and she 'd been careful to get beads on those of his soldiers as well before she 'd headed north to the mansion and reported to the king .
fate knew that if you went for the moral types , humans were like bees streaming out of a hive to protect their turf , but the violators ?
not here , not at the directorate , but somewhere on his turf , on his terms .
al is hot for my soul again , and the last thing i need to do is get on his turf , so forget it . ''
ivy was already halfway up the walk , anxious to be on her own turf where she had her ironclad ways of coping .
taking a deep breath for courage , he opened his eyes to face the devil on his own turf .
this was the kind of existence those vampires tried to claim ; maybe this was the kind of place they 'd stake their turf .
to penetrate cruor - the turf of those evil spirits , where they were at their strongest - was a herculean feat in itself .
this was his turf , or at least mab monroe 's turf , and i had no doubt the fire elemental would let jake do whatever he wanted to with me - if i did n't take care of him first before he could sound the alarm .
mab looked at phillip kincaid first , since the riverboat was his gin joint , giving him the courtesy of at least pretending to defer to him on his home turf .
there 's no way you 're getting close to the fire elemental on her own turf .
she was going to lure all the crime bosses onto her turf , ply them with food and booze , then turn on the waterworks when they were too drunk and full to defend themselves .
for the bosses , hiring them was a way to keep the rest of their underlings in line and hold on to their turf .
no , i think that it 's time for grimes to play on our turf - and on our terms . ''
he did n't like being so openly and directly challenged , especially not on his home turf .
` ` this here '' - the beefier bravo stomped his foot in case i failed to get his point - ` ` is our fucking turf .
` ` you 're poaching on our turf . ''
i sleep here when i get word some new blood decides they want to take over my turf . ''
` ` because it was on my turf . ''
not surprising , given we were n't on my turf .
the fact candy had lived in los angeles went a little way to explain why she might be into vampires , since the city of angels was vampire turf .
so far the steel mary had left his skid marks in five cities : miami , fort lauderdale , jacksonville , savannah - hit my home turf and i did n't even know it - and finally atlanta .
` ` actually it 's my turf . ''
` ` you 're on my turf now .
i could respect that , but it was still daunting to know i was to meet one of my co - rulers , to go onto his turf .
the prince of hell had been glamoured on my plane , so here , on their home turf , i 'd expected to see the demons in their truest forms .
there was no doubt she had ulterior motives for wanting me on her home turf , so we had to prepare .
` ` i ' ve taken all the back roads i can , and when we 're on my turf , we have a chance to fight or outrun anyone .
going down to fight a beast on its own turf . ''
it 's thoir turf and thoy 'll fight for it . ''
but to gus , this was liko watching his turf going up in flamos .
but ho had spont onough timo in hospitals to considor this his homo turf .
the moxican gangbangor would never be mado to loavo his turf ; indood , ho would blow it all up boforo allowing that to happon .
for months now , ho had boon mixing it up with bloodsuckors on his old turf , just fighting to stay alivo and froo .
gus wanted to stay and slay ovory singlo bloodsuckor who had dared invado his turf .
my heart goes into me mouth , but it ai n't the police , no , it 's two of the shanky boys , the gang who owns the turf on the east side of ours .
` ` our turf 's where we says it is and i says this ' ere 's our drunkard , so get off him .
they were led by the despicable pigger o'toole , and their kip was the bottom floor of a condemned building on paternoster lane , the area around saint paul 's cathedral bein ' their turf .
no , it was pigger 's crew that was the problem , them havin ' a prime piece of turf but always greedy for more .
` ` we 're gettin ' right close to shanky turf here , y'know , '' i says , lookin ' around for signs o ' the scum .
i am not content to wait a week and a half to pop up in new york ... with emma safely stuck on an la publicity tour with reid , it 's the perfect time to pay a friendly impromptu visit to graham 's home turf .
if it ai n't our wicked little schoolgirl , back on my turf . ''
as the battle subsides , i whisper in his ear , ` ` stay out of my turf , warren , or you will regret it ! ''
` ` ok , so you each started trespassing on one another 's turf , is that what you 're saying ? ''
we were on his home turf , and i let him drag me into an alley i 'd never seen before .
she was in arturo taccone 's favorite room , but in every way that really mattered , kat was back on her home turf .
i mean , i want to confront him and everything but i ' m not sure i want to do it on his turf .
but get me on my own turf and i know all there is to know about the city and how to maneuver in it .
some people call chicago a jungle , but it 's my jungle and my turf .
if kingston and his friends saw me sauntering casually across their turf in a very blatant show of screw you , kingston , what are you gon na do about it ?
` ` i suggest you meet your friend on his turf or i 'll have to get your parents involved .
i ca n't fathom fighting the whole planet of mogadore on their own turf .
i am very familiar with this part of the city , for as soon as i set foot on ludgate , i am back in cheapside , and on the turf of the old rooster charlie gang , of which i was once a proud and , i think , useful member .
` ` go back to your own turf and leave this shit - hole to us . ''
some streets are safer than others , but here , in the warehouse , rivals know it 's our sacred turf .
you disrespect our turf , we disrespect yours .
the street james lives on is unregulated turf : a series of abandoned office buildings crammed together , leftovers from our old lives .
after having been on the other side of the monarchy the last time i was here , i was a little bit excited to take over the reins and test out my authority on this turf .
` ` we happened to get stranded on my turf , '' i say .
i wondered if tristan really had only been infatuated with me because of seth , like his turf was being threatened or something .
and war n't there a whole lot of drunkards who regretted passin ' out on our turf , with us swarmin ' over 'em as soon as they hit the cobblestones ?
when i walked the halls of jackson hole high , the other students looked at me with careful disinterest , not entirely hostile , but definitely like i was an intruder on their turf .
i decide to not worry about the future and to fully enjoy the ride back here on my home turf , so i chatter merrily as we ride along , pointing out this and that .
and sometimes she would come down to our turf to scout out the orphans in our neighborhood - recruiting , like .
knowing that things will get political very soon with battles over turf down below decks , maggie and i had circulated through the bunch of uncommitted felons to find what we thought were the best of the lot and let them join with us .
after a short ride through the seedier parts of the city - yes , i know , your ` ` beloved old turf '' -we arrived at the side of a fat merchant ship and we shuffled onboard , hands manacled , fetters on our feet .
` ` you can fight on your own turf and own time , not mine . ''
and by the way , that comment puts you deep in brat turf . ''
el cielo might be kai 's turf , but tonight i was strong enough to meet him on it .
vietnam had a long history of being invaded and repelling those that transgressed on her turf .
they had just bought fifty - five hundred huey helicopters from bell , located in texas , lbjs home turf by the way .
you are down here for questioning and please remember , you are on his turf and as long as he is fixated on you , you have to be careful .
my staff will not interfere in your defense of your turf .
it reminded me of that particular purr of warning my cat would use if it saw a rival kitty crossing its turf .
once they were on his turf , he would set this phillip nash straight .
it seems were trespassing on their turf .
out here , you re on my turf .
so other vampires are trying to butt in on your turf .
no one protected their turf because there was no turf to protect .
blow up an american pipeline on an english proxy state and blame it on her historical rival who also had a claim to the frozen turf .
shoot , all we d need to do is tell the american audience canada was open for expansion and i bet before you knew it we d have a million beaver - hunters scouring their frozen turf in search of the american dream .
you wan na work my turf , you either work for me , or you pay dues .
it seemed obvious to me that , whatever we decided , we would be better off if we were not playing on his turf .
you re on my turf .
he ran the grounds of the manor , the gardeners dogs ran with him , doberman 's , they always stopped at their trained limits and returned to their turf .
three i figured after a few minutes that i could just go home and call holly back again , from a place with privacy , on my own turf , really talk this out .
well , you seem to be the only one besides myself showing any kind of feeling about her murder , and it did happen on your turf , as you yourself said ...
he seemed a little more casual , less stern now that he was in his home turf .
you re on my turf now , buddy , so suck it up .
` ` demons are flocking like birds at the chance of finally getting into the anointeds ' home turf . ''
she passed a brick building with graffiti painted all over it , including a strange looking insignia which was probably a turf mark for a local gang .
he also knows were coming for him and believes hell win this fight , especially on his own turf .
if our enemies were going to try something they would never do it while we are on their turf .
melercertis is in his own element and the atlanteans are on his turf .
never know when some vampire scum will try to horn in on our turf .
a lot of them are in the gang turfs coming out of this industrial area , but there have been pockets of violence and isolated incidences all over the city .
i would n't say that unseelie bad guys were hiding in the bushes , but i was pretty sure that if i called up detective alvera and said that princess meredith was about to be killed on his turf , they 'd send help .
if you 're going to attack a brownie never do it on their home turf .
he did n't try anything on their turf and in person for mundane reasons - dna and forensic evidence could tie him to the scene .
yet it did n't seem like a good idea to defy a god , even a small one , on his home turf .
the location was some six miles away in a town called malden , which made sense -- the cops in southie were obviously dunzo with having fights on their turf .
going by jim 's frown , it was pretty clear what he was doing on the compy : he was searching for info on that girl devina had murdered , desecrated , and hung upside down in that tub back in caldwell -- the virgin girl who had been sacrificed to protect the demon 's turf .
it 's not their turf .
` ` my own turf ? ''
i want to destroy his home turf , disrupt his operations .
he fell backward , and i fired again , still not trusting gentry healing on their own turf .
we 're on her turf , so i talked her into going in on the final kill with me .
if further proof were needed of her inability to think through consequences , she had challenged krystal on her home turf , where krystal had back - up and she had none .
` ` this is my turf , '' a voice behind her said .
` ` i walked this way to be alone , so maybe you 're on my turf . ''
` ` we 're going to go after these hunters here on our own turf . ''
` ` yet now we 're going to trust max to tell us where to find the hunters , where to find his father , so we can attack them on their own turf .
since i was coming onto their turf , i went ahead and spoke first .
not hard to imagine he would see my plans as a direct threat to his turf . ''
` ` none of this would have happened if you had n't decided to build on bane 's turf . ''
` ` here or on their turf ? ''
the nobles were not very keen on this change , and looked to protect their turf .
on his way to the stage , john finerty stopped to exchange greetings and make a passing mention of his desire to take the fight out east , to devoys home turf .
over time my interest in the tumultuous history of this area grew , and when i began to sell my westerns to various publishers , i set a new goal of writing a series set on my home turf , featuring a family like mine might have been back in the tumultuous times when this part of the country was first being settled .
to show up at the coffee shop , on her turf , spoke volumes about the lengths he was willing to go .
once we were on my home turf i was sure she could feel it as clearly as i : something was wrong with the world .
like when its dark , or he s on his own turf or near it , like the woods near the house .
would not let them dine on the death of uncle vincent , nor sup upon the bitter heartbreak over angelos loss of bianca , nor feast upon the bones of those innocent souls he had sent to an early grave during the gambaro turf wars .
many of them were military personnel themselves , though none had come directly from here to them i am certain this must feel like home turf , familiar ground , a reminder of better days .
one of the homes she resided in was near the citys waterfront on the west side - once home turf to the valdis family .
this was his home turf , and as they passed each familiar landmark - the freneau lobster pound two miles east of the state line motel , shaky 's tastee freeze across from it , the statue of general joshua chamberlain in the tiny turnbull town square - he felt more and more like a man having a vivid dream .
but davey would have to enter lord loss 's world and fight the demon master on his home turf .
` ` no serial killing on your turf , period . ''
` ` i want you to go down to check out owen huntly on his own turf , and i want you to investigate him thoroughly . ''
the stoops was timmys home turf , and he knew it like the back of his hand .
i ve pissed in there many a time myself to mark my fucking turf .
a short but extortionate taxi ride away and merlot was back on his home turf , in his comfort zone ; his strained umbilicus was no longer twanging at snapping point and he felt like he might even survive the night .
he would then look at me as though to say ah cmon dad , i really need to mark my turf you know .
maybe it has something to do with them marking their turf .
just defending my turf , shell be on the web naked before i am , if i ever am . ''
i decided to stick it out , defend my turf , and continue my loner life , oblivious of other people .
the colonel hated the idea of giving even an iota of power to anyone outside the guard elite assassination corps , and especially to a diplomat , but his better judgment told him he had to rely on someone who had experience dealing with the american infidels on their home turf , this playground of all that was unholy and morally twisted in the world ; this festering swamp of gluttonous mange that infected the planet , the lowly place ultimately destined to serve as training ground for that more perfect playground festooned with fortyvirginsforever for every true believer .
gale sounded worse than she was , just acting up a little , establishing her turf in the operation , trying to impress sody with a kind of toughness so he would cast her in some role .
that , and the fact he was the man in the car , not to mention the person on home turf .
henry 's chief will want to be in charge of who knows what and when they know it , i think , and since i ' m on her turf i guess i 'd better be careful what i tell you for now . ''
he was so motivated to avenge the death of his friend apollo that he traveled all the way over to moscow to fight ivan on his own turf , on christmas day !
he was on his own turf now .
it strikes me that this office is an impersonal battlefield : advantage to tsunamoto ; it is his turf .
plus , this is your turf .
so all that had been a piece of cake compared to boarding a plane to meet a stranger on unfamiliar turf who was your biological mother .
snellys piercing gaze was just one of the reasons why riders who boarded his bus were very well - behaved , even hardened gang members catching a ride from one point of their turf to another , even if minutes earlier they d trashed another bus and terrorized the passengers and driver .
spending time with dane on his turf and even shopping with vivian had given her hope that they might find common ground .
apart from certain areas where we knew that , if we entered , we were under threat from enemy gangs , we were safe in the familiarity of being on our own turf .
it was as if he was on his own turf and no one , other than cops , would dare take him on there .
he was back on familiar turf .
he was always very careful not to step on the turf of the american mafia .
you re on my turf now , sergeant .
but before you make up your mind , consider this , if i were an evil murderer , do you honestly think challenging me on my own turf with my own weapon so close at hand , was a wise thing to do ? ''
when she was on her home turf in the north end or on beacon hill she would usually plow straight ahead , ignoring oncoming pedestrians .
darren was on his home turf and knew that colin would have to try something outrageous in order to leverage more than the nine thousand dollar payout from darren .
head of station and the four other area gendarmeries was captain tobias poullain , thirty seven , locally born but now just biding time by tending provincial turf ; advancement meant transfer to aix en provence or marseille and a city administrative position with a shot at colonel , and poullain hoped to make it there by forty .
delilah was quick to establish her turf , and suggested she could expand the arts and entertainment section of the paper with more profiles of local artists .
randy punched his fist into his hand showing chris he was ready to defend his turf .
you step on our turf and its war .
i hope that is only because the chief is protecting his turf and not because he has any evidence incriminating mr . trent .
did nt know this was part of your turf .
me , i wondered why she would drag current boyfriend back to the home turf of previous boyfriend .
by planting the evidence on my home turf he had deflected all attention onto me for now , but he would explode again and thus reveal himself in all his raw nakednessand the police would have to recognize the parallels .
not when it is on your own turf , as it were .
then of course there are the hundred other gangs dotted all over london plus then the other hundreds of people who have got annoyed with jamie over some business deal , or fought out turf wars and settled old scores actually inside jamies clubs .
what had been my turf , before i was let go , was 1500 miles to the east .
something about pride , boundaries , territory , jurisdiction , turf .
he hoped he was right that they could n't come out , but even if they did , he had the sword , and the sunlight was his turf .
god had ordered him to call out these heretics on their own turf , and so each afternoon during revival week !
in fact , he thought the move to shakespeare had been conceived by tamsin , who believed a small town 's less experienced and sophisticated police department would not be able to solve any crimes committed on its turf , provided the criminal was clever .
that body had been hidden on the street i considered my turf .
the countryside is beautiful , the people seemingly friendly until you want to take over their turf , and it 's not too far from san francisco , my home base .
then , when i met t - shawn and split and the boys , the streets became our livelihood , our life , our turf .
it 's like they were expecting me , and when a dodgy bar in cincinnati is expecting you , you know you 're on someone else 's turf .
like we were on his turf again .
i felt so much safer being back in america , back on my home turf , but i would n't dare let myself relax .
being on his turf was a change , and it gave her a touch of comfort to know that dr .
` ` must be trying to claim her turf , '' alex said in a gee whiz voice .
i had a gut feeling that by seeing jessica on her terms and her turf , monica would be walking into more than she could handle .
-my studio in culver city , then ? - i loved how she managed to keep it on her turf .
i thought they should get a head 's up and not be confronted with me on their turf until they had time to prepare .
hawk wasted no time and got a lock on the slavery ring and the sister and it was sheer luck she was in denver , hawk 's home turf .
we parole it and if there 's a dealer or bitch on our turf , we do n't call the cops but we do take measures to remove them . ''
` ` we started seeing each other when i was fifteen and stayed together until four years ago and it was over when he took seven bullets from a rival dealer who wanted ronnie 's turf .
he protected their turf , gave them a high percentage of their take , they got roughed up or knocked up , he took care of their medical bills and he never took freebies .
business is boomin ' , my man , and he wanted more turf .
whoever thought of trying to sell shit on his turf would have to pay their dues .
` ` i ' m on your turf , tiny .
since the death of lash 's and nash 's parents over turf , tiny had done everything he could to make the town safe .
they 're fighting for turf and for a chance to get into fort wills .
hitting us on our turf and trying to take our town away , he 's reaching out to the sheriff .
the lions were threatening their turf , but they had n't killed any of their members .
she 'd tried so hard to keep him at a distance , to keep things on her own turf , that she had n't bothered to find out his address .
not riding into a drug cartel 's turf .
it was nt on her turf but who cares she thought as long as the opportunity presented its self , she was going to take it with both hands .
no one was going to try and compete in the dancing circuit on my turf .
at least she would be dealing with the snake on her own turf .
she s clearly surprised , and even though i m pretty sure she was completely willing to leave me alone for good after her run - in with becca , i m on her turf now , and possibly even getting closer to bryson as a result .
i want to be on my own turf , just in case i need to storm out .
this was her turf , and it was far from the wealthy , sterile world of banking .
who s a long way from the ivy league now , and on the home turf of miss rebecca coles .
two days of gorgeous women invading her turf was all she needed to play rough .
this was her turf .
anyway that particular saturday , way back when jade was the new face in the store , the stock crew happened to be talking about the cute new girl in the cafe when she drifted into our turf .
i mean , anybody can be kind and compassionate towards people in their home turf but it takes a special person to feel for others who are strangers .
but going to this party was stepping onto their turf and into their private lives , lives in which they were surrounded by their families and customs ; lives that were through and through mortal .
it means you get to go home and carry on the investigation on your own turf .
defending his turf was a fundamental core value .
the peak , as most of the citizens used , was his turf until the powers - that - be decided he and rachel were done with each other .
` ` for the love of mike , why the hell do we have to pick a spot in outer mongolia as our ` ` turf '' ?
as long as they were far away from her own turf they were much less likely to be spotted .
they were moving in on my turf .
why does every man in business have to reinforce his dominance the way a tom cat sprays every blooming plant in the yard to mark his turf ?
` ` this is your turf , cass .
she was on his turf , at his mercy .
` ` if i come onto your turf , we 'll order dinner and i 'll buy- '' julie did n't allow him to finish .
i started to envision a plan for tonight , one where we were on my turf and i was in charge .
i ' m pretty sure that dealer visits her every week , like , staking out his turf so no one messes with her .
and he damn sure was n't having this confrontation on their turf .
` ` fucking drug dealers went to war over turf .
not under his nose , on his turf .
she 'd walk barefoot over broken glass to get what she required before she 'd have breakfast with him on his turf .
focus on the fact that he 's invading your turf .
we 'll fight on our terms , our turf . ''
luce laughed under her breath as she imagined arriane collecting the bumper stickers indiscriminately ( mean people rule ... my daughter is an f student at sword and cross ... vote no on prop 666 ) , then slapping them with a haphazard - but committed - focus onto her turf .
i do n't want to lure lattimer on his own turf .
he 's not barging onto my turf and taking over . ''
our closest rival , golden gate promotions , is encroaching on our turf and not above using underhanded methods to steal our accounts . ''
seeing the alchemists on ` ` our turf ' added an extra element of intrigue .
the idea of carina suddenly challenging his decisions the moment she landed on his turf fascinated the hell out of him .
it was odd how much he looked forward to seeing her on his own turf .
she refused to have an attack on her own turf .
get her on your home turf with the lure of poetry .
only inches separated their mouths and the urge to rise on her toes and kiss him tugged at her , but this was his turf , not hers .
no one hunted him on his own turf .
` ` mouton made the mistake of stepping onto our turf .
here on his turf , in his bed , under his control , she 'd have no place to hide .
he was on her turf now , and she did n't run easily .
but they 'd always met on his turf .
` ` i got this , '' i simply replied ` ` i ' m hoping you know something i do n't know because not only are we about to confront a bunch of voodoo spirits but we 're also going to do it on their turf .
oh , he 'd always been capable of the alpha male bit , had never liked another guy sniffing around his turf , but this was ... different .
but since you want us to be clear , if you do come by , you 'll be on my turf .
we 'll eat on my turf . ''
she was n't sure why she suddenly quaked with uncertainty , but now that she was on his turf , doubt niggled at her .
pop was disgruntled that he had n't picked a classier spot , but then , from what he 'd seen , lyric was n't the epitome of class , and if he was going to be forced to endure this meeting , then she could damn well come to him on his turf .
` ` that 's your turf , man . ''
they ' ve had a running battle for years because mardi gras kept encroaching on our turf by under - bidding us on an assortment of contracts .
this was her battle and she 'd win it on her turf and her terms .
* * * * hannah craig stopped and stared as dex townsend walked out of gavin 's office and into the grand reception area she liked to consider her turf .
this street had been her home turf for more than six years .
he was a cop ; she understood that he was more comfortable armed than unarmed , especially when he was n't on his own turf .
he would have morgan to himself , on his turf , where he could devote hours to her seduction and his revenge .
why else had he come in such close range , onto the target 's turf , eschewing his silencer , rather than waiting on the high - rise across the street until she walked into the parking lot ?
his partner at the time was the only one who witnessed the shooting deep in south dallas gang turf .
now she was on his turf , playing by his terms ... and heading for his bed again .
there was no telling if linda would be as easily put off once sam was on the woman 's home turf .
if she had to meet with him , at least she 'd be doing it on her turf , backed up by her staff .
ted had mentioned that she preferred to meet with clients on their turf rather than bringing them to polecat .
damn it all , she was a confident adult and this was her turf .
she told herself to be a man about it , to meet him head - to - head on his own turf .
she had told herself that in having him on her own turf , she would be able to manage the situation better , might , in fact , be able to actually control it .
when caroline was safely ensconced on her own turf , in her own domain , in her own home , she was obviously a different woman than the one she unleashed on the world .
not even on her own turf this way .
but coming to his office like this violated the first primal rule in the man handbook : you never challenge a man on his own turf unless you want to get your ass kicked from here to abu dhabi .
no , she had to face reality , which was bearing quentin 's child right here in carlyle , which was whittaker family home turf .
she knew he lived in nearby pacific heights , but she 'd never run into him on her home turf .