i guess you could say he did n't like me invading his turf . ''
this was turf she could understand , she told herself .
thankfully , sam had retreated from the room so it was only jessy to argue with and chloe was fairly certain the tiny woman would n't be much of an impediment to getting out of the house and away from sam 's charismatic turf .
this is my turf .
on his turf .
` ` the home turf advantage you mean . ''
this is your turf .
` ` i wanted to be on my turf when i said this .
` ` but next time , it will be on my turf .
that will be on my turf and terms . ''
a whole delegation had been summoned to said turf to discuss what she regretfully admitted were relevant and pressing matters .
` ` stay off my turf . ''
neither sibling objected to the discussion being on zane 's home turf .
he could n't deny the absolute pleasure he took on seeing her here in his office , on his turf .
* * * ` ` how long have you been hustling here on my turf , julia bell ?
i do n't want anyone else horning in on my turf , not after the trouble i had with charlie when i used to work for him in san francisco .
he 's pissed as hell that i dared to take one step toward ` ` his turf '' .
on ` ` his turf '' .
but since you showed up on my turf , my rules apply . ''
keep the riffraff off my turf or i mop the floor with all of you . ''
not my turf , despite the all - access pass i carried as primary shareholder of vidal records .
sheer glass was enough to shut one out , and demarcate the secret turf of each one 's love .
considering his size , he was probably a demon , or even a lykae - those animals had begun prowling the valkyries ' turf as bold as they pleased .
you guys came to our turf , remember ? ''
` ` the head vampire in vegas has a policy of free movement on his turf .
off your turf .
i could take lilla into custody now ; i could interrogate her on my turf .
i felt safer in my own turf than in hers , and it seemed aiden felt better with that arrangement too .
members were at the top of the heap because it was their turf , and even if it was n't , their demeanor tended to create insecurity in nobel laureates and proletariats alike .
their turf is n't nearly as well defended . ''
classic bureaucratic turf war . ''
but rebecca 's office was my turf .
he was on my turf . ''
you 'll show him whose turf this is and you 'll be fine . ''
` ` is n't it a little dangerous for you to be on edgington 's turf , unannounced ? ''
but we were on my turf now , and i had allies .
since i was off duty and off cadogan house turf , it was unlikely that i 'd need it and , more importantly , the act felt like a tiny rebellion .
which was good , because i did n't think he 'd approve of a late - night trip to visit our primary political enemy on his home turf .
nash did n't like being on ethan 's turf , in his office , where his brother was comfortable and had the advantage .
you want to let them inside , seal up the opening so they ca n't get back out , and deal with them on your own turf . ''
now , i sat in my cell and watched what everyone else in the alliance was watching - the newsfeeds concerning how ry , tory and i had been engaged in a drug turf war , trying to take down a rival for the drakus seed trade .
on her turf , in the dark , and we did n't talk about it outside of those boundaries .
i know i ' m pushing and probably making him uncomfortable since we 're on his dad 's turf , but i do n't really care .
you 're on my turf now girlie , '' maddlington declared .
you better get back over to your turf before you have trouble !
could be a false alarm , said charles hopefully , and anyway , do nt pretend you give a damn i do nt have real free - loaders on my turf said shane stiffly .
retracing her steps from last time beth found the heavy double doors to the quartermasters turf and punched the doorbell until a ted materialised to escort her .
my amusement at their hair - splitting turf wars faded when i found a passage arguing about the significance and meaning of each symbol .
` ` silver , we ' ve been assuming that this is some sort of gang turf war , that these nihilists sent the sisters packing because they do n't like troublemakers .
` ` oh , the hell with jurisdiction , '' melloy said , though she did n't sound entirely sincere ; how could she , given the battles she had fought over the most trivial threat to her turf ?
whether it was one of them or an aunt tilly , i had to defend my turf .
this meeting had best be on my time , on my turf .
gray had initially hoped it was hotel security thwarting the attack , but as the fighting grew in volume and severity , including spats of assault rifles and the chugging rattle of machine guns , he suspected this was a gangland turf war .
` ` there was a minor turf war between the ares-3 and ares-4 presupply control teams .
you re dissing my turf .
why are they moving in here on my turf ?
is that tree up on the hill their turf ?
and ... their turf ?
bit off your turf , heh ?
the russians in this area have never been strong and would have no desire to make a move on italian turf .
this is noda 's turf . ''
to james , revenge itself had become his turf .
the dhs protected americans on home turf and fit nicely with her aspirations .
it was part of the constant struggle between government agencies that were trying to protect their turf , their influence and their funding instead of being completely open with each other .
` ` i told you clowns about trying to cut in on my turf !
this is our turf .
i know the turf .
the turf pub is just behind it .
nice of you to meet me on my turf , said louie .
dilbert road is the border between the irish westside dominated turf and the italians in the south .
at the moment there 's no offical ' war ' between the irish and italians , but encroachment of turf could end all that .
linda may be in trouble , but this was josie 's turf .
he would n't want to infringe on the turf of a potential contributor to his campaign war chest , i assumed .
he had promised himself he would n't fight turf wars with these guys .
miss cameron has invaded the traditionally male turf of real estate developers and has proved that a woman can outshine them all . ''
but they were on lake 's turf , and as the issue dragged on it became evident that lake knew , far more than the governor .
his honor , the attorney general , steve roxburgh , had been banished to the middle of the table in an obvious losing battle over turf .
he 'd say it 's the agency 's turf , the agency 's decision as to what happens next , not mine .
there was n't hardly anything in his turf he did n't know about or could get info on at a moment 's notice .
these people were invading his turf .
` ` this thing may be foreign - oriented , but it 's domestic turf .
me , i got howitzers in the windows just to impress this neighborly turf of my friendly persuasion .
bribes , payoffs , campaign contributions , lobbying fees - it was all familiar turf for the broker .
` ` he 's never been to new orleans , '' foltrigg said with authority , as if he remembered every lawyer who dared to step on his turf .
did n't they teach you about turf in law school ?
' you 're doing your job and protecting your turf , i understand that . '
he 's securing his turf and that 's worth a minor risk . '
` ` this is not exactly my turf , '' clay said as he read the names of the firms .
they fought over everything - documents again , whether or not to press for a trial while ignoring a quick settlement , turf , false advertising , how to round up the other cases , expenses , fees .
it 's not my turf , frank .
` ` yes , it 's my turf and it 'll be done my way because i have both the authority and the responsibility , and my judgment calls are n't based on obstinacy or a desire to stamp my own imprimatur on anything . ''
derrick figured he 'd have the upper hand if the rendezvous occurred on his turf .
` ` but if you know so much , you 'll know that it was far from my usual turf . ''
if you ' ve got multiple agents covering the same turf , we risk stepping all over each other and blowing the whole thing . ''
` ` it has to be here , on my turf . ''
we do n't need a fucking turf war .
but because he 's infringing on my turf down there , the boys in new york gave us permission to push him out . ''
` ` more topsiders , coming down to crowd our turf ? ''
she'l be crawling out soon , because she'l want to deal with this on her turf and i ' ve threatened to leave .
what the hell do you want out here on enforcement agency turf , warrior ? ''
of course she was going to let him take the lead , submitting to what he wanted , because sex was his home turf .
no more petty conflicts over turf .
` ` it 's just my clinical opinion - believe me , i ca n't wait to get you the fuck off my turf . ''
rogues were basically savages , and it was n't unheard of that they took one another out over turf or petty disagreements .
instead of the expected turf war , with cincy 's secondary vampires struggling to assert their dominance , a new master vampire had stepped in from out of state , one so charismatic that no one rose to challenge him .
this is their turf , after al .
` ` i do n't care what kind of bigwig you are down there '' - she jerked her head contemptuously at the city of lights - ` ` you 're on my turf behind this fence .
the vampaneze who came with me would have been heroes - they 'd broken none of their own laws , except trespassing on vampire turf - but me , a man who 'd betrayed his own ? ''
` ` that 's my turf , buddy . ''
this was his turf , or at least mab monroe 's turf , and i had no doubt the fire elemental would let jake do whatever he wanted to with me - if i did n't take care of him first before he could sound the alarm .
but we were on my turf .
being on mage turf did n't make another attack impossible , but it made it a hell of a lot less likely .
since he 'd left , i 'd worked very hard to keep my mind on less complicated subjects , like prophecies and turf wars with werewolves .
the nymphs usually did n't take kindly to other hot chicks getting male attention on their turf .
` ` it 's our turf , '' the younger woman barked .
in my apartment , he 'd have a harder time maneuvering and i 'd have the home turf advantage .
` ` this is our turf , you freak .
you have killed on my turf . ''
but stay off my turf horo .
toby oyster 's crew had the turf to the west of us , on tudor , but we was always all right with them - even joined up and shared our turf sometimes when times was good , like when the big fairs came to town - and way to the north was fagin 's crew of pickpockets , but charlie was tight with the dodger , fagin 's head boy , so we got along .
toby oyster 's crew had the turf to the west of us , on tudor , but we was always all right with them - even joined up and shared our turf sometimes when times was good , like when the big fairs came to town - and way to the north was fagin 's crew of pickpockets , but charlie was tight with the dodger , fagin 's head boy , so we got along .
i stepped to the side as the furious miss j. stormed up to the captain , demanding that he explain what the hell he was doing here on ` ` her turf , '' as she put it , and ` ` furthermore , what news do you have of a certain mr . james emerson fletcher ? ''
` ` you 're on my home turf now , gallagher girl . ''
on your own turf you have the upper hand .
the benbow is n't an elegant place , but i wanted us to meet there for it is not on jaimy 's turf , but rather on mine , 'cause we ' ve got to get some things worked out .
i know what 's happenin ' on my turf , i do .
i 'll go home , you go home , and i 'll never come back to your turf again , ok ? ''
meeting my grandmother on her own turf is like facing an unknown team in a playoff game .
your turf is the entire rest of the house .
` ` sure , i get that and do n't disagree , '' answered anderson , ` ` but i do n't have time for politics or turf battles .
that s my turf .
and when honeybee joined , i did nt wan na just butt in on her turf .
so you re not cutting in on our turf ?
the other reason it was trickier is because the front of the store was , as i mentioned , larrys turf ; he would stalk around and re - arrange the goods , keeping an eye scanning the customers , watching me or whoever was working up front make change during sales , and generally just make a nuisance of himself .
that s my turf !
then we talk to this clayton guy , see what his deal is greg butted in , brownings outside my turf , will , so i would nt have any authority there , as you well know .
this is cutter turf !
your study to happen on my turf !
and besides , this is our turf . ''
his insouciance on twila 's turf made me nervous , as jesse had been clear about what would happen if the demons pressed their claim ; and since i was under twila 's protection , her retaliation would be even worse .
` ` this is n't home turf for either of us . ''
' sorry , mr rob , but i ' m telling ye she had iron then , an ' she wuz on her ain turf .
what is it if not her ain turf ?
shorn of these fellow travellers , mere daytime people who had strayed out of their temporal turf , the true survivors of the night got down to the serious commerce of the dark .
bowing , reed showed his respect and appreciation for the courtesy uriel paid him by allowing him to investigate on australian turf .
last night she was in charge , but now , now we were on my turf and i was going to f**k her senseless .
she still might have to face that ugly reality , but better on her turf , after she '' d had time to process her reckless rush into passion .
and bullies do n't like anyone in their turf who can challenge them .
` ` not so fast ... '' nash took my hand , protecting his turf .
the eastside is my turf . ''
on my turf .
at this point , according to the editor of the times : seemingly nonplussed by the return of the wizards ' famous man of the forest , shank essayed another attempt at the winning score , which was stopped one - handed by the librarian and effortlessly thrown back into united 's turf .
the television reporters were speculating that fulton blankenship and his felonious associates may have been kidnapped and murdered in an ongoing drug turf war .
` ` okay , so he 's building community projects on other covens ' turf , '' i said .
as it is i ' m going to have to do some fast talking so he does n't shut down the minute i bring a stranger onto his turf . ''
` ` it 's about principles ... and turf . ''
when it became clear bane was involved i figured he 'd tried to frame john because he 'd dared go after the sangs ' turf .
i went to him once this asshole announced plans to take over my turf . ''
if i asked her to pick me up , i would no doubt be surrendering any sort of dominion over my visit , which would already be dominated enough by her since it was on her turf .
no , the world of vampires had just been his turf to consolidate and expand .
i ' m safe here , on home turf .
because its happening on your turf ; you know how these people think .
so he decided to do what any good vacationer does when on foreign turf .
the smoky turf fire in the small room did n't help any and the flowers she 's insisted i eat so i could hear the ghosts had left a funny taste in my mouth .
corporate turf wars .
legitimate romance writers , by the way , look askance at amateurs without any knowledge of or respect for the genre invading their turf .
he fixed a think - tank session with ir at very short notice , and would travel north to check out the local turf , then widen the consulting process from there .
if nothing else , the stowed weapon would ve served as an equalizer when i approached leon on his turf .
but it was my turf , my element .
numbers and equations , that was my turf when one plus one equaled two .
at least on her turf , jj had toned it down .
i see it as our turf .
the only advantage i had now was that this was my turf .
moffat smiled , trying to imagine the godfather who s turf would have been the sparsely settled segovia county of 1970 .
rachel madison was found in malibu , the l.a . county sheriffs turf ; miguel de la iglesia in los angeles proper , covered by the lapd .
was jacie trying to protect her turf by matching up arrow ?
dylan hated the way jagger treated girls , and the two were in a perpetual turf war because jagger wanted everything that dylan had ... unfortunately , it was understood i was on the list of assets .
but they were shrewd , so i needed to get them on my turf then rattle their cages .
when i spoke with ap unger at the beginning of the week , i realized i needed the major players back on my turf .
this was my turf .
every company had its turf and if you were a city or a business , you could nt hire anyone else to pick up your garbage .
would he dare try to sell the books on my turf ?
there are too many budgets , too many bureaucrats protecting their own turf and too many politicians in the way of that much common sense .
started treading on jamies turf he got them sorted out and they backed off but that was a couple of years ago when they were a lot weaker .
this was also not my turf .
i 'd rather stay on familiar turf . ''
if you 'll let me go , i 'll stay off your turf . ''
she went by roxy , and on the plus side roxy showed up for work each morning around 8:30 , or a few minutes thereafter , and did a somewhat passable job of answering the phone , greeting the clients , chasing away the riffraff , typing , filing , and keeping her turf somewhat organized .
` ` we 're queens of the world , '' anna shouted extravagantly , sweeping her arm to indicate her turf .
zannino offered angiulo a suggestion for a threat living on bulger 's home turf : ` ` whitey and stevie will clip his fuckin ' head . ''
now that the time has come , and i ' m sitting across from him in my san francisco office , and despite being on my turf i ' m so full of nerves i swear i ' m going to be sick .
i was ready , but i wanted to see him on my turf , in my condo .
` ` rodriguez and lexie told pena that he steered clear of lexie and when i say that i mean they did n't live together , never got engaged , she did n't take any of his earnings , most of the time they met it was on her turf so he rarely brought her around his business .
i 'd much rather have the conversation about my little marriage problem on my own turf .
i did not call to re - litigate our custody arrangement , nor to defend my parenting skills , ballentine said , not even attempting to take a stand on such shaky turf .
because this is your turf , shithead !
probably , but then again she would n't mind as much if getting to know him was on her turf , and with her family by her side .
i rise to defend my turf when he strums a few chords left - handed and starts to sing .
no matter what turf i have to play from , ill get the job done .
is there turf here ?
or what had once been my turf .
okay , it had never really been my turf .
he implied that he was interested in getting her on neutral turf , remember ? ''
soon danvers international would be invading his turf , and he had n't wanted to explain the reason behind his opposition to his nosy family so he was screwed .
he 's at a disadvantage on our turf .
on my turf ? ''
flowers had crowded in on each other like schoolyard bullies fighting for turf .
i ' m good enough to run la dolce famiglia when you 're not here , but as soon as you step back onto my turf , you disrespect everything i ' ve worked so hard to build : respect , mutual admiration , work ethic . ''
there 's a cellist on our turf - get him !
all things considered , i was glad it was on my own turf .
i ' m ... off my turf here .
thorpe had crossed the line , invading a federal agent 's turf .
when he 'd invaded her turf .