he then picked some of the vegetables and brought them to her .
a bite of vegetables had him sucking her breast , his tongue flicking over her nipple .
at the sight of smeared vegetables and rice on the sheet next to him , he began to laugh .
our bountiful plates of food arrive - crab cakes for emerson , vegetable pot pie for me - and we dig in eagerly , plowing through every bite of buttery , flavorful goodness .
` ` it is now , '' she said , plopping spaghetti sauce down on the counter and vegetables for grilling .
victoria stomped back to the kitchen and put the spaghetti sauce and vegetables back into the refrigerator and walked out of the kitchen , furious with him and with the situation .
she jumped and almost lost her own box which contained a perfectly cooked omelet with gooey cheese and lots of grilled vegetables .
there was also a very efficient housekeeper who kept the entire house immaculately clean , expertly laundered and pressed their clothes and also made sure that there was a nutritious dinner on the table when it was time to eat , with lots of vegetables snuck into the meal .
early meant she was gone by dinner time and was now strolling through the market , picking up the various fruits and vegetables for sale .
she picked up more vegetables , thinking of a rice and chicken dish her mother had taught her so many years ago might be a good idea .
` ` we would be happy to make you anything you 'd like , '' she said and glanced at the bag of vegetables in dana 's arms .
dana sighed with happiness as she pulled all of her vegetables out of her bag and sorted them in the order for chopping .
he asked as he watched the knife move expertly through some sort of green vegetable .
he took it back and glared at the vegetable as if it were an alien .
` ` here , you have to do it like this , '' she explained and sliced neat lines from the top to the bottom of the pepper , ` ` then turn the slices and cut them up into squares , '' showing him how to dice the vegetable .
he asked and took another vegetable , chopping that up the same way .
she tossed all the vegetables into the center of the pan and took it over to one of the burners .
she 'd already set the rice to boiling before she started the vegetables so that was almost done .
with a bit of spices , a little oil and soy sauce , along with a secret ingredient she and her mother had worked on together , she tossed the vegetables around in the center of the pan , quick frying them all together until they were the perfect crunchiness .
throughout all this , she had to keep pushing hassan 's hand out of the way since he continuously tried to swipe the chopped vegetables or just get in her way .
the man kept snatching her vegetables which put his long , strong fingers into her field of vision , driving her crazy because she wanted those fingers to be moving across her body the way they had the other night .
in addition to an omelet brimming with cheese , ham and vegetables , there was also a huge biscuit on the side of the plate , a bowl of chilled , fresh fruit and , in the center of the table , a large pitcher of orange juice and an urn of coffee .
they went down to the dining room and feasted on a warm casserole filled with vegetables and spicy chicken .
* * * * * autumn hoped like hell she was pulling the weeds and not the vegetables .
he 'd liked the feel of dirt between his fingers , and the way the vegetable plants looked bigger and happier as soon as he cleared the weeds away .
with vegetables .
everything has to be prepared sitting down , '' she explained , grimacing as she started chopping vegetables .
she found a dish towel and tucked it into the waistband of her jeans in place of an apron , then pulled out chicken , vegetables , cheese , bread and butter .
that was easy enough , she thought as she tossed all the vegetables into a bowl , adding as much color as the vegetables would allow .
that was easy enough , she thought as she tossed all the vegetables into a bowl , adding as much color as the vegetables would allow .
there were so many vegetables and chicken in the flakey crust , there was almost no room for the creamy soup .
she busied herself in the kitchen , cutting vegetables for a salad and setting the table .
she was chopping up vegetables and tossing them into a pan for the sauce and dancing around the kitchen .
she bounced to the beat of the music and bumped her hip against the refrigerator door to close it , then bounced back to the counter to deposit her vegetable treasure .
everything about this country is beautiful , '' she said , keeping her eyes down and concentrating on cutting the vegetables .
dominic shook his head , glaring at his friends since they 'd almost made him spill coffee on his vegetable and feta frittata .
close to the time everyone was scheduled to arrive , sabrina was chopping onions and other vegetables , her mind going through all the reasons she should call sid and tell him that the dinner was canceled .
chapter fifteen ~clare~ ` ` there 's something wrong with him , leah , '' i said to her on the phone , while continuing to slice vegetables for a salad .
i set down the knife and dumped the rest of the vegetables into the bowl .
they loved unconditionally , spoiled their grandchildren rotten , and would let them eat sweets even if vegetables were skipped over .
it 's vegetables , flax seed , organic muffins , and cage - free eggs . ''
she had grown vegetables and roses in her backyard up until she could n't walk without assistance , and i 'd been tending to her gardens ever since .
i added the vegetable skewers liv had brought over onto the grill .
as he lifted the silver domes that covered each dish the air was filled with a variety of delicious aromas and her mouth watered when she saw the feast of fish fillet in a creamy sauce , a melange of steaming hot vegetables , savory wild rice and a basket of warm bread rolls that smelled freshly baked .
roasted chicken flavored with red wine , baby carrots steamed with tiny potatoes in a garlic sauce , and a vegetable pot - pie with a crust that melted in her mouth .
they settled in for a delicious meal of roasted atlantic cod , local red snapper , a vegetable medley , and white wine .
` ` fruits and vegetables first , children , '' she reminded them as they unpacked their lunch kits .
khalil , who seemed to be the most serious of the lot , took the plates from rafe and proceeded to use huge plastic spoons to ladle out potato salad , coleslaw and vegetable salad onto each one .
as they made themselves comfortable he headed off to the kitchen and within minutes was back with a tray laden with a soup tureen and bowls filled with steaming vegetables , potatoes and sweet corn .
after setting the bottle of wine down on an empty storage rack that was destined for cases of fresh vegetables , mr . hayes wrapped his arm around tracy 's sunken shoulders .
the omelets were cheesy and gooey with all sorts of perfectly cooked , fresh vegetables and the french toast was thick and steaming .
he picked the knife back up and began chopping some sort of vegetable .
the vegetables were just the right level of crispy compared to the bread and meat and the sauce was some sort of ranch dressing that brought out every other flavor .
other than the frying pan and the vegetables neatly arranged on the cutting board , everything else was already neatly put away .
` ` i 'll give you hourly updates if you want and i promise to make him eat his vegetables . ''
dad hated vegetables .
we raised some chickens and had a little garden for some vegetables . ''
the aroma of fresh herbs and homegrown vegetables impressed sophia with each spoonful .
as she sauntered back toward the house , she saw vittore planting seeds in a bare area of an otherwise large , lush vegetable patch .
` ` throwing something on the grill and fire roasting a few vegetables is about the only thing i know how to fix , besides frying bacon and scrambling eggs . ''
when zach walked into the kitchen , arielle was already seated at the table with a plate in front of her piled high with mashed potatoes , vegetables and a country - fried steak smothered in milk gravy .
` ` i think maria said we have turkey and swiss on wheat bread , some kind of cold , chopped vegetable medley and sparkling grape juice .
he shook his head as he placed wrapped sandwiches on the plates , then opened the container of vegetables .
spooning some of the crisp vegetables onto her plate , she shook her head .
she poked at her vegetables with her fork .
she took a bite of her vegetables .
i would be drinking a harmonique 2002 pinot noir , which was the perfect accompaniment to the grilled fresh water salmon , homemade bread loaf with dill and herb whipped butter , plus the mixed vegetable blend .
all the fresh vegetables , bright colors , and tasty seafood that was in most of it was right up my alley .
he never planted a thing in his life , let alone rows of vegetables , corn , potatoes , and other things .
prime rib , turkey , two kinds of salad , steamed vegetables , potatoes , and all the works .
he handed her a plate filled with a stuffed chicken breast , wild rice and some sort of strange vegetable that kallista knew she was n't going to eat , now that she did n't have to pretend any longer .
at six months old , he was too young for the turkey , mashed potatoes , stuffing and something james called ' green bean casserole ' which was heavenly good , but really should n't be considered a vegetable .
heading home , her mind went through possible meals and , on impulse , she stopped by the grocery store and picked up fresh fruit and vegetables , some milk and cheese and some pasta .
by the time she had the garlic sizzling in the oil and the vegetables stirred in , she was glad that she 'd decided to cook tonight .
he stopped stirring the vegetables and looked at her sternly .
she spent the day in her apartment cleaning , organizing her makeup , going to the gym for another aerobics class and trying to get some nutrition by eating lots of healthy fruits and vegetables .
there was a perfect mango salsa that went with it and several odd vegetables that were more flavorful than anything she 'd tried before .
she did an outstanding job with the fish and vegetables . ''
` ` excuse me , '' she called out to the woman who was busy chopping up vegetables , probably for whatever would be served at lunchtime .
when manuel arrived in the kitchen carrying another load of vegetables and fruit , darcy smiled delightedly and peeked into the treasures .
when manuel came out of nowhere and lifted the cover for her , she smiled gratefully to him , then looked down and smiled incredulously at the creative display of fish and gorgeously assembled vegetables .
this meal looked like all the other meals that were presented to him , although possibly a bit more colorful due to the abundance of native fruits and vegetables on the island .
` ` i ' m ready , '' she said when she 'd finished all of the salmon from her salad and most of the vegetables , leaving only the lettuce behind .
` ` oh , i like vegetables .
having to eat my vegetables is one of the cons of being a princess , '' she laughed .
the queen nodded attentively as they dined on baked salmon and crisp vegetables .
the meat was tough , the various grains that were served had almost no flavor to them and were chewy instead of being interesting and the vegetables were steamed with no flavorings other than salt .
several people covered in white aprons were chopping vegetables , several others were doing something with a large slab of meat but isla was n't sure what that task might be .
it was hard to mess up raw vegetables , she knew .
since tonight was saturday , the specialty was italian , and they served a very good fettucini alfredo with either shrimp , chicken or vegetables .
zarah ordered the pasta with the steamed vegetables while derrick ate the chicken meal .
he took her back to the castle that night and his housekeeper fed them a delicious meal of grilled steaks with some sort of creamy potato and steamed vegetables .
but they 're mostly fruits and vegetables , '' she said , giving in and easing he was only showing his love for her , even if it was overbearing she decided to have a heart to heart talk with her older brother .
as soon as the blessing was said , the plates of vegetables , roast beef , potatoes and salad were passed around , everyone talking at once .
victoria wanted a garden with vegetables and herbs and lots of flowers around her house .
` ` over by the sink is marsha and the one sitting with the vegetables is sal 's aunt frieda , '' both marsha and frieda stopped their task and waived to laci .
steaming vegetables that are delicious and al dente ? ''
he asked , picking up a large purple vegetable alana guessed was an eggplant .
` ` flip , '' he directed and pulled apart lettuce , then tossed in several vegetables he 'd already cut while she had talked earlier .
kate requested a plate of pasta with a cream sauce and fresh vegetables and carlo ordered the chicken parmesan .
after a few measured breaths , she pulled out pots and pans , filling them up with water and a vegetable mix that she planned to stir - fry .
like every poppy holland before her , rose forced fruits , vegetables , flowers and herbs to grow out of season in order to make ' potions ' and creams .
maybe even better than daisy , '' bella said around a mouthful of grilled vegetables .
i like to cook and then i can fix him fresh vegetables and meat - pretty much whatever i ' m having , only mushy . ''
` ` we bought a blender and some fresh vegetables and then we came home and cooked them up for dinner , did n't we ? ''
she remembered watching a pallet of vegetables being delivered and immediately , she 'd felt that magic ` ` click '' in her brain that told her an idea was forming .
creamy dip nestled in the center of a huge saucer ringed with colorful vegetables and rolled cold - cuts .
it was filled with spiced meat and vegetables .
tasha devoured the roast beef and au gratin potatoes , picked through the vegetables - mainly eating the yellow and green squash , leaving the peppers pushed to one side on her plate .
he tended the garden and grew vegetables for us .
' the stall keepers have stacked their fruit and vegetables into pyramids .
all she had to do during the weekdays was cook , and mrs hanley even prepared the vegetables for dinner .
after leaving the studios , she asked gerry to drive her to her favourite greengrocer 's market at kensington , wanting to stock up with fruit and vegetables and be relatively independent of elaine 's provisions for the guest house .
the meal zoe hancock had cooked - a beef and vegetable stir - fry with noodles - was eaten , although lucy could n't recall tasting any of it .
' you have been busy , ' she said dryly , moving back to the sink with the bowl , ready to attack the other vegetables to put in the salad .
skye was in the kitchen , cutting up vegetables for dinner .
the food was good ; fresh vegetables lightly cooked , succulent king prawns , flavours enhanced by the spicy chil i jam .
he was whipping up a homemade dressing , blending spanish onion with vinegar , sugar , vegetable oil , water , salt and mustard .
' a dozen oysters to start then steak tartare and side orders of vegetables and mashed potatoes . '
i am so nervous i actually worry i will lose the few vegetables i did eat on the floor of the cab .
i run into one of two cubicles and falling to my knees violently throw up the bits of vegetables i have eaten and almost all the champagne .
the vegetable drawer is packed with organic produce .
it will be vegetables and potato again .
flowers , vegetables , herbs and fruit are plentiful .
i nicked my finger while i was cutting some vegetables . '
i open the door , dart down the corridor , take the small staircase at the back , and cross over to the long corridor that leads to the vegetable gardens .
he will paint and i will go to the open - air market for vegetables and fish and meat .
another uniformed staff in a hairnet dishes out the vegetables : green beans , carrots and a graying sludge that she calls mashed potato .
for dinner tonight i 'd like black cod with a medley of oriental vegetables .
` ` they 're not even vegetables .
for a long time , they were considered vegetables , but then researchers discovered they were n't plant or animal , but their own species . ''
` ` lucas emailed me a brief proposal , '' she said , setting the plate of cheese and vegetables down on the workbench alongside the truly impressive grill rafe had built the summer he and katie first got together .
` ` so , '' robert said as he dipped a spoon into a bowl of vegetable soup , ` ` i ' ve only got a half hour for lunch .
` ` keeps all of your vegetables right next to the sink and the cutting boards . ''
` ` raw vegetables ?
while she talked , jericho nibbled on the raw vegetables , surprising even himself .
but whatever kind of dip this was she 'd concocted for the vegetables was damn tasty and the pie was good enough it could bring a grown man to his knees .
` ` a carrot is an orange vegetable ... like ... like corn is a vegetable , '' she added .
` ` a carrot is an orange vegetable ... like ... like corn is a vegetable , '' she added .
politely refraining from pointing out that being named for a dog was n't exactly preferable to being referred to as a vegetable , sheridan said , ` ` what sort of name would an indian give me ? ''
conversation passed around the dinner table along with platters of roast beef , mashed potatoes , and fresh vegetables .
julie peeked around him and spied dozens of thick steaks and pork chops , huge roasts , some packages wrapped in white freezer paper , and boxes and boxes of vegetables , some raw and others prepared .
no vegetable , no garnish , no nothing .
following slowly behind mitchell , kate listened to louis kellard go over one day 's events at the restaurant : the vegetable supplier had delivered only half their order , and the featured evening entr had to be changed partway through the night ; the bartender had refused to serve any more liquor to an inebriated customer who made a scene and had to be escorted out ; this morning his attorney had called , threatening to sue the restaurant for causing embarrassment to his client ; the wine cellar needed to be replenished before kate returned ... kate slid into the backseat of the taxi and max jumped in behind her , so she scooted to the middle of the seat while she gave instructions to louis : ` ` if the attorney calls back , do not say anything to him , just refer him to our attorney .
did you talk to our vegetable supplier and find out why we got only half our order ? ''
me back this morning , as soon as you find out what happened to our vegetable order and why our linen inventory is suddenly so low , '' she reminded him before he hung up .
the gigantic kitchen was filled with frantically busy people who were rolling out dough on wooden tables , stirring kettles , and chopping vegetables .
` ` yes , '' victoria said , growing angry as she remembered how the starved creature had been gobbling spoiled vegetables from the compost pile as if they were beefsteaks .
unobserved , victoria stood just inside the kitchen , where eight servants were busily preparing what appeared to be a luncheon of stew complemented with fresh seasoned vegetables , flaky , newly baked bread , and a half dozen side dishes .
ignoring his purpling complexion at her casual dismissal of the complexity of his culinary skills , she continued in a bright , reasonable tone , ` ` all one has to do is cut up vegetables on this table here- '' she tapped the table beside her .
i try not to notice that they ' ve built a small cafe in the atrium now , or that they ' ve set up a sandwich board on the place where i once tried to start a small vegetable garden .
he 'd gathered the vegetables from the refrigerator and spread them out further down the counter .
in addition to removing the skin he was hacking the vegetable to death .
her mom knew this , so if she did ask for help , charlie would find herself either washing and chopping vegetables or taking care of the dirty pots and pans .
elle was on rinsing duty : she stood on a stool by the sink rinsing all the fruit , meats , and vegetables .
i asked as i filled my plate with steamed chicken and vegetables , white rice , and fried dumplings .
during the past weeks they 'd made real fires , collected ripe fruits and vegetables , eaten their meals in the apartment - sized kitchen or in the cool barbecue house and held their after - dinner gatherings and entertainment in its lounge or in the huge pergola terrace .
she crushed the insidious voice as she accepted a steaming plate piled with mouth - watering grilled salmon and vegetables , careful not to touch him again .
lobna gaped at her as if she 'd asked her what kind of vegetable he was .
or , worse , maimed beyond recognition , a paralyzed vegetable ! ''
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
he was laying out vegetables on the worktop , the spring onions , mushrooms and bell peppers they 'd picked from his garden , when she reached critical mass .
in the middle of taking my shoes off my stomach growled again , which was his cue to begin washing vegetables in the kitchen .
not that i was a great cook myself , but i could at least cut vegetables .
he looked up from the vegetables he was chopping and squinted .
aunt caroline started cutting vegetables while i drank the soup .
it was smaller than the one i usually went to with norma , but they had the vegetables i needed .
then he stroked the vegetable up and down .
` ` that does n't mean i want you bringing vegetables into the bedroom . ''
while the grocer bagged up my vegetables , he said , ` ` you know , it 's nice to see you in a different atmosphere .
we had our vegetables and could leave , but i was too caught up in my next thought .
jc was on my heels , the la perla bag full of scanty underwear and vegetables for my sister 's breakfast banging against his leg as we ran through the long halls of port authority .
he opened the freezer cabinet , pulled out a package of frozen peas - when on earth had he purchased frozen peas ? -and placed the vegetables over his throbbing forehead .
they spent the next forty minutes in easy conversation as seth grilled chicken and vegetables and sliced strawberries .
madison took lexi on a walk through anna 's garden , pointing out all the vegetables they had planted and which ones she liked and which ones she did n't .
as i was walking down the street , and taking in the beautiful surroundings , i stopped at an outdoor market that displayed the best - looking fruits and vegetables .
i sighed as i walked to the kitchen and took the vegetables from the refrigerator .
the sight of dewy chicken and vivid vegetables and the scent of spices she could n't guess at knotted her stomach with hunger .
they soon happened on a long queue of vegetable and fruit peddlers on their way to the palace complex to sell their fresh produce .
harres fed her , cut the assortment of grilled meats , told her the names and recipes of the baked and grilled breads and the vegetable stews .
farmed fruits and vegetables , especially figs , apricots , berries and corn , were astounding in size and taste .
and then there had been the delight of watching him devour everything she 'd prepared , and listening to his rumbles of enjoyment as he 'd demolished the honey - glazed salmon , sauteed vegetables and avocado - based salad .
one was walking a large black standard poodle on a pink leash and the other was carrying a bag of groceries topped with dark leafy vegetables and greens .
i only eat protein and fresh vegetables .
` ` i promise i 'll eat all my vegetables tonight at dinner .
` ` and no vegetables at all this weekend ? ''
isabelle had made garlic mashed potatoes and an old - fashioned iceberg lettuce salad with homemade dressing and fresh tomatoes from their small vegetable garden at cider mill farm .
it was called ` ` the raw diet , '' where dogs were fed raw meats and vegetables .
with friends like these ... rock ordered fish and pasta and fresh vegetables for me , and i pushed down what food i could as the waiters plied me with wine .
he frowned over the vegetables he was chopping .
the brass fittings gleam , and a poster informs us that our tea will include vegetable soup , meat , bread , cheese , and a sweet .
a garden with vegetables for us and flowers for me - amazing , to think of having my own bit of earth to plant flowers .
neat rows of fruit trees and plots lush with vegetables grew to the west of the low - roofed barns .
crossing between vegetable patches , they followed the girl over to a small shack , no bigger than a ten - by - ten garden shed .
anderson 's market , a grocery store that had been around since her grandparents had built their cabin on the lake , had done major upgrades in the past couple of years , going so far as to stock organic fruits and vegetables all year long , rather than just july and august to appease the summer folks .
seeing several pots on the stove and a large array of fruit and vegetables laid out by the cutting board , she said , ` ` i should have realized you 'd still be cooking .
` ` i sent a vegetable tray with ty , '' imogen said .
` ` i hope you like twice - baked potatoes and asparagus , '' she said , using tongs to pull the broiled vegetables off the pan and onto the two plates rhett brought over to her .
but he was shoving every loose vegetable into his mouth that was lying around because he was goddamn hungry .
` ` anyone with half a brain knows it took guts to walk away before you became a vegetable or paraplegic from another hit to the head or the wrong vertebra . ''
a refreshing change from the women around the office who picked at steamed vegetables for lunch or those he 'd had relationships with who 'd order an appetizer and call it dinner .
there 's a cookie platter with assorted teas , or a vegetable platter with honey mustard or blue cheese dip , and a choice of colas .
` ` so am i ordering you the vegetables ? ''
the ridiculousness of it hits me ; i ' m naked in the jungle with vegetables on my eyes while mia gives me the third degree .
i reach up casually to dislodge her and re - set my vegetables .
finn left off the conversation to stab a few vegetables on his plate and shove them in his mouth alongside the bread .
dwarves apparently were n't the neatest of eaters because there were bits of what looked like turkey meat and vegetables all over the place , as much off the plates as on .
i knew it was only a matter of time before he killed them or turned them into vegetables .
he prepared the beef medallions while i worked on the vegetables and dessert , '' elsa said as she checked the oven .
` ` i ' ve been doing what you said , jewell , and eating my vegetables and being good .
she found a cutting board and began dicing vegetables and putting them into a bowl .
my mother died when i was twenty , but not before telling me that i better take care of susie , especially since i was the one responsible for the vegetable she had turned into .
` ` well , no , my feelings have n't changed either , but that does n't mean we can ... '' my words trailed off as i tried to process what he 'd just so confidently declared - that getting married would be a good idea - just like eating more vegetables or wearing sunscreen was a good idea .
i cleaned up from my vegetable soup and french bread dinner , which so far was staying put in my stomach .
it 'll tell you everything you need to know about fruits and vegetables . ''
i shook my head at how funny it was to me that he could memorize every fruit and vegetable on that prenatal website .
but finally , he picked up his knife and returned to chopping vegetables , and then he started talking .
i told him where i planned to put my furniture , why i was certain i was going to need to add extra shelving , and exactly what kinds of vegetables i was determined to grow in my tiny backyard .
she 'd finished only about a third of her filet and less than half of her vegetables .
` ` they have a rotisserie chicken , a whole half , with vegetables and sides that sounds divine .
if you do n't mind sharing , i 'll just eat part of the breast and the vegetables and let you have the baked potato and bread and the rest of the chicken , of course . ''
then she selected some of the steamed vegetables , but as she 'd promised , she left the baked potato and other sides for him .
rice , searing meat , vegetables .
i parted my lips , bit down when he fed me a morsel of meat and rice , with some kind of vegetable .
the food was a simple fare , some cured meat that i suspected was goat , as well as goat cheese , vegetables and locally - grown fruit .
elise paused in the process of arranging vegetables on a plate of grilled shrimp and pearl couscous .
she tucked the money carefully away in her backpack and they continued walking , elise staring with interest at the colorful vegetables and fruits and smiling at the vendors , suddenly feeling like a kid in a candy store .
` ` how can you put all that awful salad dressing on your salads when you have vegetables like these ? ''
` ` i do n't make the salads ; i just grow the vegetables , '' jim said , looking a little dazed .
what 's a few crates of lettuce to him , when he gets to witness you turning his vegetables into certifiable sex fruit ? ''
` ` roast beef and vegetables and yorkshire pudding , '' mrs . hanson said with an impish grin when elise leaned over the roasting pan and inhaled deeply of the delicious aroma .
i 'd passed up buying too much junk food because gemma warned me if i was going to dance , even at the carousel club , i needed to make sure i kept at my best weight , so i 'd spent most of my shopping trip in the fresh fruit and vegetables section .
fruits , vegetables , meats , breads , and desserts covered the five foot round table , leaving no room for either of us to place a plate down to eat .
i 'd told him i wanted to plant some vegetables , so have ethan pick up where chip left off . ''
a waiter interrupted our conversation , and i quietly ordered the first dish i saw on the menu , not even sure i was in the mood for a roasted vegetable panini .
` ` brat ; just add some vegetables to your plate and i wo n't be mad . ''
` ` how about spaghetti with red sauce and ... . '' she peered into the fridge , ` ` sauteed vegetables in fresh garlic ? ''
thirty minutes later , she ladled pasta onto two plates , then piled that high with sauteed vegetables and a fragrant red sauce .
forty - five minutes later , justin arrived with four bags filled with fruits , vegetables and various other groceries .
` ` with lots of cheese and vegetables on it ? ''
she wanted to whip up a big bowl of pasta with lots of cheese and some sauteed vegetables , maybe some crusty bread with loads of garlic butter .
he asked , sitting down across from her and lifting the silver covers off of several bowls filled with fragrant , diced meat , a bowl of black rice and various grilled vegetables .
` ` i learned how to write code in college , '' she explained as he filled her plate high with the black rice first , then the meat and vegetables .
most of her meals were raw fruits and vegetables with some sort of lean meat , usually chicken with different spices or simmering sauces because they were fast , easy and relatively nutritious .
` ` if there 's any other vegetables in there i ca n't taste them . ''
i was in antonio 's , grabbing some vegetable lasagna to take home for a late dinner .
ian 's idea of ` ` getting out of here '' was going to the farmers ' market on the riverfront and buying vegetable matter .
by the time they were done buying all of ian 's fruits and vegetables ( how many could he eat in a week ?
ian took a drink of his beer , leaning against the counter while sam chopped vegetables .
sam suddenly dropped his handful of vegetables on the cutting board and turned to ian , wiping his hands on his jeans .
if it was n't for dressing , he might never get enough vegetables .
the place had a wood floor that creaked with each step , and the air was redolent of grilled meat and steamed vegetables .
` ` all that , '' the chef says , ` ` and it took me fifteen years to learn to prepare vegetables in a way that would entice mr . cunningham to eat them . ''
` ` in all fairness to martin , '' says calder , ` ` i still contend that some vegetables are supposed to stay in the dirt and should n't be eaten at all . ''
this one smells like it has some meat - pork , maybe ? -and steamed vegetables .
when i had moved in with them at age sixteen , after my mother 's latest rage , i learned real quick that while there might be a short supply of vegetables and empathy , they were never short on liquor .
it 's still warm when i pick it up , and i pop the top open , seeing it 's beef lo mein with no vegetables .
i order whatever the special is today and request some beef lo mein without any of the vegetables , karissa 's favorite .
stepping in the doorway , i pause when i see karissa standing at the counter beside the sink , haphazardly chopping some vegetables and throwing them in a pot on the stove .
my father stands just inside , in front of a long metal table , chopping vegetables with his back to the door .
she keeps shoving vegetables my way , even after the salad is done .
its steamed fish garnished with fragrant orange slices , oven - roasted root vegetables and a side of creamy risotto .
my mouth waters just looking at it and i steal a couple of vegetables off of each plate , being sure to keep the portions even , popping them into my mouth and chewing greedily like i ' m breaking numerous international laws .
dinner is a baked chicken breast with grilled vegetables .
or the roasted vegetable pasta . ''
on tonight 's menu was miso soup and steamed bluefin tuna on red quinoa with fresh vegetables .
` ` especially if you 're gon na make us eat vegetables . ''
baked potato with sour cream and a side of ... what is the vegetable tonight ? ''
no reason to can vegetables for one .
` ` brock , grab a towel and the vegetable oil from the kitchen .
` ` so a fall soup with root vegetables is n't a good idea ? ''
'cause there 's really no food , but i did find a six - pack in the vegetable drawer . ''
a fresh garden salad with spinach and arugula and butter lettuce , bursting with crunchy vegetables . ''
i ' m down to root vegetables , apples and some herbs . ''
` ` i ' ve been wanting to make some fall soups and the aandp does n't have a huge selection of vegetables . ''
i dug up a bunch of root vegetables . ''
two big cans of condensed vegetable beef soup , a cup of cream and plop a can of biscuits on top ? ''
fields , an upscale restaurant that featured locally grown ingredients from vegetables and grains to beef , pork and chicken , took out a big ad .
specializing in organic vegetables had tripled her income .
` ` updating my notes on the new vegetable varieties i planted this year . ''
` ` how many acres of root vegetables did you plant ? ''
i can take you making fun of my lack of vegetable ranching knowledge , but when you compare my attitude to that of a sixteen - year - old girl ?
` ` i hardly think me checking out the varieties of seasonal fruit and vegetables in arizona could be considered working . ''
we thank you for the rain that sprouted the vegetables and the sun that grew them to their peak of ripeness , and carolyn 's cookin ' skills that turned them into this mouthwatering delight .
she 'd planted peas , beans , lettuce , radishes and other vegetables with shorter growing times .
` ` i ' ve been lying in bed like a vegetable for a week ? ''
any chance one of you might want to live dangerously and try a vegetable ? ''
if she learned one more thing , her brain was going to shut down in revolt and leave her a drooling vegetable on the floor .
his friend kept glancing over to a group of women who were shopping at a nearby vegetable stand .
` ` have you ever felt so overwhelmed by responsibility that all you wanted to do was curl up in your bed and become a vegetable ? ''
anyway , you never use the same cutting board or knife on protein that you use on your vegetables .
i can do quick pops in and out with people , but to pull two women out of there for the distance i 'd have to travel ... it 'd burn my brain cells out and leave me a vegetable . ''
her stomach rumbled as she uncovered a steak , vegetables , and a roll .
instead of being lowered gently , syn dropped to the ground like a sack of vegetables .
he disappeared for a moment before returning with a warm plate of vegetables and a huge steak .
her stomach growled at the wonderful scent of roasted meat and vegetables .
kiara watched him rinse assorted brenna vegetables in her sink .
he struck the knife several times against the spike on his right vambrace in silent , short , quick strokes before he started slicing the vegetables with a shocking ease .
he finished chopping the vegetables , then placed them on the counter .
as he finished placing the meat and vegetables into the pot , he heard syn in his ear telling him he was outside in the hallway .
it 's all beef or vegetable on your menu . ''
` ` lightly seasoned beef with a yellow herb cream sauce and stewed vegetables .
an army of nereids began serving the main course : lobster still in the shell , with sea vegetables as an accompaniment .
` ` and he 's a vegetable ? ''
i ' ve been able to get by just fine with some pointing , smiling , innocent shrugging , and s'il vous plait , and manage to buy some wine and prawns , fresh pasta , and vegetables .
i follow the path of his eyes to the pan on the stove where i ' ve tossed the prawns with the pasta and vegetables .
she tells me the vegetables are much better down rue de rome than in the market on the corner .
he 's easy to be near , his goofiness returning after he 's had time to decompress from his day , and he has the rare ability to get me talking and laughing about anything : vegetables , sports , film , shoe size / penis size correlations , and my favorite places to be kissed .
there are a few helpful things : boeuf / beef , poulet / chicken , veau / veal , canard / duck , and poisson is fish ( i ' m completely unashamed to say i knew that one from countless viewings of the little mermaid ) , but how things are prepared or the names for various sauces or vegetables are still things i need help with at most restaurants .
all those raw vegetables and beetles- '' he broke off .
we sat on my bed , the sheet tucked under my arms as we shared the large bowl of vegetable soup .
i fixed the cheese , chicken , and vegetable mixture inside the flour tortillas , then placed them on the hot skillet .
magda was chopping up vegetables when i entered .
i ' ve been picking vegetables out of my food for so long , it 's second nature now .
` ` so , not a big fan of vegetables .
now all i see in the fridge is fresh fruit and vegetables , some high - end cheeses , yogurt , and weird - colored bread .
in one corner of his plate , a pile of chopped vegetables sits , having been picked through .
` ` that 's right , you do n't eat vegetables , '' i tease .
i must have just assumed that included avoiding vegetables .
like the vegetable ?
- i was stirring vegetables and cubed chicken into a curry mix on the stove when i heard the front door opening .
` ` do you think eating carrots really make you see better or is that just what moms say to make kids eat vegetables ? ''
those vegetables wo n't wash themselves . ''
but very soon i saw that i was in a dark and dirty place , full of the grease and soot of the cooking where the pots were always boiling and dozens of menials were at work at the chopping of vegetables and the cleaning or plucking of the fowl , and all the other tasks that go to produce the banquets served here .
all were out tending the vegetable gardens , or in the anterooms above as the meals were being served , and only a young serving girl remained , who climbed to her feet at once when she saw us .
again , i was blushing with shame to have to pick up the meat and vegetables with my tongue , to have the stew on my face , but i did n't dare disobey him .
the naked and dusty farm slaves pushed indifferently past us , unloading the cart , then piling it high with fruit and vegetables for market .
the wharves were heaped with stacks of luggage and all sorts of boxes and cargo , even mounds of fruit and vegetables wilting and dissolving in the rain .
carriages rolled side by side with costermongers ' carts piled high with fruit and vegetables ; women shawled and carrying shallow baskets full of flowers dived madly in and out of traffic as they tried to interest the occupants of various carriages in their wares ; and cabs came to a full stop in the midst of traffic so that the cabdrivers could scream at one another out their windows .
and other guests can bring drinks or whatever , vegetables and desserts .
after the wedding party - all four of us - had our pictures made together and separately , michele and jason took their places behind the meat table with aprons on over their wedding clothes , and they served ribs or sliced pork to the guests , who then descended on the tables full of vegetables and breads and desserts , all brought by the guests .
she lay on the countertop , her chin on her paws watching the muscles of his upper back flex as he chopped vegetables and seared fish .
the food was a thick soup of vegetables , beans and barley , and it filled tristran and contented him .
he cast an irritated glance at the plate , filled with fruits and vegetables , with no meat to be found .
king rydstrom , will you be lenient with the poor , misbegotten sons of curs who threw rotandshy ; ten vegetables at me ? ''
sabine snapped , sitting up on her haunches , scouting for vegetables on his person .
but he did make sure she had vegetables to eat and sweet wine to drink .
it still looked like a monastery , one that had not sheltered happy monks growing vegetables and glorying god , but rather those bitterly hiding from the world .
heavy on the vegetables .
humans did n't ask vegetables if they felt like being consumed , did they ?
noodles and vegetables dripped from his saturated clothing .
if there was a chance , even a slight one , that the chip could be removed without killing her or making her a vegetable , he thought she would take it , no hesitation .
get yourself hot and bothered and practice touching vegetables or something . ''
like noelle would eat the brownies , and then feel guilty for her lack of nutrition so she 'd go for a vegetable next .
he 'd scorched dozens of vegetables and nearly burned his house down .
from the fruits and vegetables hawked in one alley to the living flesh hawked in the other .
merchants were out in force , selling everything from fruit and vegetables to flimsy scarves to doorknobs .
she nodded and began heaping two plates high with - he sniffed , realizing it was chicken pot pie , freshly baked bread and steaming vegetables .
normally he only ate fruits , nuts and vegetables .
breads , meats , fruits and vegetables abounded .
there are multiple flower and vegetable gardens , and there 's a pesky rabbit that likes to ruin both .
when the chicken was warmed all the way through and the vegetables were boiling , she turned off the stove and prepared two plates .
midday , she began to pull weeds from the garden , pluck the vegetables that were mature enough , and pick fruit from the trees .
i may have lived on abnegation bread and vegetables for most of my life , with nothing to spare , but i was never that desperate .
i search the fridge and cupboards , pulling out a box of pasta and a handful of vegetables from the crisper .
` ` they serve it with chicken , steak , roasted vegetables , potatoes , pasta , and bread .
beside her , josh was talking about a new roasted vegetable recipe he 'd tried on his grill that had turned out amazing .
across the table , ryker 's plate was clean - after two rib eyes , three helpings of vegetables , three pieces of bread , and one huge baked potato with all the fixings .
` ` but do n't ask me to give you a grilled vegetable recipe . ''
a box of low - fat ice cream sandwiches hiding underneath the leafy vegetables .
` ` the crowd to which i declared my stupidity and love for you - which i would like to point out did not cast a very flattering light upon you - was more than happy to relieve themselves of their rotten vegetables while i stood there . ''
the gods ca n't have relations with humans - at least , not without the human enduring excruciating pain and turning into a vegetable .
he 'd be off killing people all day and then return home - the quaint little yellow house in the country with the vegetable garden - where i 'd be waiting for him , turkey loaf dinner on the table .
sentin served a heaping pile of creamy , buttery pasta mixed with bits of chicken and red and green vegetables - at least she thought they were that color ; it was hard to see in the dark .
do you need to be here to make sure i eat my vegetables and drink my milk ? ''
wanting to change the subject , i put the vegetables i was chopping up in the pot on the stove and set it to simmer .
he had moved over to where rachel was chopping vegetables .
it seemed days since i 'd eaten the vegetable omelet for breakfast just before daniel had come .
caroline 's so excited , she 's shoveling vegetables into her mouth without inspecting them first .
marisabel stands beside him , trying so hard to look innocent that she might as well stick her head up in the air and whistle , and violet continues to study the five food groups display so james will see that she has moved on to better things , apparently fruits and vegetables .
at the counter in the kitchen , i stood facing out the window that looked over the backyard , furiously chopping the vegetables for the salad .
on the other side of the bar at the kitchen counter , sarah was arranging cheese and crackers on a tray , mixing dips , and slicing vegetables .
i thought maybe we make some mashed potatoes and vegetables with it ?
lizzie was leaning over with her back to me , digging through the vegetables in the bottom crisper .
as i sat down , i glanced at sam , who , for the first time since i moved here , did n't smile ; he pushed his vegetables around his plate with his fork , hiding under his baseball cap .
vicki asked , casually chopping away at vegetables .
mom throws random fruits and vegetables into the food processor in the kitchen and pretends she 's making a random fruit - and - vegetable puree , when we all know she 's just trying to be louder than the banging below her .
mom throws random fruits and vegetables into the food processor in the kitchen and pretends she 's making a random fruit - and - vegetable puree , when we all know she 's just trying to be louder than the banging below her .
while i put on my flannel pajamas , he moved the roses to the windowsill by the sink , which was nice , actually , because our garbage disposal had gone funky , so they helped cover the smell of old water and rotten vegetables .
dee and i are washing fruits and vegetables .
today we make five pounds of shrimp , some clams on the half shell , four vegetable trays with broccoli , cauliflower , celery and carrots , and three trays of mushroom vol - au - vents .
it turns out adam picks up most of our fruit and vegetables from local farm stands nearby , which is plenty eco - friendly for me , and as for the rest of it ... well , chalky tofu is no match for susie 's corn fritters .
i nod again , the gravy and vegetables suddenly tasting like cardboard in my mouth .
` ` there are vegetables too , '' grace offered .
she was sick of being the one keeping tabs on her sister - hallie was right , their mom was tuned out of the world right now : spending all day painting up in her studio , then surfacing out of nowhere at random hours to demand they eat their vegetables and get their homework done .
she headed toward the dilapidated shed , tucked away behind flower beds and an overgrown vegetable patch .
as they heaved their goods past her into the flat , alice caught a glimpse of piles of fresh fruit and vegetables - enough to feed an entire family .
by the time nathan arrived to pick her up , she was perched calmly on a stool in the kitchen , watching stefan stir - fry a spread of vegetables with his usual crisp efficiency .
' like rotting vegetables . '
every day , a new box of fruit and vegetables was delivered to our door from the local organic farm ; the countertops were brand - new , replacing the old ones which were barely a year old .
a series of stained - glass windows filter in a defused rainbow of light , each with its own intricate mosaic - one of a woman down on her knees before a pack of wolves , one of a man with his face and body comprised of fruits and vegetables , and another of a couple with an infinity symbol above their heads .
a steaming tray of vegetables calls to me .
even though vegetables are n't very high up on my personal food pyramid , i help myself to a double scoop .
the scent of grilled vegetables and steak enlivens my senses , and i spot cruise hovering near the stove while a cloud of steam rises from the pan in front of him .
` ` just because you 're going to live does n't mean you ca n't do it as a vegetable . ''
` ` remember what i said about vegetables , '' i say , smacking the top of the door as i head into the family room .
and me , well , i 'll probably be a vegetable somewhere until i ' m sixty .
` ` and , '' mom sings , ` ` i ' ve prepared a vegetable everybody loves . ''
she uncovers the casserole dish next to it , revealing not only a vegetable everyone apparently loves , but also one everyone can not readily identify .
` ` it 's a vegetable . ''
they thought the vegetable offensive was nothing more than a well - constructed ploy by foreign adversaries to destroy the cattle industry .
` ` market , '' marshall points over to baskets brimming with fruits and vegetables laid out in rows on a stand .
i pick up fruits and vegetables from the farmers market of horror and bolt back to the haunted mansion marshall has me holed up in .
just because you 're going to live does n't mean you ca n't do it as a vegetable . ''
remember what i said about vegetables . ''
i wo n't be pleasuring vegetables anytime soon . ''
` ` that happens to be very nutritious , it 's got bread , a vegetable , and a dairy .
cole switches off the stove and brings a frying pan brimming with searing vegetables over to the table .
he asked , looking down at the small pile of mashed potato and scattered vegetables that remained on my plate .
an uncomfortable silence settled between us as began to chop up the vegetables for the cheeseburger , and i decided to speak up again .
he scowled , before turning around and producing a clear container that contained green vegetables .
i asked , no longer feeling like the vegetables .
i busy myself chopping vegetables for the salad , listening to the girls chatter and laugh .
` ` it would be handy to have a small sink to wash vegetables and stuff so i do n't have to constantly walk back and forth to the big sink . ''
i poke at the large , beautiful vegetables .
she 's watching me chop vegetables , but i know she wo n't offer to help with anything involving hands and sharp knives .
i ' m watching the memory play across her face and i realize that i ' ve completely stopped chopping the vegetables and i ' m just staring at her .
i pour oil into the bottom of a saute pan and line up the vegetables on the counter .
without taking off her high - heeled boots , she poached a piece of fish , boiled some brown rice and steamed some vegetables .
no , actually , sonia looked like she was punishing the vegetables that would soon be their lunch if her frenzied use of the knife was anything to go by .
there was a fruit and vegetable shop with brightly colored produce in bushels in suspended baskets outside .
* * * * * i stood at the stove and slid the big spoonfuls of vegetable shortening into the skillet , the shortening melting as it hit the hot iron .
empty crates that had held vegetables .
it now appeared to be covered in vegetables and at the end was an enormous bouquet of flowers .
` ` she 'd know , '' layne muttered , his eyes swinging to rocky and catching her dimple before she turned back to her vegetables .
he walked to the island beside her and dumped his bags next to the vegetables .
after i buttered my roll ( purchased , incidentally , at wayfarer 's grocers , the only market in town - it had a variety of the usual sundries but mostly it was a gourmet market with a superb butcher 's counter , fresh organic vegetables , an extraordinary seafood selection , a large plethora of cheeses , and a fabulous bakery that made excellent breads , rolls and also pastries ) , i asked , ` ` and how old is everybody ? ''
he reached for his beer , ignoring the chilled glass they 'd provided , answering , ` ` con 's allergic to vegetables . ''
` ` allergic to vegetables ?
all vegetables ? ''
it 's not healthy not to have vegetables in your diet . ''
and , heads up , she 's concerned you do n't eat vegetables .
she wo n't hesitate over vegetables . ''
she cooks great , even if she always serves vegetables she tries to get me to eat .
and he wo n't tell you , he prefers filling his body with what he calls proteins and carbs , by that he means is meat and rolls , but he needs vegetables and it took me some time but i found that conner likes peas .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
fresh fruits and vegetables .
if a woman ( and there were a great number of them ) advanced with a tray of roasted meat , roasted vegetables , slabs of spiced meat , cut fruit , flat breads slathered with what looked and tasted like herbed hummus or a white yogurt sauce with cucumber , onion and garlic or even pieces of candy that looked like creamy white sugar bark doused liberally with nuts and candied fruit , lahn would make my selections for me , turn to me , lean into me , his hand held out and i 'd have to take it not with my hand ( i learned that with a quick , clipped , bark of ` ` me '' from lahn at the beginning ) but with my mouth .
they held fruit trees and berry vines and vegetable patches that were forced to grow during the long time of the year ( three quarters of it ! )
and tell them to eat their vegetables .
a pumpkin is a vegetable .
when he 'd come home on friday night to a light burning in the hall , billie holliday 's voice coming at him only to walk downstairs and see candles flickering , dim lights shining and abby in a kitchen surrounded by cutting boards topped with chopped vegetables and something on a grill pan covered with foil , he 'd felt something strange .
` ` they 're barbequing sticks with vegetables on them .
no meat , just vegetables .
then he turned to go and change his clothes so he could join his guests at the impromptu vegetable barbeque but rick stalled him by continuing .
* * * * * while sibyl and colin ate vegetables on sticks and were given pats on the backs , hugs , kisses , handshakes and many congratulations through smiles and tears ... nearly five hundred years earlier , at the same precise time , royce helped beatrice onto mallory 's sleek , dark , back .
they 'd just finished their vegetable shish kebabs and she 'd ducked upstairs to begin planning her first night with her new fiance , who also just happened to be in love with her .
` ` so , i ' m thinking chicken strips , fries and some kind of vegetable , '' isabella , clearly not hearing fiona 's voice from beyond the grave , stated .
` ` what kind of vegetable ? ''
this was because , when prentice and the kids came home , jason found a note on the counter from isabella informing them there was a shepherd 's pie in the fridge , explaining how to heat it up and telling them that the vegetables were already cut up and ready for boiling .
but prentice overcooked the vegetables .
the vegetables - '' she began .
the vegetables were way overdone .
) , got dressed and hector barbecued pork chops outside on the grill while i made a salad ( i could cut up vegetables , no problem ) , boiled some new potatoes ( boiling !
grandma began stacking vegetables and types of meats on the hot grill .
` ` and i hate vegetables . ''
` ` if i had to be one , i 'd ask to be put in vegetable soup so i 'd suffer a veggie death .
` ` and i ' ve been on vegetable strike since the fourth grade . ''
i could have been a vegetable the rest of my life , all because i was careless . ''
` ` eat your vegetables .
-mel tristan cutting vegetables while so pissed off you could n't see straight ?
kimmy would n't want to live that way , trapped inside her own body , a vegetable .
his favorite meal always included boiled potatoes , which made every woman within his vicinity strike up a conversation about the stupid vegetable .
mary was working at the stove stirring the stew , and to rosalind 's amusement , stefan was to cut vegetables for the dinner .
his presence alone filled up half the kitchen , then to see the tiny vegetables in his hands ; it was too much to take in .
` ` right , i was never one for vegetables , always fed them to the dog . ''
` ` but he could turn into a vegetable .
the garden gnome that usually watched over their neighbor 's vegetable patch had been torn up - no .
many russians keep dachas , small cabins in the countryside where they go in summertime to grow vegetables and swim in the lakes ; these houses remain vacant throughout the winter , isolated as they are .
dinner is some chicken thing that comes wrapped in an airtight pouch , and vegetables that emerge from deep freeze with a bad case of soggy .
i could n't identify anything except for the rice and beans ; the oddest looking were plates of glistening fried dough balls of some sort , and a dish of some white fleshy vegetable smothered in sauce and onions .
i hear greta moving around in the kitchen - the sound of pans clanking on the stove and then the water running in the faucet as she begins to clean the vegetables .
she always leaves the water running when she 's cleaning vegetables .
she glances over at the fresh vegetables sitting in the strainer inside the sink , and the pans on the stove ; one has been boiling for the past few minutes .
we talk about the small garden she planted behind her newest house and how the only vegetable growing are the cucumbers .
i do n't garden and would n't know how to grow the easiest of vegetables , so again , i mostly just listen to her talk .
of course , there were some benefits , she acknowledged as she entered the kitchen to discover a vegetable casserole waiting for her in the oven and a large bowl of fresh fruit already set on the table .
you know it 's much healthier to eat fruit and vegetables . ''
in the kitchen , i busy myself wiping up fish scales and vegetable peelings .
` ` we need enough for an army , so do n't stop until you ca n't find another vegetable in this kitchen .
just pace yourself and be ... '' ` ` careful , '' i finished the sentence with an eye roll , and then rolled up my sleeves in order to wash the massive pile of vegetables in the tin bowl in front of me .
the vegetables were meant to go with a home - made dip that was being prepared opposite me , and nothing at this school was done simply .
i could probably go to the moon and he would n't notice , as long as i got the vegetables done .
with a sigh , i waited until the professor changed slides and then slipped out , hurrying back to the vegetables .
` ` i ' m cutting vegetables all day , nothing i ca n't handle . ''
i nodded , anything was better than cutting vegetables .
much more fun than cutting vegetables all day . ''
we farmed wheat and grew vegetables .
chapter 39 : ben ` ` he does n't trust me , '' i told sofia as she laid a plate of stir - fried vegetables on top of the wooden table inside her quarters in the catacombs .
wordlessly , he walked over to a plate in front of the fire , bent down and returned with another skewer of sea vegetables .
i was glad to see plenty of sea life surrounding us - different species of fish , crabs , oysters , and a variety of sea vegetables that brett was becoming so expert at roasting .
i kneel by the vegetable patch , close my eyes and pray for guidance .
vegetables and herbs lay strewn around the dirt patch that was once a bountiful wonder .
i work tirelessly to replant what i can of the vegetables that clark ripped up from my garden .
i bring each vegetable to my nose and breathe in the earthy sweetness before placing it with the others in my basket .
i ' ve grown these vegetables and herbs myself .
having picked all the ripe rewards from the bountiful vegetable patch , i decide it 's time to weed .
frankie looks up from placing vegetables onto serving dishes , and rather than smiling , she looks down at my clothes and pales .
he 'd been planning on a steak tonight , and grilling up some vegetables with it .
she 'd found the steak he 'd had marinating and sliced it up , along with the vegetables .
he was pretty good with a grill , and during the summer he had an endless supply of fruit and vegetables to fill up on , but everything else was simply fuel .
she could clean someone else 's toilets until they sparkled and keep their chickens and pigs fed and weed their rows of vegetables .
grayson pushed his chair back as if he planned to come with her , but her mother quickly held out her arm and said , ` ` grayson , could you take a look at my vegetable bed ?
do you remember the dance you used to do around the vegetable bed ? ''
jake transferred the vegetables to a plate , then sliced the pork roast he 'd heated up on the plate beside it .
* * * nicola walked out into the backyard with a large tray of cut vegetables and dip just as sophie asked marcus what was new in his life .
when devlin reached over to pick up her bowl and returned it filled with a hearty beef and vegetable stew , she smiled .
the menu that came out of regina 's kitchen was restricted to skeletal pieces of meat or fish that were accessorized with flamboyant but insubstantial vegetables .
hearing chester grunt in frustration , she went over to the other man , who was n't having a lot of luck with a pile of fresh greens and vegetables .
` ` damn vegetables , '' he said while almost slicing off his finger .
devlin was making dinner downstairs and she could catch a whiff of stir - fry vegetables drifting up from the kitchen .
and then he proceeded to shoo everyone else out of the place , from the doggen who were prepping vegetables to the ones who were polishing silver to the window cleaners in the alcove beyond .
also , a rather touching shame that reminded assail of root vegetables fresh out of a cellar .
he took another spoonful of the rich soup that had been prepared before him from vegetables he had gone out and dug from the earth himself .
as a last resort , she hit the vegetable drawer- ` ` yes , '' she said in a rush as her hand snapped out for a grab .
little hard to transition from ending their relationship to root frickin ' vegetables .
` ` chunky vegetable beef with brown gravy ? ''
` ` if your dad does n't mind , you can go get two packets of taco seasoning while i get the vegetables and meat organized . ''
a tall , slim redhead stands there in the fruit and vegetable section , holding a stick of celery .
callie broke away from bri as she spoke , turning back to her vegetables on the stove .
despite my growling stomach , i set my knife down , and once it became clear i was n't going to eat it , my plate was replaced with some kind of vegetable and pork in a sauce that smelled even worse than the salad .
` ` it helps keep the bad bugs in the garden from eating all the vegetables . ''
madison chuckled at his imitation of his tattletale sister and tried her steamed vegetables .
she would rather have chopped vegetables or grated cheese .
he had no idea what vegetables he happened to be trampling , but he was n't worried about it .
or a cowboy steak with pasta and grilled vegetables for two bucks more .
` ` linley , please have mrs . poulson send a ham , a turkey , eggs , flour , sugar , salt , nuts , wine and some fresh fruits and vegetables to the mctavish cottage .
she addressed a scullery maid , who dropped the vegetables she was cutting and hurried over .
he 'd been in training almost since he was a toddler , had been raised on vegetables and lean protein .
plenty of fruit and vegetables .
she 'd bought tri - tip , roasted vegetables , corn on the cob and some thick - sliced bread from a place called just like mom 's .
` ` he needs to stick with lean proteins and vegetables , '' callie said .
` ` as far as vegetables go , we have iceberg lettuce , pickles and tomatoes .
` ` i 'll see that he finishes his vegetables tonight , '' she teased and walked them out to the car .
grace studied the fruits and vegetables and other things they 'd laid out for sale .
she tasted her steamed vegetables and found them bland after all the other flavors .
the fruit - and - vegetable bin contained one apple and a few carrots .
it was n't like they were talking about growing vegetables .
` ` green vegetables are good for you .
they gather a lot of vegetables and a mixture of yam , fruit , mushrooms and tubers that they call manioc .
and the steamed vegetables and coffee cake .
copper pots hung on hooks above an island , a wheat grinder was affixed to the counter , and a string of garlic hung from the ceiling along with baskets of fresh herbs and vegetables .
he piled his plate high , added the steamed vegetables she 'd brought and a homemade roll and turned on his football tapes .
he grew most of his own fruits and vegetables in his garden , and he did n't eat a lot of processed foods .
` ` there 're more vitamins and minerals in a tablespoon of wheatgrass juice than- '' ` ` i know - a whole grocery sack of fresh vegetables , '' mike broke in , chuckling .
grab a bowl and start cutting up vegetables for a salad .
she told him she grew up on a farm with fresh fruit and vegetables and long days spent playing in the barn .
she was too busy taking the pot roast and vegetables out of the oven and transferring the food from pans into bowls .
there were vegetable gardens in this part of the compound , too .
which i assume are slow , because they 're named after a vegetable .
the cook - also dressed in red , and clearly another citizen - tossed them onto our trays , and we continued down the serving line , noelle mindlessly piling my plate with limp , gray vegetables , something yellow that might have been fruit once upon a time , and a brownie that looked hard enough to break a window .
at least hannah did n't crack a smile as he led the way into the dining room , where a hot lunch of turkey , potatoes , crisp vegetables , and biscuits with gravy waited for us .
when she 'd hang out in the kitchen with him and drink wine while she watched him slice vegetables .
heather just shook her head and opened the vegetable drawer .
they talked about the studio day care some more ; it was montessori , georgie said - for probably the third time that night - and the kids had their own vegetable garden .
he 's dicing vegetables and i watch as his muscles flex .
canned corn , peas , sloppy joe sauce , powdered milk , rice , kidney beans , and vegetable oil .
there was always a pot of vegetable stew bubbling away , and since it was close to the third meal of the day , she found bread cooling on the table .
he did have some , and she wound up showing him how to care for some of the vegetables .
they were sitting at a table , chopping vegetables for cook , who was in no mood for nonsense .
tam was already there , and he handed jael a bowl with stewed vegetables in it as he came in .
some must be herbs , as he did n't see fruits and vegetables , but others hung heavy with the produce that went into cook 's pot on a daily basis .
` ` i could be persuaded , if you eat some vegetables . ''
` ` because i ate vegetables before . ''
poking through the cabinets did n't reveal many vegetables .
that counted as a vegetable .
i strained the broth , then added the vegetables .
` ` i 'll have the warm vegetable salad and the smoked pork tenderloin .
in the kitchen , i hunt around for food inside the refrigerator , which is packed with fruits and vegetables but none of the awesome thai we had last night .
because i do n't know what to say that would sound rational at the moment , i continue to eat my pasta until every last noodle and vegetable is gone .
inside the refrigerator , i find a tightly - wrapped sandwich filled with roasted vegetables and a big portobello mushroom .
the beef dish is a simple but tasty one , and after we ' ve squeezed the last bit of lime into the sauce pan to join the butter basted meat , fresh tomatoes , and vegetables , dinner is ready to be plated .
lila is filling up a pot under the faucet when i enter the kitchen , and fresh vegetables and seasonings cover the counters .
i ask as i assess the frozen vegetable selection , tapping my finger on my lips as i decide which one to get .
mason and i high five then jax steers the cart toward the vegetable section so we can get my vegetable requests .
mason and i high five then jax steers the cart toward the vegetable section so we can get my vegetable requests .
quinton is saying something to tristan in a low tone as they veer around the carts of vegetables , but tristan is n't looking at quinton , only me .
` ` i should give you detention , '' he said , sounding for all the world like a kid faced with eating the most dreaded of vegetables , ` ` but i know how hard you girls have been working lately to get ready for the big game against hillside this weekend , and i can only imagine how much stress you ' ve been under . ''
i hope you like chicken and vegetables . ''
my stomach rumbled as i poked my fork into the grilled vegetables .
he was gigantic and reminded me of the jolly green giant from the vegetable cans .
lucy made the best dessert and while scrubbing the house , i 'd steamed some vegetables .
he made sure that we had a vegetable every night at dinner , even though i was usually the one to cook .
she needs to eat vegetables .
we grow our own vegetables .
i was cutting up some vegetables for dinner and kept my focus on the knife .
while i sat watching b 's new uncle and soon to be aunt swoon over her , danica handed me some vegetables to cut up .
i took a bite of vegetables , still wondering how hers always tasted better than mine .
the salads were just about the only thing on the menu that i would even eat , and only because it was really hard to screw up raw vegetables .
oh , there was a crust and some mozzarella cheese under there somewhere , but the whole top of the pizza was covered with some sort of exotic meat , a suspicious spicy - smelling white sauce , and steamed vegetables , cut into fancy shapes , of course .
it was kind of hard to mess up raw vegetables , but the chefs at mythos did their very best , cutting the carrots , lettuce , and tomatoes into froufrou shapes and marinating them in weird sauces .
the lettuce and other vegetables had a nice , fresh crunch to them , while the thick layer of mayonnaise on the grilled bun provided a bit of a cool contrast .
we heated up our dinner - a thick , hearty roasted potato soup that rachel had made this morning , along with grilled chicken sandwiches topped with fresh vegetables and a spicy , horseradish mayonnaise on herbed focaccia bread .
i supposed he was my favorite harc officer , but that was a bit like having a favorite vegetable .
the bread was soft and fresh , the bean spread and vegetables inside delicious .
but i force - feed myself a ton of vegetables to counteract the bad stuff with good .
to be honest , i do n't remember what we were even talking about , but his lips quirk and he adds , ` ` not so sure about yourself when you 're not armed with vegetables ? ''
` ` packing vegetables all day .
` ` i expressed it with vegetables , remember ? ''
he went back inside to retrieve raine and a fresh packet of frozen vegetables .
another package of frozen vegetables was wrapped around the badly abused joint .
twenty - eight the chef carried a large knife that looked like it had been designed to slice and dice something other than vegetables .
jake was dousing the vegetables with olive oil .
he sprinkled salt over the vegetables .
even if she did make the best stir - fried vegetables in the entire state of oregon .
colby asked casually , as he helped himself to more of diana 's stir - fried vegetables .
` ` no offense , but is stir - fried vegetables and rice the only thing you know how to make ?
` ` i guess it 's a good thing i like vegetables , too . ''
` ` i thought it was the man 's job to open the wine and sit around watching while the woman washed vegetables . ''
that 's a lot of vegetables . ''
diana heaved herself up out of the mass of old coffee grounds , wet paper towels and vegetable peelings .
gil asked as he helped himself to a heaping plate of the stir - fried vegetables diana had prepared .
rice and stir - fried vegetables .
` ` i remember the days when the only dish you could make was stir - fried vegetables , '' brandon said .
` ` not that your stir - fried vegetables and rice were n't terrific , '' brandon added quickly .
` ` under your father 's expert tutelage , i have become a whiz at reading cookbooks , clipping coupons and shopping for something besides vegetables . ''
` ` between house - hunting , learning how to cook something besides stir - fried vegetables and getting ready for the baby , i 'll bet you ' ve hardly missed your old job . ''
she eyed the gleaming stainless - steel vegetable steamer on the counter .
as she had suspected , the tomatoes were little more than pulp inside the plastic vegetable bag .
a vegetable plot occupied a section near the house .
a variety of vegetables , including the broccoli , stood on the counter .
mitchell tackled his stir - fry vegetables with gusto .
there was an array of appetizing dishes including a beautiful vegetable pate , curried potato salad studded with fresh green peas , cold asparagus spears dressed in hollandaise sauce , little savory pastries filled with shrimp , and cold soba noodles steeped in a ginger - flavored marinade .
to the left , a large stainless steel fridge with clear glass doors showed off rows of water , orange juice , and gatorade on one side , and deli meat , yogurt , salads , and plastic bowls filled with cut vegetables and fruit on the other .
` ` since you ' ve finished the dishes , you can start chopping onions for the vegetable tart i ' m going to make .
then there was a little cafe in spain where i picked up a few pointers on vegetables .
caitlin and tavi both ordered the fresh pea soup with mint and the vegetable pilaf .
the flavors in the sauce would be perfectly blended by tonight when it was brought out to be served with fresh vegetables at the evening meal .
` ` have some of this vegetable pat6 , '' he ordered , smearing the green concoction on a triangle of toast .
but do n't try anything kinky with verity 's vegetable stew or oatmeal muffins .
this was a poor village and her willingness to pay well for good food and vegetables was much appreciated locally .
i also pay well for fresh tortillas and fresh vegetables .
cidra studiously avoided looking at the meat as she examined her own plate of vegetables .
well , if he were willing to do without some of the vegetable packs , she might not starve to death .
for someone who had been brought up to appreciate exquisitely prepared food , the prospect of two weeks of preserved vegetables was not a pleasant one .
there were several prespacs containing meat and two containing vegetables .
` ` i ' ve been thinking about that skeleton back in the alien ship , '' cidra said later as she finished eating her vegetables .
eleonore surveyed the island filled with meat and vegetables , all in perfectly sized portions , wrapped in plastic or placed into the ziploc bags .
it had four wire shelves , each with a neat label written in permanent marker on a piece of white tape : beef , pork and chicken , seafood , and vegetables .
you put vegetables into it , push a button , and it chops them into tiny pieces . ''
` ` why would you need an appliance to chop vegetables ?
or be in shock and turn into a catatonic vegetable .
dylan would disappear and return with food ; not kills or stolen potatoes , but fresh vegetables and pheasant and fish prepared for rich men 's tables .
` ` fresh vegetables , '' she said , pulling out bags from her crisper drawer .
the top of the trol ey opened like a flower , revealing half a dozen larger dishes , each supporting long skewers threaded with vegetables and meat .
ven took a plate from the trol ey , used a fork to slide the meat and vegetables off the skewer onto it , and passed it to her .
connor watched yvette 's every move as she oiled a saute pan and tossed the vegetables and tomatoes into it .
yvette took out her anger by banging the vegetables around in the pan .
` ` why do n't you go find some other vegetables to play with ? ''
mahindar was busily going through the pantry , making disparaging noises , and channan sat quietly at the table , cutting up vegetables and plopping them into a bowl .
channan simply turned back to her tandoor and stirred the vegetables inside .
fragrant steam rose from the chicken and vegetables mahindar put onto elliot 's plate , which he covered with a piece of flat , teardrop - shaped bread called naan .
the house of whitewashed stone with slate roof looked in good repair , and a neat garden with rows of cabbages , carrots , greens , and other vegetables ran alongside it .
` ` vegetables still grow in this garden .
` ` finish picking your vegetables , '' he said .
she found komal in the kitchen , chopping vegetables , pots on the stove boiling , the fire high under the clay oven .
behind him , komal kept chopping vegetables , watching in her quiet way .
he wondered if there was a rule that you had to love all of someone , or whether you could pick out only the best parts , like piling your plate full of desserts at a buffet table and leaving the vegetables to go cold in their little metal bins .
` ` i just do , '' peter said , obviously pleased with himself as they left behind the billboards and gas stations for a series of small towns with white churches and general stores and vegetable stands .
she could hear someone cutting vegetables and pulling down pots , the singing of the gas stove , and the screen door banging shut .
she could hear the rest of her family joking around in the kitchen : patrick pelting sponges at annie , nate rattling off statistics about energy efficiency in dishwashers , and mom helping megan wash vegetables as she explained the basis for her latest research project .
from having to eat vegetables or wear itchy tights to stubbing her toe or being stuck in bed with a sore throat , elephant was the antidote to it all .
behind her , hadley can see about a dozen people sitting on dark green couches , a tray of colorful vegetables on the table in front of them and several bottles of champagne on ice .
after nearly running him over , they 'd fixed him up with a shoe box full of fruit and vegetables for the rest of the drive- '' the luxury suite , '' dad had called it - but now he roamed free around the apartment , occasionally getting wedged beneath the ratty couch that had come with the place .
faster than a machine , she julienned a pile of vegetables , the morning light glinting off her knife .
also vegetables . ''
strange , but traveling did deprive one of vegetables .
she skipped forward and ooohed her approval at the two places set at the kitchen table , the plates heaped with chicken casserole and roasted vegetables .
he rose , reached to the counter for the casserole dish , and spooned second helpings of chicken and vegetables onto her plate .
if she were somehow able to parlay her exhibition at the dam into publicity for her new act , the victory would be empty if there was something wrong with elijah , if he lost his power permanently , if he were a vegetable , if he died .
` ` just like your vegetable of a boyfriend . ''
steak and eggs with steamed vegetables ?
his vegetables also needed to be cut into small bites .
i asked her to serve john steak and eggs with steamed vegetables while i ran to the trailer and took the quickest shower of my greasy spoon career .
only it was n't a guard who entered her cell , but a kind - faced nun bearing a wooden tray laden with a plate of broiled chicken , fresh vegetables , and a loaf of bread still warm and soft instead of hard and stale and crawling with worms .
a section of fruit trees , another of vegetables , all carefully weeded .
kristine watched in amazement as the doors at the far end of the ballroom opened to reveal a dozen long tables covered with white damask cloths and laden with food : whole roast pigs , game hens stuffed with wild rice , racks of lamb , platters of seafood , huge bowls of vegetables in rich sauces , baskets of bread and rolls .
vegetables and fruit , bread and rolls .
shaking off the morbid thought , she opened the refrigerator to put the milk , butter , vegetables , fruit , and cheese away .
she never tired of it , but , according to some prenatal guidelines she 'd read on the web , she knew she needed to eat fruits and vegetables and drink lots of milk for the baby 's sake .
she was n't hungry , but knowing she had to eat something , and to please logan , she ordered the grilled lobster and summer vegetables with spicy herbed butter .
leaving the house an hour later , she drove to her favorite restaurant , where she ordered half a tuna salad sandwich , a cup of vegetable soup , and a glass of iced tea .
ben ushered us all over to the table , bringing out a stuffed chicken , mashed potatoes , and grilled vegetables .
i noticed that the food on the tray was the chicken - and - rice casserole i 'd brought , with a dab of mixed vegetable casserole and two of my biscuits .
the menu , as decided by amelia , was tossed green salad with tomatoes and slivered carrots , lasagna , hot garlic bread , and steamed fresh mixed vegetables .
i do n't know diddly - squat about steamed vegetables , but i had prepared all the raw materials - the zucchini , bell peppers , mushrooms , cauliflower .
they 'd start you off with perennials , followed two months later by flowering houseplants , then vegetables and fruits .
kimber heads back to her room , and i bag up the vegetables i was cutting and put everything back in the refrigerator .
he scoops up the peppers and onions and dumps them into the hot skillet , shaking it around and flipping the vegetables .
` ` but you have to eat your vegetables . ''
i ' m sure they 're something like , did you eat your vegetables ?
no one can remember why vegetables are supposed to be part of a meal .
randahl stared at slices of roasted beef and the mound of fresh vegetables .
` ` looks like there 's a couple good servings left of this vegetable casserole .
` ` even so , '' saetan continued , ` ` you should eat some of the beef and vegetables . ''
` ` vegetable omelet and '' -her eyebrows rose as she cut into the other one- '' seafood omelet . ''
he took a piece of toast , then a bite of the vegetable omelet .
there 's a steak pie , a vegetable casserole , and some fruit . ''
a few vegetables , a few herbs .
that was the only explanation he had for marian trying to clear , close to half an acre of land in order to plant a few vegetables , herbs , and flowers .
she 'd never be able to clear all of this and have the pleasure of seeing vegetables ripen and flowers bloom this year .
she looked at the counter ... and frowned at the bowl of cut vegetables .
it 's just not the vegetable i would have given a woman who was holding a sharp knife and was pissed off at men . ''
` ` and i was so annoyed with him , i did n't pay attention to what he was doing , and the next thing i knew the meat was cooking and the rest of the vegetables were ready to go in when it was time . ''
i paid close to a million gold marks to cover all the debts that were owed to all the merchants who would no longer allow anyone in your family to buy so much as a spool of thread or a handful of vegetables on account .
she gestured toward the neat shelves , the small , high - sided tables piled with vegetables and fruits .
` ` i think we should add a few vegetables to this , '' blaed said .
* they turned away from each other and began selecting vegetables at random , ignoring the old woman who watched them anxiously .
returning to the full counter , he used craft to float the vegetables so they would n't bruise the fruit and offered the wide - eyed woman a shrug and a smile .
the thick beef and vegetable stew had been delicious , as had been the bread , cheese , and slightly tart apples , and she 'd consumed them with enthusiasm .
the dark - haired centaur had stood near the dining table , eating a vegetable omelet while talking with morton , a blond - haired , blue - eyed warlord from glacia .
he 'd forgotten how sensual food could be , and over the past few days had savored the taste of rare beef and new potatoes , of roasted chicken and fresh vegetables .
humans use them to alter the flavor of meat and vegetables . ''
surreal led the way to the market square , where she bought folded breads filled with chicken and vegetables from one vendor , small beef pies from another , and fresh fruit from a third .
along with a bowl of stew and sticks of cornbread , there were fruit , cheese , nut cakes , cold ham , cold beef , a whole roasted chicken , a platter of vegetables , fresh bread , honey butter , and a pitcher of milk .
i quickly prepped the dinner i 'd planned by dicing vegetables for the salad and setting the table .
` ` no , '' i answered , becoming decidedly more interested in my plate of vegetables .
now he told me , ` ` and we 're learning to can vegetables !
and as it got closer to six thirty and the impending ginger kryptonite , this vegetable platter was the only thing keeping me from running to the bedroom and grinding on my hand for a few minutes .
he looked down at the vegetables , then back up at me .
i investigated the cold room , pleased to see that aunt maude 's jars of vegetables and preserves were still stacked neatly along the shelves , all dated from last season .
and the most gorgeous and well - tended vegetable garden i ' ve ever seen .
a few vegetables ?
within minutes i had a decent amount of vegetables chopped , a pot of water simmering for rice , and a couple of chicken br**sts in the oven , planning to use the extra one later in the week for lunch or in a salad .
but after a moment , all i heard was vegetables cooking , so i went back to them .
and the vegetables ?
noodles , panfried shrimp , crispy pot stickers , spicy sauteed vegetables ; it was a feast .
the vegetable and herb gardens created for use not only in the on - site restaurant but for the community .
i asked , then ladled him a bowlful of chicken soup made with rich broth , eggy noodles , and packed with vegetables .
` ` let me just get you the peeler , '' i said , coming up behind him and pressing myself against him as i curled around his side to grab the vegetable peeler from the other sink .
this is n't about sitting up straight or eating more vegetables , but we do need to have a conversation about your posture .
i was preparing vegetables for the grill and stirring some saffron rice when he came in after a shower .
he asked , walking over to where i was chopping vegetables at the counter .
since i did n't eat chicken , it was rice and mixed vegetables for me , but even simple food was better than dirty rice or stew .
it was also the near end of what had been a long and unfortunately creative week in the st . sophia 's kitchen : meatloaf with wasabi mustard sauce ; vegetable mix with parsnips , whatever those were ; and roasted potatoes - the funky purple ones .
and i knew my mom was the serious one who made sure i ate green vegetables , but loved getting pedicures while she read gossip magazines .
he nodded , then began the very careful process of layering meats , cheeses , vegetables , and condiments on his dagwood .
the conversation took place while we heaped meat loaf and vegetables on our plates , sprinkled salt and pepper , sipped at the iced tea that already sat in our glasses .
we convened in the sitting area of ethan 's office over a plate of vegetables and hummus i 'd ordered from the kitchen .
ethan turned up his nose at the vegetables , but i was starving , and he found me petulant enough on a full stomach to avoid low - blood - sugar grouchiness .
it brimmed with an assortment of meats and casseroles and vegetables , a steaming yeast roll parked on top like the cherry on a sundae .
the food was homemade , from steaming casseroles and roasted vegetables to pink - frosted and coconut - topped cakes .
margot pul ed a smal cart into the kitchen , its top and bottom shelves laden with healthy snacks and the crunchy sorts of vegetables that only tasted good when drowned in creamy dil dressing .
more vegetables .
it was probably eight feet tal , and each of the shelves was lined with rows of home - canned fruits and vegetables .
smels from the kitchen - hot oil and acidic green vegetables .
she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden and she was going to pick some things .
i nodded and pushed around some chunks of unidentifiable vegetable - cauliflower , maybe ?
chapter twelve notable nostalgia eventually , the boys ' and girls ' clubs came back together , meeting in the dining room at an enormous table ( also new ) for a meal of roast beast ( undetermined origin ) , mashed root vegetable ( undetermined origin ) , and other assorted dishes .
my grandmother had been an amazing cook - a whiz with vegetables and salt pork - and she 'd undoubtedly sparked the appreciation of it in both of us .
since ethan usually tried to ply me with protein and vegetables , rather than foods of the overprocessed , candy - coated , and deep - fried varieties , i did n't think the distinction held much water .
` ` normally , i 'd trade carbs and cheese for some green vegetables , maybe a little spice , or something with a little vinegar .
the apples , the vegetables , the salad and chicken ... nothing .
the sound of meat searing in a pan , the process of chopping fresh vegetables for a perfectly seasoned medley , and the usual chaos of the kitchen environment were all music to my ears .
she took some vegetables out of the fridge and began chopping them .
i set down the knife i was using to chop vegetables and made the few steps to the door .
he listened , and i went back to chopping up some vegetables for a salad .
chapter thirteen ` ` fiber - the parts of grains , fruits , and vegetables that contain cellulose and are not digested by the body .
i called and placed an order for too much , making sure i got plenty of the vegetable lo mein piper liked so much .
i felt like i was seven again and my mother told me i had to eat all my vegetables before i could go outside to play .
we have acres of the best vegetables in the world growing deep in this system . ''
beyond the rows of cottage - like homes , each with attached vegetable gardens , was a massive setup like a medieval fair with canvas booths .
there were dozens of farms and what looked like small homes and cabins , each with an attached vegetable garden , clustered along one portion of a long winding lane near the forest .
vegetable gardens grew at either the side or the back of every house , lush gardens that should n't have been growing like this in late march , so high in the mountains .
there were vegetable gardens and fruit orchards everywhere , each with that shimmering shield overhead , just like diallo 's courtyard garden .
the smell of sauteing vegetables and meat , especially since it did n't smell of burmese ginger and turmeric , was one of those pleasures .
rachel grew her own organic vegetables , touted the benefits of communal living , and despised the war above all things .
no one was shopping for vegetables at kroger in grant 's house .
my dad gave me fifty bucks a week to pick up what i wanted , and i gravitated toward yogurt and vegetables to snack on , and on occasion , lean meats to cook for my dad and me .
as the pile of processed and packaged foods like spaghettios and jellied cranberries grew higher in the cart , i asked , ` ` do you have a problem with fruits and vegetables ? ''
i marched down aisles , adding ingredients i would need , including a bag of chicken br**sts and disposable plastic food containers i could use to keep chopped fruits and vegetables for his brothers to eat during the week .
` ` steamed vegetables . ''
she asked me , dishing up rice and vegetables onto four plates .
she thinks the big bang theory is just a tv show and that a tomato is a vegetable .
they do n't wash their fruits and vegetables there , you know .
i paused in the middle of chopping vegetables for a salad as i read the text from devin .
` ` vegetable ? ''
that woman 's so resourceful , she can create a generator out of bubble gum and vegetable oil .
forcing a smile for her dinner guests , she turned to the tile - topped island and a pile of the last fresh vegetables .
she sped - chop , chop , chop - through the rest of the vegetables , tossed them in a bowl , and circled round the island toward the carved oak table .
does his homework and eats all his vegetables . ''
he looked past a table of locals eating summer vegetables and fruits to a group of tourists tearing into a loaf of turkish bread .
` ` i need to collect the vegetables now or there wo n't be an evening meal . ''
she bent to retrieve the vegetables alix had not so subtly dropped on the floor .
she inhaled and the aroma of beef stock and vegetables drifted upward .
by noon , she rolled out of bed and made herself a cup of vegetable soup .
he 'd driven into town where a new boston market had opened up and brought home a full dinner of chicken , mashed potatoes , vegetables and dinner rolls .
` ` so he ate his vegetables as a boy , did he ? ''
she devoured riley 's delicious and impressive fluffy omelet loaded with freshly chopped vegetables and cheese , along with toast and a large glass of orange juice before heading off to bed .
she realized he 'd already taken out presliced chicken strips and now he was slicing fresh vegetables on a cutting board .
you can buy precut vegetables , as well , but it takes me no time and i 'd rather eat fresh .
now i ' m nearly ready to toss the vegetables into the wok . ''
still wound tight , he tossed the last handful of vegetables into the wok with too much force and oil splattered up at him .
he stirred the vegetables and poured them into a bowl , covering it with foil to keep warm while he cooked the chicken .
taylor had made spaghetti with an olive oil sauce with tons of vegetables and garlic bread and a salad .
next level , instead of fruits and vegetables , you ' ve got the three cs : cookies , candy and caffeine .
you need to ease up on those and add more protein and vegetables to your diet .
` ` if you could be any vegetable in the world , what would you be and why ? ''
` ` but that 's not actually a vegetable , is it ? ''
` ` i ' ve taken the liberty of sending ' round to the bird in hand inn for a roast goose , bread , a half - dozen pies , and assorted boiled vegetables for supper , as well as provisions for the servants . ''
charlotte was pushing together a mound of creamed potatoes and parsnips , pressing the tines into the fluffy vegetables to make small , parallel furrows .
a few vegetables such as turnips or carrots and the like .
` ` there 's no need , '' she said blithely as she served him the misshapen vegetables .
` ` vegetables and good english beef , simply prepared , are quite beneficial for the constitution , '' she said .
` ` every man eats vegetables tonight , right ? ''
she stared disapprovingly down at the vegetable .
` ` pay heed : the artichoke is a shy vegetable .
the housekeeper bustled around the table serving roasted chicken , boiled vegetables , jellies , and fruit .
i need money to buy some beef , vegetables , bread , tea , and milk .
` ` i had just begun discussing the amount of fresh vegetables we buy every month for the home . ''
they pushed wheelbarrows with wilting vegetables or carried trays empty now of pies and fruit .
and the women gathered berries and vegetables from the woods and fields once the green things began to grow . ''
` ` of course i- '' ` ` and the children need some fresh vegetables .
she was arranging vegetables and pieces of meat in the pie .
jasper had actually first seen pynch in the stocks , stoically receiving spoiled vegetables to the face .
` ` who is it who chops the vegetables for my soup , good cook ? ''
* * * olivia and her mother shared a light dinner of rice and steamed vegetables .
she lifted her fork to her mouth and bit into a piece of spicy chicken , hoping the sight of her chewing would distract him from the fact that sylvie 's plate still contained the rice , chicken , and vegetables it had entered the room with .
the aromas of grilled fish , rice , and a variety of vegetables filled her nostrils .
i drag her off the couch , trudge into the kitchen , and get some steak and vegetables out of the fridge .
she had him living like a vegetable all those months in the hopes of saving him and then she just went into his room and yanked all the equipment off of him herself .
she had several shelves of vegetables and a variety of soups .
tansy pushed the vegetables into his hands .
the way he handled the knife with efficiency , chopping vegetables for stir - fry while she pulled her frying pan out of the locked chest where she kept her cooking pots , seemed to fascinate her .
he heated a small amount of oil and tossed in the chopped vegetables .
he let the first surge of anger wash over him and dissipate while he lifted the frying pan off the heat and tossed the vegetables .
he removed the vegetables from the heat and turned completely to face her , his face settling into hard lines .
he deftly added the vegetables to the rice and took the plates she handed him to serve the meal on .
i doubt if he survived , and if he did , he 's a vegetable . ''
` ` and the vegetable salad . ''
sometimes it was difficult to force herself to eat fruit or vegetables .
who knew it would be so difficult to take a few spoonfuls of vegetable soup ?
she recognized the aroma of vegetable soup .
so many emotions swam inside rick on that short walk he felt like a pot of stew filled with tons of beef and the perfect amount of vegetables to add color and spice to the blend .
his mother stood in front of the sink washing vegetables when he walked inside .
the produce department had him picking up every vegetable and looking at it as if it came from the moon .
` ` i 'll pick out the vegetables .
after fondling a few apples and bagging three pounds of grapes , janet worked her way to the back of the store where the organic vegetables were kept .
janet dropped her handful of vegetables .
` ` roasted meats , boiled vegetables ... stew .
helen helped pass trays loaded with cooked meats , bread , and vegetables around the table .
she bought packets of seeds for several types of plants , fruits and vegetables .
tara noticed the small fence surrounding her precious vegetables when she walked in .
max digging up her vegetables ? ''
even during their wedding feast , she 'd asked him mentally what he wore under his kilt , while she playfully placed a buttered vegetable to her lips .
she worked in the gardens tending the vegetables and herbs .
i take a bite of the crunchy vegetables .
candi did n't argue , she just turboed her way through the aisles , filling the cart about a quarter of the way with fresh fruit and vegetables , cheese , pastas and rice , and then some eggs and meats .
i find a big old sharp knife in a drawer that looks like the one in the picture i saw , and put the papery vegetables on the cutting board that 's always out .
i give up on chopping any more vegetables and just sweep them into a pan with some oil .
i feel like a vegetable - a big leafy green one with zero personality .
there 's fruit , vegetables , and several jars of baby food in there .
walking over to the canned vegetables just a few feet away from the woman , i exclaim , ` ` oh , look !
i also saw some scary vegetable looking things , and then some stuff that was neither meat nor vegetable but was covered in dirt .
i also saw some scary vegetable looking things , and then some stuff that was neither meat nor vegetable but was covered in dirt .
i 'd served the fowl with a sauce using the meager ingredients i had , plus sauteed vegetables , sliced cheese and fresh fruit for dessert .
the meat was tender , the vegetables cooked just right and the gravy was wonderful .
farzi and nenzi did n't have ready transportation and they were too busy trying to keep campiaa in fresh fruit and vegetables .
thankfully , one of rad 's kitchen employees was putting a vegetable dish together for ry and me .
i finished the fish , we got the vegetables onto our plates and ry and i sat in the kitchen and had a nice dinner while ilvan and radolf kept working .
` ` with a bit of sauce , risotto and vegetables , '' i suggested .
i oversaw the purchases of meat and vegetables .
send the information to me via comp - vid if you ca n't come in - i 'll let you know if we ca n't get the meats or vegetables ahead of time .
it was a steak that he shared with me , with stir - fried vegetables .
nenzi had helped me cook , cutting up vegetables and such .
now the farms were thriving and the casinos got fresh fruit and vegetables .
plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables found their way into the menu , as did nutritious soups and stews .
` ` we 're targeting an area in the garden district near the equator - most of the fruit and vegetables tulgalan produces comes from there and it 's the least populated in this particular portion - the oceans where the tourists visit are hundreds of clicks away .
food was in the keepers and cabinets that i could prepare if i wanted , or i could nibble on fresh fruits and vegetables if i were too exhausted to cook .
the wizards - three of them , plus the high commander and the one they called arvil , all received flat bread with sauce , cheese and vegetables .
i 'd served the ox - roast wrapped in mushrooms , sauce and pastry , in addition to baby vegetables , the soup arvil loved , crispy rolls , salad and dessert .
` ` followed by vegetables , pasta , sauces , desserts and main courses . ''
it made me wonder how much of the fruit and vegetables grish supplied to non - alliance worlds and if there would be a shortage as a result of the fields being used to grow drakus seed instead .
and i did n't shed a tear over grish - he 's probably been smuggling drugs and contraband with his fruit and vegetable shipments for years .
dinner was roast pork with a glaze , potatoes and new vegetables .
` ` we worry about two fields , '' farzi informed me as we selected fruits and vegetables to buy for the plantation .
we picked up butter and plenty of sour cream , all the vegetables and fruit we needed , plus several kinds of meats .
i 'd found some thick cuts at the market that looked fresh and tender , so we were serving those with a sauce and farzi 's baked potatoes , plus a green vegetable and a nice dessert .
our meal was a quick one , with pasta and vegetables added to seasoned broth .
` ` it 's just bland soup and vegetables , but it 's better than nothing , '' i say when i offer it to her .
` ` so we 'll each have sirloin steak cooked medium , bearnaise sauce if you have it , fries , and green vegetables , whatever the chef has ; and bring me the wine list . ''
` ` you can chop the vegetables . ''
` ` you ' ve never chopped a vegetable ? ''
the next display is by a female painter who specializes in figurative art - fruit and vegetables super close up and in rich , glorious color .
` ` they remind me of you chopping vegetables in my apartment . ''
for the next two hours , i chopped , sliced , stirred , and stuffed al types of meats and vegetables .
i cleaned his vegetables !
each one had salmon and steamed vegetables along with a roll .
her face blushed and she began playing with her vegetables .
wanted short story i stood at the kitchen sink , rinsing off vegetables , as i listened to alex and colt fighting - again .
that will be followed by your main course of roasted lemon chicken with sage , thyme , and rosemary along with roasted root vegetables in a walnut dressing .
thomas and i ate our meals in silence , but it was clear what we thought of our microwaved grilled chicken with a teaspoon of sweet chili sauce and limp mixed vegetables .
i 'll look at my schedule , chicken and vegetable stir - fry , and hopefully , it will be amazing . ''
she knew he made his bed every morning like a soldier , that his bedroom was filled with two things - clothes and books - that he ate well - protein shakes , fruit , nuts , oatmeal , vegetables , grilled chicken , fish - and that he rolled his eyes every time he took in ari and trey 's side of the refrigerator - pizza , burgers , pudding , diet soda .
i took the salad bowl from him , dumping vegetables onto my plate as he scooped pasta al pomodoro onto his own .
` ` i do believe you know a whole lot of crap that no one cares about , '' dec said as he returned to the room with a bowl of steamed vegetables .
before going home i went food shopping , buying fresh fish , vegetables , and baby potatoes .
the vegetables , the fruit ... all of it was bursting with flavor .
cynthia snorted and dumped a bag of vegetables onto a cutting board .
marcus nodded as he swallowed a bite of his stir - fry , which by my estimation seemed to contain entirely meat and no vegetables .
there 's crazy shit in nature , like these spores that invade a caterpillar 's body and turn it into a vegetable , and then cannibals use it to make tattoo ink .
earth vegetables , couscous , flat bread , the last of their skinny moroccan chickens .
the food was carried in , great bowls of couscous spiked with vegetables , apricots , and almonds .
bulk bags of couscous , crates and crates of vegetables , chewy , hardscrabble chickens , and a king 's treasury of dried dates and apricots .
oh , and do n't forget the vegetable . ''
diced , seasoned potatoes and a small helping of steamed vegetables .
i was sure you were going to try and kill everyone , and instead , you were stubborn and pouty , refusing to change out of your filthy clothes and complaining about eating your vegetables . ''
melanie returned with generous platters of steak and vegetables , explaining she would be back in the morning to clean up .
that had lasted him a little while ; beyond that , he 'd been surviving on what he could glean from hedges and the odd vegetable patch .
i doubted she ate any vegetable matter beyond the occasional onion or potato , save her daily parritch .
amy had made a new vegetable patch near the old cabin ; neither she nor anyone else on the ridge would set foot here .
in autumn , the place held a ripely decadent smell of squashed fruit , decaying meat , and broken vegetables that was the signature to the changing of the guard in covent garden .
it was true ; frenchmen often invoked vegetables when cursing , not infrequently mingled with sacred references .
and so could turning the vegetable beds .
when jamie came back , though , bree looked up at him as he set the basket of vegetables on the table beside her .
there were a number of small gardens inside the fort , most of them practical plots meant for the production of vegetables .
he followed sandy outside into a night that seized and clung , the hot air so thick that it was hard to breathe , clogged with the smell of horse droppings , human ordure , fish scales , wilted vegetables , and fresh - slaughtered meat .
by noon , the pungent mix of animals , humans , sewage , rotting vegetable matter , resinous trees , river mud , and hot brick would be stifling , but for the moment , the faint scent lent a piquant touch to the gentle air .
he brushed dirt and vegetable matter from the bottom of his stocking and screwed his foot back into the shoe , lips compressed and a rather attractive flush showing across his cheekbones .
` ` the lass i was to we d had a basket on her lap , filled wi ' fruit and vegetables and other bits o ' food , and she said to me that she promised to feed me from her fields and care for me .
he stared at the vegetable for a moment , then stamped on it , mashing it into the ashes .
i stirred the heap gingerly , extracting a couple of possibilities : a carving knife that looked sharp , and a big , heavy knife of the sort used for chopping vegetables .
the trail meandered back and forth across the upper slopes of the ridge , offering me tantalizing glimpses through the trees of the settlement below : scattered cabins among the bright - flowered laurels , the fresh - turned black earth of vegetable gardens - i touched the digging knife at my belt , suddenly dying to have my hands in the dirt , to pull weeds ... ` ` oh , you are losing your grip , beauchamp , '' i murmured at the thought of ecstatic weed - pulling , but smiled nonetheless .
she was presently licking the vegetable in a meditative sort of way as she rocked along on clarence .
and a short spell of solitude amid the soothing company of the vegetable kingdom might lend me a bit of much - needed calm .
` ` cut up the vegetables and start the meat and get me another . ''
in movements so deliberate that i mimic a marionette on a string , i turn from him , take vegetables out of the fridge and close it .
who knew i 'd miss vegetables ?
chapter 59 haley the cutting of vegetables turns into a rote movement .
` ` i can help you cut vegetables . ''
i return to the vegetables .
chicken , vegetables , some carbs . ''
` ` get in here and help me cut vegetables .
after i cleaned up , i joined savannah at the island and helped her dice vegetables and prepare the salad and toppings for dinner .
when i walked back to the island , she was cutting vegetables for the salad .
she made sure i ate my vegetables , and she signed my permission slips for school .
no one told me which movies to see , how often to eat vegetables , or when to get my hair trimmed .
she grilled some steak on the stove , steamed some vegetables , and chopped everything up , piling it into a large bowl .
someone had pinned a plan of the ship in the brides ' canteen , and avice had found herself studying it several times , mulling bad - temperedly over vegetable stores , parachute packing rooms and pom - pom magazines that should , by rights , have been grand ballrooms and first - class cabins .
every day , shortly after nine , she would report for work in the back kitchen , alongside a near - silent chinese man who scowled and raised a huge knife at her if she did n't wash and slice the vegetables to his satisfaction .
small tugs unloaded huge crates of fresh fruit and vegetables , feeding them through hatches into the hold , while on the other side the tankers began to refuel the ship .
the closest supermarket was a supermarket in name only : there were two baskets of tired vegetables , and shelves of long - life food with brand names he had n't heard of , sitting , as they might well have done for months , under flickering strip lights .
he did n't know how to cook much more than a boiled egg , so they went each night to a cafe at the end of the street , huge , hearty meals of steak and kidney pie and overboiled vegetables , steamed puddings swimming in pale custard .
if there was milk or any dried vegetable to be had , a little spare usually found its way to the mayor 's house .
i walked backwards and forwards with loaded plates , trying not to breathe in the delicious scents , trying not to look at the roasted meat , glistening besides the bright vegetables .
for months , the clock had been buried underneath the vegetable patch that ran alongside his house , along with his silver teapot , four gold coins and the watch his grandfather had worn on his waistcoat , to prevent it disappearing into the hands of the germans .
' i would not have buried my wife under my vegetables , ' rene muttered .
there were benefits : when there were leftovers , several times a week , we shared them ( although now there tended to be the odd scraps of meat or vegetables , rather than a feast of chicken ) .
he waited , and when the pause grew uncomfortably long , i added , ' it 's sausage - meat , some vegetables and herbs , wrapped in cabbage leaves and poached in stock . '
food became ever scarcer , our official rations dropped , and i was expected to conjure feasts out of ever shrinking amounts of meat and vegetables .
only a few stalls were out , these days , some preserved meats , some fearsomely expensive eggs and a few vegetables , and an elderly man from la vendee who made new undergarments from old fabric .
i watched the bombed and pitted borders give way to more orderly towns , where whole rows of houses existed without visible damage , their black beams strident against white render , their gardens filled with pruned shrubs and well - tended vegetable patches .
to the british eye , australian supermarkets are a cornucopia , strange yet familiar , with an abundance of brightly coloured fruit and vegetables punctuated by alien delights such as violet crumbles and green 's pancake shake .
' lily , our last girl , had rather a clever habit of using that pan for two vegetables at once , ' meant you 're making too much mess .
his mother had told me to put three sorts of vegetables on the plate , even though he had said quite clearly that he did n't want vegetables that day .
his mother had told me to put three sorts of vegetables on the plate , even though he had said quite clearly that he did n't want vegetables that day .
i suppose i thought vegetables would be good for you ? '
i was so used to feeding thomas , whose vegetables had to be mashed to a paste and hidden under mounds of potato , or secreted in bits of pasta .
i felt they must have laughed privately at my attempts to feed will vegetables , or cut his hair - little things to make him feel better .
would it all be so much easier for you if he looked like - you know - a proper vegetable ? '
but the vegetable gardens were one of its hidden treasures , visited by few .
it sold home - made soup full of actual vegetables , and fancy cakes .
he lavishes on the homemade teriyaki sauce , scoop after scoop , until all the vegetables and meat and noodles are swimming in it .
does n't bother removing the bit of vegetable hanging off his lip and i swear it 's taunting me .
maybe parsnips and a green vegetable . ''
fragrant aromas of garlic and sauteed chicken and vegetables greeted me .
the sight of the thin noodles tossed in light sauce with chicken and julienned vegetables made my mouth water .
there was roast duck , stir - fried vegetables in fragrant curry , sticky jasmine rice , and several different noodle dishes .
nico tells me dinner is ready and puts out an entire meal of salad , vegetables and the main dish .
` ` celery does n't count as a legitimate vegetable when you smother it in buffalo sauce and an entire cup of ranch dressing , '' i informed him as i glanced down at my phone again .
he asked , taking out the carton of eggs and some vegetables .
he dines on a plate of steamed vegetables , ignoring the meat that provides the main course at this banquet .
you re stopping every hour just to water the vegetable , she said .
especially with me being a completely limp vegetable at that point .
i also had no desire to go back to the farm and live out my days as a pincushioned vegetable .
they re even eradicating the vegetables , i guess a few too many aggro incidents have pushed them over the edgethey were never really truly onboard with the c - shapes plan to begin with .
ill have the vegetable omelet with extra cheese and hash browns , i say as i do not even need to look through the menu .
my first cases were a god damned vegetable and a manic , michelle says as she takes another drink from her crystal glass of wine .
math and vegetables , and a full athletic get - out .
boffin loved life , but he did nt plan on being a vegetable , billions or not .
there are times when you just want the basicsa heap of meat , potatoes , and a few overcooked vegetables on the side .
many people lined the street , selling transgenic vegetables , used clothes , and canned food , and there were even those who dealt in flesh , sunna snapps , and/or stolen water rations .
she ate the dried fish , rice , assorted vegetables , and red meats they gave her , all without verbal or physical complaint .
justhis face split in a playful grinmake sure she takes care of herself and eats her vegetables , okay ?
get food , rations , any kind of fruit and vegetables you can find .
nuts , fruit , flowers , wheat , vegetables .
as he ate his pork , stuffing , mashed and roast potatoes , mixed vegetables and gravy , the tension between his hosts burrowed into him , and he felt a queer splice taking place insidemoroseness with a kind of morbid curiosity .
did you turn your uncle into a vegetable ?
michael caught the smell of roasted vegetables with herbs and a type of meat he could nt identify .
i do nt know about you , but i d rather die than be a vegetable .
another episode could kill him or turn him into a vegetable , but at the moment , he did nt care .
the food was rice and beans with some type of ham or sausage , applesauce , or what passed for it anyway , and steamed vegetables .
they also fed him cooked meat , hay , vegetables and anything else they could think of .
he also wondered about the fresh vegetables and fruit .
dog green had a plethora of vegetables and fruits that flourished .
agnes , wearing a brown skirt that comes annoyingly just beyond her knees , is walking around the garden with petra being shown the vegetables and other plants .
bin seems to be really enjoying himself , ' all those years hiding in dark , dingy caves in afghanistan i used to dream of doing something like this , having a simple life , catching a few fish and growing a few vegetables .
the vegetable doll lay peacefully back with its legs splayed ; there were dents from a pair of big knees in the flannel between them .
out of the corner of her eye she saw the vegetable doll shaking .
and just so i ' m 100 % crystal , because i ' m sure there are going to be questions at the office , that 's not an unconscious person , it 's literally vegetables , as opposed to animals or minerals ?
i m pretty sure that s the organophosphates talking , and that once you ve got your brain unfried , you re going to go back to eating your vegetables in a nonsexual way .
during another war of words with a market woman who sold vegetables , mrs . klavdia suddenly noticed something weird behind her opponents back ( a story as told by the main character of the event ) , this saucy girls shoving a bag with potatoes in my hands and demands money for two kilos .
the kitchen door and windows opened to the herb and vegetable garden and more often than not they were left ajar to let the breeze through .
the vegetable beds were well tended and food was always abundant but there was no attempt to try new breeds or do fancy analysis .
` ` today we start construction on the vegetable beds .
she loves reading , video games , documentaries , horror movies and vegetable patches .
they came in a huddle , holding their mugs and tupperware containers of bland - smelling vegetables and cold sandwiches , their eyes wide with friendly expectation .
franklin checked the vegetables in the garden , picking some turnips to feed the goats in the adjacent pen .
no one who is a zombie is trainable to do this , and you can bet your skinny ass that the stores are already denuded of their vegetables , meats , and canned goods .
the steep mountainsides which zombies could not climb had a abundance of wildlife as well as nuts , root plants , wild carrots , and other vegetables the people could eat .
the people ate them along with roasted carrots , celery , potatoes , mushrooms , and other vegetables raised in their gardens .
they grow vegetables similar to potatoes , but they tasted different .
the eben 's also grow other vegetables .
we had been sitting and talking in the tavern bar for some thirty minutes or so whilst enjoying our first course of vegetable soup when the front door was opened slowly , allowing the cool evening air to enter , clearing the stuffiness and rejuvenating the taverns atmosphere somewhat .
travel north to the land bridge that crosses the continents then on onto the iron hills , nothing lives there , to survive , everything must be taken into the land that is needed for there is nothing to eat , whether animal or vegetable and nothing to drink .
there was a garden of sorts surrounding the place , mostly vegetables grew there in neatly laid out plots , but also some wild flowers which i recognised as being the same as many we had passed during our journey up from gwldln .
many different plants , vegetables and fruit all grew here .
soon we settled down to eat a simple meal of some kind of stuffed vegetable which was very tasty and surprisingly filling .
meat for every meal , real vegetables .
in the end he settled on sea bass with steamed vegetables and mashed potato .
it seemed to sell everything , they even had some vegetables which was pretty unusual given the price of the licence you needed to sell them .
right , i picked up the bag of vegetables , defeated .
lola said , looking around at the fruit and vegetables in wonder .
the streets were lit by large free - standing lanterns that ran on some oil pressed from vegetables , i could smell carrots , then onions .
our torches were beginning to flicker as they drained the mixed vegetable oil soaked into their rags .
oh , i used to sell them vegetables , haggia said .
they passed over several villages with wooden houses and surrounded by vegetable gardens , and several men and women working in the gardens .
karen had recovered her poise and was helping herself to more vegetables .
it was like being in charge of a vegetable .
look , someone was here recently , i said , pointing to the remnants of some bread and vegetables lying on the ground .
the out - of - towners come in with meat and vegetables .
the man who we were following saw me eying a basket of vegetables .
when you saw regular people passing by in this anarchic society , they were often carrying some scrap they hoped would be useful , or maybe fruits or vegetables they wanted to trade in the central market .
i do nt go to the market to trade the vegetables .
there were old vegetable stores , a shop called bananatown , tobacco stores , clothing , cleaners , and book stores that had all closed more than thirty years ago .
there were several types of meat , some deliciously sweet fruit , a couple varieties of bread and some steaming vegetables that she did nt recognize .
along with the assortment of meats , fruits and vegetables there were six cups filled with three different kinds of drinks .
there had to be some way to snap out of this fantasy , even if it meant waking up to find himself a drooling vegetable .
we have nt had stew in a few months due to a shortage on vegetables this past quarter , but judging by the pile of cans in our bin there s been a delivery to the allocation centre .
every other day i spend my nights canning all sorts of foodrice , beans , slimy potatoes and vegetables , processed meat , and some slop that s unidentifiable even when you eat it .
all that will be left is yucky vegetables .
stowik walked past the plastic valves mounted on the winding dark gray tubing and grabbed some greenhouse - grown vegetables out of his refrigerator .
stowik reached into a box behind his seat to grab some vegetables .
stowik sighed loudly and offered some of his food to the girl , who hastily grabbed them from him and hastily began devouring the vegetables .
anyway , that s all for nowim on greenhouse duty and apparently vegetables do nt pick themselves .
a dvd burner would have been ideal , only the heat of the laser would apparently have cooked the rest of my brain so i d remember everything , but be a vegetable .
you learned to bathe before each shift and never eat gas - producing vegetables within eight hours of your shift .
she jumped up , dressed and grabbed a bottle of vegetable juice and a breakfast bar form the refrigerator .
the xeres corporation does not care if the results leave the person in torment , a mindless vegetable , or paranoid insane .
the fluorescent tubing above me is too bright , giving an overly cheery appearance to the vegetable display .
rachel shook her head , as though she could n't believe it , and for a moment michael thought she looked very young , like a kid refusing a parent 's command to eat their vegetables .
rachel scanned the shelves : powdered milk in enormous sacks , vast quantites of rice , hundreds of cans of fruit and vegetables .
the stream of carts carrying goods into berlin had eased to trickle , their carriage easily outpaced the electric floats carrying milk , cheeses , or vegetables from nearby farms and hamlets .
empty barrels had been cleaned out and were being used to cook vegetables and rice .
behind the cottages were neatly furrowed fields of corn , wheat , and vegetables .
vegetable stalks were crowned with heavy blooms that normally would ve been trimmed to avoid nutrients being drained from the edible parts of the plants .
pird asked eris as he deftly sliced vegetables .
the scholar crouched , sandwiched between discarded chests and vegetable peelings .
more carried dishes of vegetables or huge hollowed out bowls and gourds , full of salads soaked in a range of herb sauces or oils .
while it still did nt taste like her mothersshe was pretty sure nothing ever wouldat least it tasted of more than meat and root vegetables .
the meals were always an unidentifiable meat with vegetable and bread .
not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden .
i had n't eaten in a while , so it tasted fabulous even if it was pretty heavy with soybeans and barley and not much vegetables .
amy asked , as karl a neared the summit of the steep hill , hugging an armload of vegetables .
they squeezed the oil themselves , from the big green vegetables that grew wild and in abundance in that part of kenya .
monkeys were a constant threat to anything edible , but root vegetables and the very hard jack fruit always survived in sufcient quantities to keep the family fed , as well as feeding teams that passed through .
where once there had been street stalls selling tiny piles of vegetables , plastic bowls , and second - hand clothing , now there were air - conditioned shops going up , with rows and rows of shelves full of things to choose from .
sukuma wiki ( soo - koom - uh wik - ee ) green , leafy vegetable also known as collards or kale .
a withered vegetable garden stood at the corner of a lot , fenced with two rows of sagging white clothesline strung between wooden posts .
there s the shed she put me in , stephen said after they d crossed another yard that featured an unkempt vegetable garden .
she carried two steaming boxes , each filled with spicy smelling fish and crisp vegetables .
i even stopped at a supermarket and bought lots of fruit and vegetables , plus some dog and cat food just in case there would be carnivores too .
i reached into my bag and tossed the remaining fruit and vegetables onto the lawn .
unquill lay the plate of green vegetables on the bed .
the vegetable tasted better than he expected , crisp and wholesome .
to his own surprise , kenneth found himself eating vegetable after vegetable until he 'd eaten them all .
to his own surprise , kenneth found himself eating vegetable after vegetable until he 'd eaten them all .
he had n't intended to compliment anyone on futuristic food , especially when all the vegetables he had tried always tasted bland .
she said , ` ` why ca n't they make vegetables like that at home ? ''
now , sitting next to president slaan , a glint appeared in his eyes that savannah remembered seeing when he had watched her eat a plate full of vegetables .
the best source of long lasting energy are raw fruits and vegetables .
unlike processed foods , which are full of empty calories and artificial preservatives , raw fruits and vegetables provide healthy doses of vitamins and minerals that can energize better than any sugary energy drink .
however , many people do n't ' even get their full daily recommended servings of fruits and vegetables , much less enough to give them all day energy .
this might be because they do n't like the taste of raw fruits and vegetables or because they like the tastes of other foods too much .
so , instead of trying to replace entire meals with buckets of fruits and vegetables , people looking for more energy throughout the day should infuse raw fruits and vegetables into each of their regular meals .
so , instead of trying to replace entire meals with buckets of fruits and vegetables , people looking for more energy throughout the day should infuse raw fruits and vegetables into each of their regular meals .
juicing is another way to make sure the body gets all of the fruits and vegetables it needs to stay energized .
juicing is a preferred method of getting fruits and vegetables because it 's simple and blends flavors of fruits and vegetables together into tolerable and tasty concoctions that are easy to drink .
juicing is a preferred method of getting fruits and vegetables because it 's simple and blends flavors of fruits and vegetables together into tolerable and tasty concoctions that are easy to drink .
by eating a bowl of fruit or salad before each meal , and by drinking home made fruit and/or vegetable juices throughout the day , people may soon notice that they have enough energy throughout the day to avoid sugary coffee and energy drinks .
they sold canned food , transgenic vegetables , and used clothes , and a few bartered flesh , sunna snaps , and/or stolen water ration cards .
in all his life he was limited to water and vegetable drink .
well , you know the vegetables you eat for your meals ?
farm is just another name for a place where those vegetables are made .
olive oil and garlic and some vegetables .
sahra got mostly broth and vegetables , but mama somehow saved her two tails .
ever since nobody wanted him for a pet , the masters had had him picking fruit and vegetables in the gardens .
bethy was trained and ready by age twelve to be a food prep worker , in the fresh vegetable garden to table program .
her job was to help wash , slice , and package fresh vegetables and fruit for the daily mess hall meals that everyone partook of .
one zap and it 's boom , instant vegetable .
lots of green vegetables , or what passed for green vegetables on utopia after they had been highly processed in order to last for years .
lots of green vegetables , or what passed for green vegetables on utopia after they had been highly processed in order to last for years .
so many vegetables i could n't possibly remember their names .
i won that oscar , and ben became a fucking vegetable , and that s it .
margy smiled a smile that killed vegetables .
zac asked , do you remember how any of those fruits or vegetables taste ?
over time it would reduce you to a vegetable .
five minutes later the old cook returned to the kitchen , turned up the audio von - comm , and began rummaging through a large basket of vegetables .
others were cluttered with fruits and vegetables , or arrayed with arts , crafts , and pottery .
the soup was speckled with pepper and slices of green vegetable .
the vegetable stands glided by , the pedestrians sliding as they walked , faster and faster .
the maid returned , bearing a tray laden with not only a steaming bowl of soup , but a variety of fruits , vegetables and desserts .
scattered decoratively along the tray were clam shells stuffed with meats and vegetables peppered with spices .
` ` the warden said dr . pazzo requested permission to start a small vegetable patch in the yard sometime last week .
i am a vegetable .
you re a vegetarian they re not it does nt add up well i hate vegetables ! ! ! ! ! ! !
its nothing to do with vegetables .
i opened the refrigerator to get a glass of orange juice and saw that my jeans and the sweatshirt i d been wearing the night before were neatly folded and tucked away in the vegetable drawer .
` ` no i can not eat you because i am smaller than you are , and i only eat vegetables . ''
i am only twelve inches tall and i eat only vegetables , which i told you so before now . ''
you are digger the rabbit who lives in mr . beamer 's vegetable patch .
you were banished for your bad behavior as i have been for mine , because of my thievery of mr . beamer 's vegetables .
the shallow stream wound northwards towards the regal castle on the outskirts of the large fields of flowers and perfectly tiled rows of vegetables , grown from the nimble hands of the elves and dwarfs that live in the castle .
he is indeed a thief ; he steals mr . beamer 's vegetables regularly .
i have to go back to centerville now and pinch some more vegetables from mr . beamer 's garden .
molly began to brew another mugwart magical brew as tessie began to cook the vegetables provided by louis .
i look forward to seeing you stealing vegetables once again from mr . beamer 's garden .
in the firebox a pot of vegetable stew simmered over the cooking - fire .
i am a worst thief than digger the blue rabbit who steals your vegetables out of your garden .
on second thought , the steaming meat and vegetables did look rather good , and i was pretty hungry .
and when she s not doing that , she s usually playing video games with her husband , peek - a - boo with her kids , or walking through her garden , wondering why the bugs insist on eating all her vegetables .
he held a plate heaped with chunks of golden meat and vegetables from the buffet table at the edge of the reception room .
gaent unboxed the plates of fish , vegetables , and fried flatbread .
the trees had been cut back and the ground arranged in strips of grass or vegetables .
the bottom drawer was full of vegetables that had begun to wither but the milk was still drinkable , even with no electricity in the house .
the islanders grew fruit and vegetables while the desert nomads herded longgots .
the nomads trade longgot meat and pearls with the islanders for fruit and vegetables .
the only thing she had to compare it with was the biosphere on matrona , the place for forests , lakes and vegetable gardens , where she always took off her shoes to feel the life beneath her feet .
then ghanim arose and going to the market , bought all they required of meat and vegetables and wine and what not , and brought them to the house ; whereupon both sat down to eat and ate their sufficiency , when he set on wine .
rotten vegetables in a sweaty plastic bag .
susan was fussing with pots and pans by the stove and chopping vegetables .
susan stopped chopping vegetables .
susan brought the plates of vegetables to the table and sat down .
since our marriage , we ' ve eaten mostly vegetables .
` ` then , too , '' he continued , ` ` we can not grow certain vegetables .
none are root vegetables .
part 16.2 it took most of the summer to complete the garden , grow a multitude of vegetables and fabricate several concrete structures .
the chefs were delighted to serve us with vegetables fresh from the garden , cooked the old fashioned way , over a campfire : broccoli with melted cheddar cheese , mashed potatoes with garlic , kale and baconi think i gained a few pounds .
when spring came , we were out in force , enlarging the gardens , planting vegetables , connecting the electrical so that all the kitchen appliances were powered .
as the heat increased , the mixture of vegetables and spices began to bubble and thicken .
` ` master satore and his wife , nuca , traded us some vegetables from their garden in exchange for the hay . ''
all three teens had their hands full of vegetables .
agistino 's mouth watered at the sight of the fresh vegetables .
` ` a few handfuls of vegetables for a big pile of straw ?
robinson was slicing up and pulling large seeds out of some sort of tropical fruit or vegetable jeff did not recognize .
she was already in the midst of preparing the evening meal and was busily cutting up vegetables and throwing them into a pot heating on the fire .
he decided to keep things relatively simple and make a stew with vegetables and salted pork .
it took him a lot longer to cut up enough vegetables and meat to fill the large pot than he had originally anticipated , and he was just getting the pot on the fire when jenny entered the galley to take over .
he had flowers out front that you ve probably already seen , but he had mostly vegetables out back .
she opened it and found a few vegetables .
in the kitchen he had noticed vegetables lying around : squash and beans , melons and tomatoes .
mostly vegetables ; i avoid red meat .
* * * * chapter 8 ambush in the morning elizabeth discovered johnny in the kitchen , cooking eggs and sliced vegetables on the old wood stove .
if we can find some vegetables so we wo n't need much meat . ''
` ` now to find some vegetables . ''
his body is desperate for the food but shell be able to put his uneaten vegetables back into the pot .
she passed large orchards where various fruit trees , massive gardens of vegetables and other fruitful plants flourished .
after a few minutes lora served maria a large steaming plate of vegetables then cut an age appropriate sized piece of steak then placed it beside the steaming cob on corn .
i ate my potatoes and vegetables in silence , never looking up .
in my right hand i held a container of vegetable stew , still warm , from the kitchens .
we entered , finding ourselves among aisles and aisles of plants bearing enough fruits and vegetables to sustain several hundred people year - round , its interior lit by dim emergency lighting .
we went there , and had a meal of chicken , vegetables , and bread , which had all been frozen in the deep freeze .
there was a lot of real food on the menuactual vegetables and fruits , and even some real meat .
since they were resistant to the environmental toxins , they could stand to chow down on vegetables that were soaked in dioxin .
perfectly cooked filet mignon and crisp vegetables with potatoes and a big salad .
using what had been the alleys snack stand , she put together some burgers and hotdogs made of synthmeat , and even managed to slap a few real vegetables on the patties .
the people there eat swishies , which are like fish , vegetables grown to the south .
orris produced some food , a sampler of root vegetables and dried legumes , and one of the two water bags provided by zael .
root vegetables had survived the ravaging of the farmland by those of the east and it was a most pleasant meal .
they discussed the provisions they would want for their return trip home , and preparations were made to begin securing meat and vegetables for curing .
as she walked up and down the market aisles , she had no idea what those vegetables and fruits even were , except for the cabbage and potatoes .
she was standing in front of a display of green leafy vegetables , wondering how she could ask the stall owner what they were when a voice to her left broke in on her thoughts .
a woman , a little older than she was with the same black hair , braided and hanging down her back stood next to her with a string bag , half full of vegetables hanging from her arm .
i went to the market today , met a new friend and we asked the vegetable monger about it .
its due next july , aine said as she passed him the vegetable stew .
she stuck to the lighter fare , picking and choosing from the vegetables and salads .
twenty - seven gilby was selecting fresh vegetables at one of the market stalls on level 4 .
they set their minds to control the seeding by just standing still and watching as bags of seeds contributed from other ranchers in the area spread wheat and grain for miles , then they did the same with vegetables : tomatoes , squash , and onions .
while she did n't mind cooking from scratch , beth could n't find the energy at the moment , instead deciding on a spiced vegetable dish she could throw into the instant oven , an older model which took a few moments to adjust the food 's molecular state to cooked .
` ` yup , dan laughed , i ' m a vegetable eating , pro - animal rights , narcotic smoking space hippy .
canned meat , canned vegetables , salt , salt , and more salt .
communal meals were prepared , consisting primarily of vegetables , beans , and grains .
positively delicious , the vegetables were cooked in an oil that was derived from a special algae that they grew on the premises .
along with the vegetables , he was also served a tofu - like cube of semi - solid material .
he laughed to himself for a moment after looking at his tray , full of dark green vegetables and the white gelatinous mass of snafu .
hammond said , picking at the vegetables on his plate .
burlap bags of vegetable material ready to be taken to composting littered the hallway .
that did n't happen often enough though and the air was thick with the odors of unwashed clothing and decaying vegetable matter .
the tea in communal spaces , a quick drink of water at some handy faucet during the day , or even the water left on vegetables washed before being served meant he could n't escape it entirely .
these large lumpy bags of vegetables , fruits , breads , and even meats were common enough to be unremarkable now .
he had heard the slosh of liquid and caught a whiff of corn hooch on occasion when it was only meant to be vegetables coming up .
he estimated the number of oranges , tomatoes and other vegetables and put those in the sacks too .
graham told me that he avoided getting dosed when he traveled by either bringing water or by drinking vegetable juice .
cutting some carrots for a vegetable to go with the sparse dinner he heard the doorbell ring .
he walked up to the window where the food was served and received the set menu for the day , cold potatoes , a slab of some kind of meat and some green mushy vegetable on the side .
he would have to put himself on rations until he got paid , so todays breakfast would be some vegetable paste and water .
throw me in the slammer all you want , hell , modify my brain so that i m a total vegetable .
clearly , if livingston was going to have the best of both worlds , the solution was to make sabrina a vegetable for nine months , presumably feeding her and the child with pills and the water needed to force them down .
a meal with drellic would typically consist of very small portions of nuts , fruits and vegetables .
they thought he was just going to be a vegetable , when we found him .
once the kails meal of poultry , fresh vegetables , sweet pies and fine wines had come to an end , morn once again requested to be alone with drellic ; something he had been doing frequently as of late .
in minutes we were back at the hilton , in jills room , studying the details of our mission , munching on raw vegetables and humus .
all manner of fruits and vegetables thrived in the lush soil of the new city .
on a table fashioned from the remnants of an old , huge , chopped - down tree , there were cooked vegetables ; fluffy mashed potatoes , steamed greens of an unknown origin , mushrooms tossed in some sauce that appeared to be butter , and huge pieces of what appeared to be purplish - blue broccoli were right there , ours for the taking .
we had a daunting task ahead of us ; we were required to utilize the homegrown pangaean fruits , vegetables and the hunted meat to make a meal large enough to feed the entire population of dons commune .
after watching the man from japan expertly flip and toss his knives around before chopping the vegetables at record speed , penny gasped , beamed brightly and clapped her hands in excitement .
and then he cut the vegetables really , really fast !
i grimaced at the sight and turned back to the vegetables and herbs that i was responsible for .
penny and her friends had moved on to separating vegetables both known and exotic .
everyone did their part by contributing something , even if it was just folding clean clothes or washing the fruits and vegetables harvested from the earth .
there were plenty of vegetables growing and that was good because she was a vegetarian back on earth .
the color of that sky made the vegetables look slightly unusual , but she went ahead and gathered some vegetables that looked like carrots , radishes and lettuce and went back inside the cabin .
the color of that sky made the vegetables look slightly unusual , but she went ahead and gathered some vegetables that looked like carrots , radishes and lettuce and went back inside the cabin .
what did the stupid book say about the vegetables , she wondered as she flipped the pages .
she would have to learn how to grow vegetables if she wanted to continue to eat them .
maybe they had abandoned her , with her dwindling vegetables and the fish .
she talked to the vegetables , those crazy looking fish and to herself .
meanwhile the self - sufficiency was working , she thought as she took out the roasted vegetables from the tiny oven .
she knows how the vegetables grow and she is eating them rapidly , but she is not saving any for seeds and she is not fishing .
well soon she will run out of vegetables and she will have to fish or starve , said szcky .
that means they only eat vegetables .
she knew that vegetables would take some time to grow and she was going to run out .
she had put her newfound knowledge to work and was reserving some of the healthiest specimens of several of the vegetables for seeds .
did you come to see my progress with the vegetables ?
you seem to have plenty of vegetables .
i could make a souffl with the vegetables , oh , she stopped .
i mean they help me with the food and i am getting bread from someone in exchange for vegetables , so they help me to keep me alive .
do you have the vegetables for barter ?
i have the vegetables from subject # 78 for the barter with subject # 22 .
ickcy had brought plenty of vegetables , eggs , cheese and some other items .
we could make a cheese omelet filled with vegetables , suggested inga .
as inga finished chopping the vegetables suki went to check on the pilots .
well , the vegetables are very fresh , said nina .
she asked as she placed the vegetables on the counter .
i admit the vegetables have been good , but that is all , continued matilda .
stepping over to the shelves , she picked up some canned vegetables .
no preference , gresham answered and accepted a box filled with beef , rice , and steamed vegetables marinated in barbecue sauce .
maybe she could make an omelet , but without vegetables or cheese it did nt seem appetizing .
that evening , with her freezer filled with frozen vegetables , a semi - baked bread finishing baking , a frittata on the stovetop , and a glass of red wine in her hand , her phone rang .
she then headed to the vegetable section .
he swung open a hidden door and went through , hunted around by flashlight , and came triumphantly out with a haphazard assortment of vacuum packed food , from smoked fish to peach chutney to mixed vegetables .
or vegetables as healthy as the ones floating in the stew ?
it was hard to describe the food some of it could have been a vegetable or a meatit was hard to tell but it was so tasty and they enjoyed everything so much that they decided have some desert as well .
undina helped prepare a dish her mother had taught her to make , a spicy urbin root stew with duga and horeca , two popular kayrian vegetables .
but i believe they prefer meat to vegetables , ornenkai laughed .
there were cooked vegetables , a selection of fruit , some chicken , and burritos .
there was an awkward pause for a couple of minutes as i ate some vegetable stew with more rice .
porridge , warm bread , steaming vegetables , all brought with friendly faces .
below we could see an enormous garden , and i could smell a mixture of flowers , vegetables , and wet dirt .
with a cheery smile beneath piercing eyes , ben tilted his head , nodding towards a small garden of oddly massive fruits and vegetables where , hidden amongst the bounty , was an array of tilted mirrors at angles perfectly placed to reflect light onto a translucent three - dimensional canopy strung up over the patch of vegetation .
he served them each a bowl of thick , steaming meat and vegetable soup with lots of rice .
he d fixed a stew , but instead of reconstituted dried vegetables and pseudo - meat , she saw what looked suspiciously like the greens the dullard had presented them with .
he fetched a smaller pot , a container of water , and two tubes , one of dried vegetables and the other some sort of dried meat .
she was bringing a basket of vegetables from the communal garden to father bernard .
after mona had finished her special meal of meat and vegetables , she noticed something weird near the top edge of her bowl .
the bastards had given her vegetable soup containing cut up pieces of her friends genitalia .
while the rest of the people cleaned , she and eve opened cans of vegetables and meat and dumped them into the biggest stock pot she had .
she turned and grabbed a case of vegetables the women had been working on opening and thrust it at coraline .
` ` what about vegetables ? ''
after planting , when grains and vegetables were in and the town was suffering under an unexpectedly warm early heat wave , mother gave them all a week off while she regrouped .
mother would lose their help when the vegetables were being picked , canned , and dried , and stealth would n't even dream of releasing them to take a trip up to the apple orchard she stumbled on during a raid .
she put endless hours into her garden , and mother had already decided to turn over a more important vegetable to her capable hands the next year .
she knew as well as anyone the sheer volume of work they were about to deal with to preserve all the vegetables , and it pleased mother that she 'd already thought of another way to be useful .
` ` i ' m heading down to check the vegetables . ''
mother walked through the home gardens , admitting the idea to have the people individually responsible for the various vegetables was a good one .
next year when they had more hands , they could clear some vegetable fields , set people to growing the mass quantities that would be needed to feed all those extra hands .
the vegetables they 'd so carefully grown were canned or dried or pickled and put into storage to be rationed out through the winter .
we both grinned again , and i rested my forehead against his as he carried me out into the living room where violet , alice , and now quinn were fast asleep with a pack of cards strewn on the table and pieces of dried fruit and random vegetables in the center .
i do not think that they will be breaking kneecaps over vegetables , however scarce they may be .
there were no more bottles of water , no more cans of vegetables , no more gallons of milk .
markos , a man known for growing the largest vegetables and selling them for the best price , fell forward to the ground , and my heart fell in on itself at the sound of a childs scream .
she walks out of the bus in order and is processed by the officer on both sides , asking her routine questions that were obvious to answer no to because she is in police custody , like do you have any fruits , vegetables , or other items to declare ?
he takes the time , like a flavescent bloodhound , to track down the most interesting and savor each moment and enhance his experience in this new land as he walks eagerly looking about at the cobble stone roads , the gorgeous marketplaces , the fruits and vegetables sold eagerly by happy vendors , the sounds of children playing in the streets , and the smell of fresh baked bread and pastries filling the air as each in and of itself is enough to fill ones heart with joy and bliss .
basically , my dear , these miniature probes will produce the needed nutrients from the organic material of any living fruit , vegetable , mineral , or animal and replicate it over and over as many times a needed .
steaks , burgers , most vegetables , bread , pasta .
a moot lesson for a paraplegic and/or vegetable , rev commented , having joined the circus .
are you calling my kid a vegetable ?
from it he dumped all kinds of vegetables onto the ground then filled the pot with water from the barrel , moving carefully not to wake up da .
his sharp knife sliced right through the vegetables , making them into bite - sized pieces .
there were fruits , vegetables and animals that we killed and ate .
there were vegetables , some kind of meat , potatoes , gravy , fruits , desserts , and even bread .
we were paid in luxuries like fruits and vegetables from the gardens , but flowers were the sacred , god - given province of the gardeners alone .
i was going to spend most of my barter the vegetables and some fruit from the houses that were the greenguard 's pay to get more water , but i 'd grown up on crickmeal and saguaro .
with your type head injury they said you 'd never regain consciousness , and if by some chance you did you 'd never be more than a vegetable .
after looking at the vegetables they had planted i picked a few that doubled as spices .
she peered at the plate , at the dried and overcooked potato with green vegetables and cream sauce drizzled on top .
she finished the potato and vegetables and washed them down with the water .
the mixture probably included some vegetables , and possibly some meat , but each had given up and dissolved into a mush with the texture of mud and the color of paper pulp .
the vegetables were black .
unfortunately , the ` ` sparkle - sprinkles '' and the frosting they came with were a toxic confection composed largely of partially hydrogenated vegetable oil .
partially hydrogenated oil is polyunsaturated vegetable oil that has been heated and exposed to hydrogen in a way that reduces the number of double carbon bonds in the molecular backbone .
the worst misconception was about vegetables .
her body did not have a meaningfully larger requirement for the vitamins , nutrients and phytochemicals found in vegetables , but she was eating many times the necessary quantity to remain healthy .
pauline did not need the raw materials from vegetables , including the increased fiber content .
waffle man over there could certainly use some more vegetables in his diet . ''
i ' m using all of the fiber in the vegetables , so i can keep on eating them . ''
he motions for us to sit at one of the tables as he pulls out frozen vegetables and spaghetti noodles .
hank laughs at this as he begins frying the vegetables in a skillet over one of the burners .
the smell of the vegetables cooking makes my stomach rumble with hunger .
for fruits and vegetables we will be test most of the major types including pineapples , soy , corn , wheat , cherries and peppers .
even so she was sure to look thoroughly , locating two cans of mixed vegetables .
that done , they allowed will to pour in the sauce and vegetables and he watched as they were all mixed together and the smell of it all began to fill the air as his tummy growled over and over and over .
eventually this too changed back to dry land until they neared the outskirts of the city ; large fields of grain and vegetables lined the tracks outside , stealing the view of the land around .
she had tripped on something about twenty - five feet ahead of me and was just getting to her feet , wiping off bits of rotten vegetables and dumpster juice from her pants as she raised a hand to signal she was all right .
dorina had already settled on a vegetable delight with soup and set the menu down .
dorina finally allowed herself to enjoy some marinated vegetables .
dorina was pleased that her vegetables were so crisp and fresh and nicely blanched .
` ` you know how many vegetables they ' ve got lying around in their prison rooms ? ''
he had never seen fresh vegetables growing before .
he looked from row to row , naming off the vegetables he saw and could recognize .
` ` they are a root vegetable .
jeremy turned on his heel again and walked away , leaving avon amongst the vegetables .
jeremy strolled through the rows of vegetables , picking a few for dinner and a few for breakfast the next morning .
iramy walked through the rows of vegetables .
` ` remember us telling you about some of the other people we know who still grow fresh vegetables and make jams and such ?
` ` instead of just a salad , i decided on tilapia stuffed with crab , couscous with fresh vegetables and a dinner salad , solarian surprise of course with extra blue cheese .
i can replicate vegetables but not the natural scent of lavender .
jeremy was learning more and more about eating fresh and raising vegetables .
` ` so we hunt for meat and we gather herbs and vegetables .
she looked around hoping to find other herbs or vegetables they could use .
avon gathered wild herbs and vegetables .
the vegetable beds were so finely manicured they looked almost painted in shades of green , magenta , rose and purple , accented by tiny catmint and thyme flowers .
for all her harsh demeanor the sister did n't like sparseness and austerity and the communal meals , always lavish with warm bread and baked goods and platters of the vegetables and fruit they had grown themselves made her feel proud and fulfilled .
three plump birds covered in butter and spices were waiting for the vegetables to arrive .
they walked through the gate towards the prayer hall and took a narrow dirt path out into the field , trying not to get their feet tangled in the wild greenery , walking between patches of soybeans and vegetable rows , passing by the tree of life and the pear orchard .
she would n't dream of letting the goats have free reign of the vegetable patch but she has no problem allowing mini - godzilla here to run havoc through the land ! ''
despite lily 's impossible to enforce ban on bringing alien food to upset their regular fare , jimmy snuck back to terra two on a regular basis to bring fresh vegetables he pretended to eat himself , so many that he had to print a couple of extra refrigerators to store the kale and lettuce the blue lizards liked so much .
she followed sarah around all day and dropped with exhaustion at the end of it wondering how she managed to fit in all her activities and still find time to hush josephine away from the vegetable patch .
sarah had resigned herself to replant the ransacked flower and vegetable beds and sometimes sneaked fresh kale to josephine against the specific instructions of her owner .
and no amount of birdfeed , grain , raw or cooked meat , fruits or vegetables could bring them closer to the ground than about 5 meters .
others were in states of shock as their clairvoyance showed them such horrible things that have since altered their minds and rendered them as vegetables .
i was relaxing and doing some stretching exercises in the small hothouse where a few labor mechs were cultivating fruits and vegetables .
belovores consume minerals from the root vegetables and through a sort of synthesis that also causes the armour plating to grow over their skin .
i d not seen any vegetables anywhere and was curious where they got them from .
she fussed with her meatloaf , mashed potatoes , and mixed vegetables , not her favorite combination , until the volume on the sports argument ratcheted up again .
` ` she was like a blagging vegetable ! ''
` ` not a vegetable , '' she corrected .
he made a soup of some dried meat and vegetables they carried with them .
he d have to buy some vegetables somewhere , he thought idly .
they d have some vegetables too at least .
meat in astar was much more expensive than vegetables .
people got most of their protein from vegetables and lived on a mainly vegetarian diet .
there were very few vegetables left , and they were prohibitively expensive .
it held a small salad of cheese , nuts , some green leafy vegetable and a delightfully refreshing sauce .
on a square plate in the lower left was a crispy , red vegetable stuffed with a minty puree of something .
it was soup made of a mix of gathered vegetables and a small animal unfortunate enough to run into riley .
as far as adila knows , you do nt eat meat , and neither do i. i do nt even kill vegetables .
there was also a plastic bag with enough sealed granola clusters , beef biltong , fruit and vegetable jerky , hardtack , chocolate bars , and cubes of dried milk to last him two weeks .
lansing unwrapped a slab of fruit and vegetable jerky .
lansing supplied beef biltong , fruit and vegetable jerky , and round hardtack .
so he s sleeping out of doors , eating roots and eating vegetables , the occasional critter .
after he finished the bottle he opened a cabinet and took out a can of mixed vegetables and beef .
the garden was full of lush green vegetables : spinach , lettuce , beans , onions and garlic .
she removed another plastic bag from her backpack and filled it about halfway with an equal portion of each of the vegetables .
` ` how are your vegetables handling the summer so far alice ? ''
she pulled out numerous plastic bags filled with bright green vegetables .
the three of them sat silently watching the vegetables tumult and turn in the kettle .
aaron leaned forward from the stool and began to fill the bowls with the vegetables .
` ` do you mind bringing the vegetables over to me patrick ? ''
` ` sure thing , '' patrick replied , as he crossed the room , grabbed a few of the plastic bags filled with vegetables and handed them to aaron .
with that , aaron took some of the vegetables out of the bag , placed them into the kettle and began cooking them .
after a little while he poured the vegetables into the three bowls and handed one to alice , one to patrick and kept one for himself .
she can show you where her garden is and how to pick the vegetables . ''
between the trees , inside a large clearing , lay a patch of dirt with vegetables lined in straight rows .
alice showed him the different kinds of vegetables in the garden , where the plastic bags were inside of the backpack , and how to wrap them up once inside .
its easy to just throw some meat and cheese and vegetables between two slices , maybe add some sauces and spices , and eat it with some salad .
chopped pieces of roast pork , small flat noodles , some vegetables that look like corn and onions , and a creamy sauce .
the biggest item available was a wrapped cornish pasty , and it almost certainly contained potatoes and vegetables too .
he asked when i was unloading vegetables into the fridge and unable to escape .
i picked through surreal images of baseball , kittens and organic vegetable boxes , but could nt find anything relating to bella falling through a window .
i could n't shut out the chanting any more than i could block the rotten vegetables smashing against our windows as i threaded the range rover through hoards of people spilling over the road and anywhere else they could fit .
someone carrying a bag of fresh vegetables reached in and withdrew a tomato .
he did n't recognize any of the food but could see what looked like fruits , vegetables and other items sliding out of the machine .
josh found plastic sheets with images of different types of fruits and vegetables .
` ` get some fresh fruit and vegetables .
the opening in the arm appeared , followed by the hand clutching one of the vegetables .
when the fingers touched it , they picked up more vegetables before disappearing .
lemmy would n't touch any of the meat , but gladly ate vegetables and fruits .
use any protein available to make meat or vegetable dishes .
we need fresh fruit and vegetables .
lemmy stuck with them for half that time pointing out fruits and vegetables she would eat .
josh told him to take them to a good eating place that served lots of fresh fruits and vegetables .
under each dome were fields of vegetables and fruits that could be grown in a week , along with protein synthesis farms that used engineered bacteria to produce chains of complex nutrient additives .
she grabbed the knife she had been using , still with bits of vegetables and meat stuck to it , and pulled it across his throat .
he suddenly found the seasonings inside the soft and creamy pile of mashed vegetables very interesting and did n't look up .
` ` what is this , some new breed of vegetable ? ''
alan thought back ; it might ' ve been the cuzich , the long , green vegetable undoubtedly covered in a layer of fuzzy mold .
but then silence was interrupted by groans from the corner of the vegetable isle .
meat , vegetables , bottled water .
canned meat and vegetables are good , but very low carbs .
mostly canned vegetables , canned soups , stews , that sort of thing ?
kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when i arrived home .
she offered him vegetables and he shook his head .
most evenings she feasted on well - cooked lamb chops dripping with fat and a salad of roasted vegetables that she was able to find quite easily .
it was potato and leak soup that they 'd made from the remaining vegetables .
it was a strong , bitter spirit from one of the outer colonies , made from a native vegetable .
the scent in the air is a noxious mix of burnt potatoes , boiled vegetables , and spices so strong they turn my stomach .
everyone didtheir pressed suits would end up splattered with rotten vegetables and mud - water by the end of their walk to work .
i return my attention to the bowl of stew before me , scooping up the now - cold vegetables , attempting to put together a complete jigsaw image of my family .
we need to know the weather , what vegetables grow well and which do not .
the meal consisted of a verity of fresh fruits , vegetables and nuts .
well keep the meat , but you can give the vegetables to the animals .
joni had a plate of leafy vegetables , something humans called a salad .
i see a large assortment of vegetables for the plant eater .
the freshly baked breads , the tang of pickles , the wafting scent of rich foreign cheeses , the smell of fresh vegetables , the earthy smell of the potatoes , piled high , and even ( though not exactly pleasurable ) the farmyard smell of animals .
at least with the rations there was a choice ... one could even get mashed potatoes with steak and some vegetables of an oddly luminous nature ( it was either that or grey ) .
it could wrench every thought from your mind like this , magen snapped his fingers , it had a curiously destructive connotation , but i suppose the process would surely leave you a vegetable ... elshans eyes widened slightly .
while suella chopped up vegetables for a pasta salad , natalie walked through the kitchen a couple of times .
okay , suella said , returning to her vegetable chopping .
just make sure she s eating all her fruits and vegetables and drinking enough water .
even though she complained , natalie ate the fruit and the extra vegetables suella sneaked into her diet .
the day before , suella had shopped at the co - op for hyroponic organic vegetables , which she put into a huge salad garnished with goat cheese .
with some hot water and stirring , they sat down to a lunch of turkey broth with vegetables and rice .
they settled on a simple salad , with organic lettuce , vegetables and herbs along with a light vinagrette dressing .
suella found wheatgrass paste and a whole garden harvest of colorful vegetables to go with several different variations of texturized protein products .
the meal consisted of a standardized thick substance , with an additional fruit or vegetable and vitamin and mineral supplements .
the addition of one or two vegetables or fruits gave a small pinch of luxury to a meal that would be otherwise extremely miserly .
the material reminded him of things he d seen floating in on the kuroshio current among the coconuts , kukui nuts , and bicycle parts , ranging the many colors of vegetables , all shapesusually small sizesand with typically inscrutable functions .
if i m delivering vegetables then ill take the trailer , and sometimes ill take a bicycle to the beach depending how quickly i get up that morning , to swim , and if there s enough bicycles around , and if the way is flat .
no , i live in mara , but i work the vorra garden and bring vegetables to the city , he said , if people need more than what they re already growing in the packs .
a few people milled about and he noticed kar conversing with a friend a few half - moon vegetable tables away .
he looked as if he were considering where to place the next vegetables from the trailer .
as a boto with curious onlookers glided ever closer , ravno watched his own body wheeling the bicycle beside himself across the footbridge , handles in hand , trailer piled with vegetables in cedar baskets behind .
ravnos hosts included an older woman on the road , who watched her wizened friend enter west phoyara ; a child who browsed the half - moon vegetable tables with his ottsa , while ravno unloaded the trailer ; and finally the man , that same man as before on the path , but now in the city , his red capa rather dull in the noon sun , his pace slowed to a stooped , directionless traipse .
she chewed slowly , her teeth broke the fresh vegetable and mashed it with saliva , and the halibut sheaves busted in fibrous folds .
in the fallen realms , she thought to herself , something is broken in the very fabric of the world - fruit and vegetables are no longer nutritious enough to sustain life - zelf had almost died of malnutrition before she finally relented and ate meat , and only because she would not have been able to fulfil her mission if she had died .
whether it was merely the disgusting smell , or a real health problem she was nt sure - she knew mercury contamination could be a problem with seafood in this terrible realm - whatever it was , she only knew that she had to have red meat , fruit and vegetables .
they ' ve eaten all my vegetables and stripped the orchard bare .
oh , the pain when one discovers that he or she is only just a clueless , frightened , insecure , inadequately educated , dysfunctional vegetable !
brenda dashed out of the room and down to the kitchen where she grabbed a package of frozen vegetables from the freezer .
brenda did n't say a word to anyone as she trudged her way through the meadow , until she found iris and bonnie sitting by a fire pit , preparing vegetables and shishkebobs for supper .
i can see gray tattered wash flapping from lines over poverty - stricken vegetables like cabbage and carrots .
an acre or two of land for all the flowers and vegetables she liked , why not a small farm for self - sufficiency while we were at it ?
the residents of grovely had eaten mainly fruit and vegetables in recent years .
a go'shin , wearing his toga wrapped about his waist to show his married status , was clearing clumps of weeds from a narrow irrigation channel that took water from a well to the vegetable gardens .
he set the vegetable on the cloth with the others before a sound from the trees , a slight rustle amongst the dry undergrowth , disturbed him .
within moments , the whole group was dripping with the remains of fruit and vegetables as they moved forward at the donkeys ' slow , steady pace .
he returned a short time later with something that was quite obviously a vegetable .
fruit and vegetables were being collected in baskets from wrecked houses .
` ` vegetables and fruit . ''
` ` what sort of vegetables and fruit ? ''
removing the worm would severely damage the brain stem , and leave the host a vegetable .
it takes two to three months to grow good - sized vegetables from seed and the garden is nt big enough for me to utilize it every day , but somethings different about today .
i m mostly good on food but i do pick up seeds for new vegetables .
we made it through the line and were amazed to find that we did not have to eat freeze dried food , everything was fresh fruits and vegetables , and they were even serving grilled meats .
she added tins of baked beans , fruit , vegetables , sausages in brine , cuppa soup satchels , and two loaves of bread .
they moved around to the back of the house , finding a small allotment of home grown vegetables .
the harvest moon still shined bright , providing the niche shifters the opportunity to gather a few more loads of the lakes aquatic vegetables and fruits .
it had a particularly large garden cultivating herbs and vegetables served to the royals .
chase was on rationed food for the trip : beef jerky , pressed lamb cubes , cheese sticks and dried vegetables that he could eat like crackers .
in these green rings of plant life are the green zones , used for hydroponics , were several pants are grown to allow fresh vegetables in the station .
carmen pointed , look there , vegetable gardens .
any type of juice on 50th century manticore was considered fancy because natural fruits and vegetables could not be grown outside under the scorching light of the jhard .
josef continues the introductory repartee , going on about how he hoped the chicken wings and tempura vegetables we ordered would come quickly and how lecturing always made him feel hungrier than either sex or weed .
we settled on tofu steak in filo with organic , locally grownnot transgenicsteamed vegetables .
our meals in the cueva are very plain , and the same most daysgrains , vegetables and bio meat from purenet .
angela sneered at wesley , who was slurping his soup and stopped to munch on the root vegetables .
at least the dirty water had to be a lot better than the chunks of dirt that were on the white root vegetables .
i could smell his breath , rotten from mouth - breathing and vegetable soup .
he presented the monster to jake.weighed down by the huge vegetable , jake fortunately discovered that the entry to the slideway worked upwards as well as down .
the farmers who toiled to grow their vegetables in the thin soil at the edge of the dome would be up already and working .
inside was some starchy vegetable she had never seen before .
she added the spice to the vegetable .
leanne stirred the pot with the soycorn meal then spooned the porridge and vegetables into separate containers .
` ` i grabbed some vegetable pies . ''
` ` i ' m gon na need some vegetable pies first . ''
vibrant images of overly - muscled men and women , swimming in a large pool of blue bath water flashed upon the screens overhead along with images of talking vegetables and animals that looked like a distant relative of station - chimpanzees in a mating pose .
the talking vegetables flashed onscreen again and the wild , mating animals had their turn again while an anthemic chorus repeated over electronic drumbeats .
most transplant recipients either turn out to be a genius or a slobbering vegetable .
kobus ran down the aisles filling the trolley with tins of meat , vegetables and bottled water .
scholars were entrusted with their own vegetable allotments on which they grew beans , potatoes and other sundry vegetables .
scholars were entrusted with their own vegetable allotments on which they grew beans , potatoes and other sundry vegetables .
food consisted of potatoes , eggs , green vegetables and a little goats milk .
maize meal was ground and stored in sacks , vegetables were pickled , fruits became jams and barrels of flour for bread were stocked up .
opposite them were another group of people working at a preparation table , slicing vegetables , peeling fruit , measuring and weighing .
it did nt take nate long to realize that they were pickling vegetables and turning fruit into preserves for the winter .
entry 2 - 098 : april 3 , 2014 living crystals everybody knows there are three basic divisions of matter in our world : animal , vegetable and mineral .
it was also assumed that every planet that could sustain life would have available sources of vegetable matter and protein .
` ` like vegetable oil , for instance . ''
james had spent the better part of the year preserving , drying , freezing , and pickling all kinds of fruits , meats , and vegetables .
the three sisters , these vegetables were called .
` ` she 's hungry and disappointed that we have nothing to feed her but vegetables , '' ed informed his companions .
ornate platters filled with strips of stake , vegetables skewered pork and little sandwiches waited on a table not far away .
she knew its exact weight and at which angle to cut the vegetables perfectly .
david stared at all the bagged vegetables each one labeled and stacked neatly on the table .
years back somewhere in the middle of a vast field wiped of greenery , an aged man slowly pushed a cart of vegetables down the expanse .
elgar had spent his days as a vegetable vendor , pushing the same vegetable cart between these two villages , and crossing the desert in between .
elgar had spent his days as a vegetable vendor , pushing the same vegetable cart between these two villages , and crossing the desert in between .
canned meat and vegetables are good , but very low carbohydrates .
we were afraid shed have to live out her days in an institution , a vegetable .
for a child like agata , it means being turned back over to her parents as a vegetable once they ve done surgery to remove her artificial left brain .
it is the restoration project that will give her a second chance when her injuries turn her into a vegetable .
before her bionic cerebrum , she is well on her way to becoming a vegetable for life , a possibility that leaves us all paralyzed with grief .
meat , potatoes and several kinds of vegetables adorned the table with two pitchers filled with an orange liquid .
visions of clones eating raw vegetable matter and meat leaped into his mind .
one could easily get roast beef , which had actually been made from vegetable matter , grown using only water and starlight .
then a massive side of aetiocetus some sort of whale - like animal , apparently served with real , not synthi , potatoes and vegetables .
i do nt know how we could get fresh fruits and vegetables now , so vitamins are the next best thing .
i named it that , because we need to have fresh fruit and vegetables soon .
the woman leading the effort is charlotte copeland , a retired employee of the freshy fresh vegetable company based in salinas , which is only seventeen miles from here , and is known as the salad bowl capitol of the world .
we need more canned vegetables , he explained .
she brought gripper plates of vegetables from his garden and remained with him until he had eaten them all .
broiled fish and steamed vegetables .
the fruits and vegetables instantly regenerated .
and have a little house and garden with vegetables . ''
` ` i have to split , too , i have to pick up a load of vegetables . ''
you can only keep working , such as sowing crops or tilling on our vegetable plantations - as we call them - or killing insects .
a vegetable among vegetables , he thought .
a vegetable among vegetables , he thought .
and another vegetable in the other cot , there .
lukewarm vegetables , tepid meat of some unknown kind , a pale green non - alcoholic drink of nondescript flavor .
colonel windham had been on a cook 's tour ; porter was trying to buy concentrated alien vegetables for his canneries on earth ; and the polyorketes brothers had attempted to establish themselves in arcturus as truck farmers and , after two growing seasons , gave it up , had somehow unloaded at a profit , and were returning to earth .
the hawkinsite said , ` ` your tomatoes are remarkable vegetables .
it just seems to be the fashion now to be talking fresh vegetables because they 're increasing taxes for these hydroponics .
it was isolated from the lifeless planet on which it was located by a force field , but the rooms were built about a five - acre farm ( under glass , of course ) , which , in the planet 's beneficent sunlight , grew flowers for pleasure and vegetables for health .
each house had its own vegetable garden and the streets , although paved , had an unfinished look about them .
the settlers grow vegetables , as you saw , and they have some animals , too , but large - scale agriculture must wait until the community is larger and there are irrigation facilities .
some of them might well be willing to reduce the governor 's wife to a vegetable , and damn the consequences , if that was what it took to find the lair of the new law robots .
` ` there 's nothing wrong with it , '' alvar said , moodily stabbing his fork at his vegetables .
did you recognize any of the vegetables ? ''
trevize said , ` ` all these vegetables - which have been a pleasure to eat , by the way - are part of the galactic dietary , are they not , sq .
` ` no meat , pel , '' said bliss in a businesslike way , ` ` but i 'll take fish or eggs , along with any vegetables you might have . ''
he was getting into gardening in a big way , she 'd said , trying to grow all the vegetables the family ate .
we 'll know everything about the grayfoots that she does , and she 'll be left a drooling vegetable . ''
no one 's going to turn you into a vegetable ! ''
i suppose if he got lucky , he might wind up a vegetable in which his hunger demon was trapped , but it wo n't spread any farther into the white court than that . ''
workers came from all sides to meet the big carrier with towbins of vegetables .
duana displayed a delicate touch with herbs , a bit of rosemary in the veal , the vegetables not overcooked .
students were taken to see human vegetables , ` ` failed mentats , '' kept alive to demonstrate the peril .
fali will now go back to dealing with fruits and vegetables .
i could visualize myself as a bedridden vegetable but i did n't care .
and beyond : evenly spaced rows of what appeared to be vegetables with automated harvesters passing back and forth , leaving bare ground behind them .
honored matres fear a biological weapon from the scattering that made vegetables of them .
would you become vegetables ? ''
he had a lot of jap vegetables that i never recognized , some beans and squash and melons , plus the usual beets and carrots and pumpkins .
in the past he had held the dregs ofjobs : he had helped deliver washing machines for an appliance store ; he had uncrated vegetables for a grocery store ; he had swept out a drug store ; once he had even given out tools at the alameda naval air station .
without reflection he brought the car to the curb , leaped out , and hurried across the street and up onto the sidewalk and through the open door and into the dark , cool old wooden market building , among the vegetables and displays of wine bottles and magazine racks .
toward the back of the store the boy and girl lingered together at the shelf of canned vegetables .
he was a potbellied , balding gardener selling fresh fruit and vegetables from the back of a pickup on a corner , and he was the only one i 'd seen who was n't trying to gouge chicagoans in their moment of trial .
he slipped his frying pan off the stove , slapped both steaks onto plates , and with a couple of gestures and brief movements made fried potatoes and fresh vegetables appear on the plates , too .
shiro appeared at the door , bearing a platter of sandwiches and deli vegetables .
she got out a ton of vegetables , stew meat , and a spice rack and set to chopping things up without a word to me .
i fidgeted for a bit , until i stood up , washed my hands in the sink , and started cutting vegetables .
my turn to chop vegetables like teenagers in a slasher movie .
at the moment it began he had taken a walk to market for the purchase of vegetables .
and possibly , if i can pick up a can of pre - war vegetables , about dinner , too .
as everyone knew , an acre of land could function better as a source of grains or vegetables .
set on the side of a ridge , the raub house overlooked west marin county , with its vegetable fields and irrigation ditches , an occasional goat staked out , and of course the horses ; standing at the living room window , eldon blaine saw below him , near a farmhouse , a great percheron which no doubt pulled a plow .. .
he fashions these special deluxe cold labels for us out of choice , aged vegetable and herbal materials the nature of which remain -- and justly so -- his individual secret . ''
some of them , like mr . blaine , thought all the time about killing and others just mooned like vegetables -- bill had told her many times because he was so mterested .
the basket contained a loaf of bread , a few thin vegetables , a handful of grain , and a small flask of wine .
picking scattered vegetables and grain off the cobblestones and out of the dark pools .
no more than a horse is a vegetable .
` ` all that for a single loaf of bread and a few flaccid vegetables . ''
` ` all right , '' sarene admitted , climbing into the cart and handing shuden a box of vegetables .
the vegetable crunched in his mouth , and sarene could imagine how it must taste : raw and bitter .
he dropped one fruit in every bag , followed by some steamed corn , various vegetables , and a small loaf of bread .
he devoured it all - flaccid vegetables , moldy bread , meat , even some of the corn , the hard grains softened slightly by their extended bath in elantris slime .
the room 's decorations - mementos from kiin 's travels including everything from dried vegetables to a large , ornamental axe - were comfortingly familiar .
kiin entered with a pan of semi - boiling meat and vegetables in a red sauce .
he 's a vegetable .
with a mind informed by artist - giants who came afterward , i peer at handprints and flowing muscles drawn upon the rock with charcoal and vegetable dyes .
the cans were vegetables c green beans , yellow beans ... and three cans of corned beef .
be- hind , before , and all around , cookboys , scullions , and various underlings rushed through the foaming , humid air , rattling pans , stirring stew , slaving over potatoes and vegetables in nether regions .
most of that movement on the road was composed of market gardeners towing panniers of vegetables and fruit .
an older man in a tightly fitted old - fashioned brown tunic ate sparingly of a green vegetable dish near the door .
the waiter returned with a clear soup in which shreds of egg and some green vegetables could be seen .
scattered along the bar and on the softly illuminated tables were bowls containing crisp - fried local vegetables , heavily salted .
in this next refrigerator , he found all kinds of stuff , cartons of milk , and piles of vegetables , and a stack of t - bone steaks , fish - but no ice cream .
nero could actually get into someone 's head , shut down all brain activity and , if he was really pissed , melt it and leave his vic a vegetable , sucking his thumb on the floor .
she tightened her grip on the extremely heavy tray of vegetables that the head cow wanted on the cook 's prep table .
the vegetables flew everywhere as she slammed down on the hard floor .
here they lay , unable to go on any farther ; they had withered away to something resembling heaps of dried vegetable matter and they would have died soon had not the un satellite spotted them .
so my dad shut off the filter system , and now when the rider comes and opens the gate our way , we can pump it so fast that my dad let me put in a whole new vegetable garden i can water with overflow , and i have corn and squash and a couple of carrots , but something ate all the beets .
like an old box full of decayed rags , a vegetable rather than animal scent .
fruit , vegetables , small packages .
they are complete vegetables . ''
or weed out half her mental processes , turn her into a debrained vegetable ; they ' ve got a spectrum of techniques they can make use of .
bobby brought out plates of ravioli with tomato sauce , and mixed vegetables .
they offer fresh fruit and vegetables , so there must be a hydroponics garden somewhere on station .
we stop last at the food stalls , just a couple really , people offering fresh fruit and vegetables , bread and wine .
i daydream about fresh fruits and vegetables , drizzled with a sweet tangy sauce .
steamed fish and rice in spicy ginger sauce , tissue - thin vegetables arrayed in a fan , and four different desserts .
these days , only the elite know what it 's like to eat fresh fruits and vegetables , and only throwbacks consume real flesh .
we have to eat vegetables , too , though . ''
i feel bad eating a bowl of the thin but delicious soup , mostly reconstituted vegetables with grain to add heartiness .
` ` pellig becomes what we call , vegetable .
a twin row of rockbuds grew on the right side of the yard , probably curnips or some other kind of vegetable .
it was steaming peppered chicken , cut in medallions and laid atop fried round slices of tenem , a soft , light orange vegetable .
the heaps of rotting vegetables had been placed in a very particular arrangement .
` ` ah , '' axies said , moving his foot , which had been planted on a small square of vegetable .
it 's like using a shardblade to slice vegetables , or like using the finest parchment as kindling for a washwater fire .
covered plates filled with food followed : a clear , cold stew with sweet vegetables for the women , a spicy - smelling broth for the king .
shallan was soon eating contentedly - with grace , as a woman should , safehand in her lap , using her freehand and a skewer to spear chunks of vegetable or fruit .
` ` very well , '' roshone said , taking a piece of flatbread from the basket and wrapping it around his skewer , pulling off several vegetable chunks at once and eating them with the bread .
using his knife to spread tallew over the top , he grasped the vegetable disk between two fingers and began eat .
canned vegetables , packaged meats , dry goods , and staples , like salt .
though ben talked on , crista concentrated on her meal , eating half of ben 's as well , leaving him the vegetables .
she drank the broth from her soup , left the vegetables and picked out the meat .
the bullet did not pass through his brain and leave him a living vegetable , nor did it travel in a semicircle around his skull and exit harmlessly on the far side .
for a fruit or vegetable hawker , a ` ` polite street '' was not easily come by , and they were all a close - mouthed lot .
i guessed they were vegetables , but i did n't recognize the variety .
the white vegetables were crunchy in texture , woody in taste .
excep ... . there was this new ceepee , he reminded himself , this man without a name who was being sent groundside to talk to the damned vegetable ... . the ' lectrokelp .
the first among you , though , called us vegetable .
you ingest vegetable to use the energy gathered by others .
thomas spoke in a flat voice : ` ` the kelp is not an insensitive vegetable . ''
what would persist in the symbols of an intelligent vegetable ?
intelligent vegetable !
talk to the sentient vegetable .
raised , as he would put it , ` ` like a common vegetable . ''
as he and bradley spoke together , the maddening aroma of simmering ground beef , vegetables , and tomato sauce began to fill the room , driving the cabbage back into the corners and making richards realize how hungry he was .
they used it to dig for root vegetables . ''
` ` root vegetables ? ''
what if i get turned into a vegetable ?
there were bowls of stew ( chunks of buffalo meat floating in a rich brown gravy loaded with vegetables ) , platters of fresh biscuits , crocks of sweet white butter , and bowls of leaves that looked like spinach but were n't ... exactly .
for you know this thing will follow me to the ends of the earth ' but there came no answer , and i thought that i had imagined his voice when i heard it before and all the while i knew the spirit might take on his voice , if i thought too long and too hard on roemer , and that would drive me mad , madder than i already was the peace continued the sky was growing light i heard carts upon the road behind me , and saw that the fields were coming alive to the right and the left indeed , coming to the top of a rise i saw the colonial city below me , and i breathed a great sigh now one of these carts approached , a small rickety wooden cart , laden with fruit and vegetables for market , and driven by two pale - skinned mulattoes , and they did stop and stare at me , at which point i said on my best french that i needed their help and god would bless them if they gave it to me and then remembering that i had money , or had had , i went into my pockets for it , and gave them several livres which they took with gratitude , and i climbed upon the tail of the cart i lay back against a great heap of vegetables and fruits , and went to sleeping , and the cart rocked me and knocked me about , but it was as if i were in the most luxurious coach then as a dream overcame me , as i imagined i was back in amsterdam , i felt a hand touch mine a gentle hand it patted my left hand and i lifted my right to touch it in the same gentle manner , and opening my eyes , and rolling my head to my left , i beheld the burnt and blackened body of deborah peering at me , bald and shriveled with only her blue eyes alive , and the teeth grinning at me from behind her burnt lips i screamed so loud i frightened the drivers of the cart and the horse but no matter , i had fallen off onto the road their horse ran away , and they could not stop it , and they were soon gone way ahead , and over the rise i sat cross - legged , crying , ' you damnable spirit ' what is it you want of me ' tell me ' why do you not kill me ' surely you have it in your power if you can do such things '' no voice answered me but i knew that he was there looking up , i saw him , and in no horrible guise now merely the dark - haired one again , in the leather jerkin , the handsome man i had seen twice before very solid he appeared , so that even the sunlight fell on him , as he sat idly on the fence at the edge of the road he peered down at me , thoughtfully , it would seem , for his face was all blank and i found myself staring at him , studying him as if he were nothing to fear and i perceived something now which was most important for me to understand the burnt body of deborah , it had been illusion1 from within my mind , he had taken this image and made it bloom my double , that too had been illusion ' it was as perfect as my reflection in a mirror and the other demon follower whom i fought - his weight had been an illusion and of course the corpses had been real , and they were corpses and nothing more but this was no illusion , the man sitting on the fence it was a body which this thing had made ' aye , ' he said to me , and again his lips did not move and i understand why for he could not yet make them move ' but i shall , ' he said ' i shall ' i continued to peer at him perhaps in my exhaustion , i had lost my wits but i knew no fear and as the morning sun grew brighter , i saw it shine through him1 i saw the particles of which he was made swirling in it , like so much dust ' dust thou art , ' i whispered , thinking of the biblical phrase but he had at that very instant begun to dissolve he went pale and then was nothing , and the sun rose over the field , more beautiful than any morning sun that i have ever seen had charlotte waked7 did charlotte stay his hand7 i can not answer i may never know i reached my lodgings here less than an hour later , after meeting with the agent and speaking again to the innkeeper , as i related to you before and now it is long past midnight by my good watch , which i set by the clock in the inn at noon today and the fiend has not left the room for some time for over an hour , he has come and gone in his manly shape , watching me he sits in one corner and then in another , once i spied him in the looking glass peering out at me stefan , how does the spirit do such things ?
for you know this thing will follow me to the ends of the earth ' but there came no answer , and i thought that i had imagined his voice when i heard it before and all the while i knew the spirit might take on his voice , if i thought too long and too hard on roemer , and that would drive me mad , madder than i already was the peace continued the sky was growing light i heard carts upon the road behind me , and saw that the fields were coming alive to the right and the left indeed , coming to the top of a rise i saw the colonial city below me , and i breathed a great sigh now one of these carts approached , a small rickety wooden cart , laden with fruit and vegetables for market , and driven by two pale - skinned mulattoes , and they did stop and stare at me , at which point i said on my best french that i needed their help and god would bless them if they gave it to me and then remembering that i had money , or had had , i went into my pockets for it , and gave them several livres which they took with gratitude , and i climbed upon the tail of the cart i lay back against a great heap of vegetables and fruits , and went to sleeping , and the cart rocked me and knocked me about , but it was as if i were in the most luxurious coach then as a dream overcame me , as i imagined i was back in amsterdam , i felt a hand touch mine a gentle hand it patted my left hand and i lifted my right to touch it in the same gentle manner , and opening my eyes , and rolling my head to my left , i beheld the burnt and blackened body of deborah peering at me , bald and shriveled with only her blue eyes alive , and the teeth grinning at me from behind her burnt lips i screamed so loud i frightened the drivers of the cart and the horse but no matter , i had fallen off onto the road their horse ran away , and they could not stop it , and they were soon gone way ahead , and over the rise i sat cross - legged , crying , ' you damnable spirit ' what is it you want of me ' tell me ' why do you not kill me ' surely you have it in your power if you can do such things '' no voice answered me but i knew that he was there looking up , i saw him , and in no horrible guise now merely the dark - haired one again , in the leather jerkin , the handsome man i had seen twice before very solid he appeared , so that even the sunlight fell on him , as he sat idly on the fence at the edge of the road he peered down at me , thoughtfully , it would seem , for his face was all blank and i found myself staring at him , studying him as if he were nothing to fear and i perceived something now which was most important for me to understand the burnt body of deborah , it had been illusion1 from within my mind , he had taken this image and made it bloom my double , that too had been illusion ' it was as perfect as my reflection in a mirror and the other demon follower whom i fought - his weight had been an illusion and of course the corpses had been real , and they were corpses and nothing more but this was no illusion , the man sitting on the fence it was a body which this thing had made ' aye , ' he said to me , and again his lips did not move and i understand why for he could not yet make them move ' but i shall , ' he said ' i shall ' i continued to peer at him perhaps in my exhaustion , i had lost my wits but i knew no fear and as the morning sun grew brighter , i saw it shine through him1 i saw the particles of which he was made swirling in it , like so much dust ' dust thou art , ' i whispered , thinking of the biblical phrase but he had at that very instant begun to dissolve he went pale and then was nothing , and the sun rose over the field , more beautiful than any morning sun that i have ever seen had charlotte waked7 did charlotte stay his hand7 i can not answer i may never know i reached my lodgings here less than an hour later , after meeting with the agent and speaking again to the innkeeper , as i related to you before and now it is long past midnight by my good watch , which i set by the clock in the inn at noon today and the fiend has not left the room for some time for over an hour , he has come and gone in his manly shape , watching me he sits in one corner and then in another , once i spied him in the looking glass peering out at me stefan , how does the spirit do such things ?
you 're in a ship of conner freeman 's leaving venus and i ' m down in chicken pox prospects ; i ' ve got a thriving vegetable garden up top , and i get to shack up with anne hawthorne any time i wantcit 's a good life , as far as i ' m concerned .
across the square , a well - dressed young girl , carrying a basket of vegetables , hurried over to the boy and said with concern , ` ` my dear sir , your long absence does vex sir daniel sorely . ''
their diet consisted of vegetables , bread and water , with no meats or sauces .
11:01:59 they were seated at a long table with many monks in a large hall , a steaming bowl of meat soup in front of them , and in the center of the table , platters piled high with vegetables , beef and roast capons .
` ` animal , vegetable , or darkling ? ''
` ` you left him a vegetable by accident ? ''
he 's going to grow all our vegetables from now on , he says . ''
i ' m turning into a vegetable .
a vegetable , nothing more .
' eat their vegetables if they want their dessert . '
kill her or - worse - leave her a vegetable .
' animal , vegetable , or mineral ? '
cold vegetable weight bore !
she banged the side of the pot with the flat of her knife , listening , then nodded to herself and began fishing under the counter for more vegetables .
the meal was composed primarily of a group of sausages mixed with vegetables .
they set the table with large amounts of food - everything from roasted fish to pickled vegetables and simmering shellfish .
i could wind up on the floor of my lab , drooling , transformed from professional wizard into unemployed vegetable .
if they delivered the horses , oxen , wagons of fresh vegetables , the tack , the oil , the glass - most of all the wizard 's glass - all would be well .
there was a garden , and sheemie saw that the vegetables still in it - pumpkins and sharproot , mostly - were muties .
the garden was full of unpicked mutie vegetables , the stuffy - guy presiding over them either a bad joke or a bad omen .
now these people pelted his love with cornshucks and vegetables as she stood , hands bound before her , in the back of rhea 's cart .
` ` then you must make soup , and roast and crack the bones to make it tastier , and so we can eat them more easily ; and you might put some grain in it , and some vegetables , '' temeraire added , to the rather perplexed - looking herdsmen .
gong su had taken those cows which had been killed ; enough for all the dragons to have a little fresh roast beef , and then a share of soup and bones and meat mixed with vegetables and grain , for all the crew and everyone in the village besides .
the tracks had been dug up , and the old couple who lived opposite us used the ground where the tracks had been to grow vegetables .
` ` you were grown by binary , in a vat , just like the vegetables . ''
the first course had been taken away and i 'd scarcely noticed it , and now came the servants with platters of roasted fowl and steaming vegetables .
` ` one portion of vegetable curry , please , '' said richard , to the woman at the curry stall .
better just make that vegetable curries all round . ''
she took a container of vegetable curry and began , happily , to eat .
the tracks had been dug up , and the old couple who lived opposite us used it to grow vegetables .
` ` tom brought us some goods now and then , fish he caught , vegetables from his place .
he shuffled into the kitchen and opened the cabinet where he kept a quart of jim beam , hidden behind bottles of vinegar and vegetable oil .
and they built huge fires on stone hearths , cooked vegetables , spoke a language , created cave art , buried their dead with flowers , and made advanced stone tools and pottery .
or something approximating vegetable beef stew .
kate tried the vegetables .
kate choked down some vegetables and half shouted ` ` this is absurd .
but the petite teacher was clearly out of place here as she crawled from under a pile of old newspapers and rotted vegetables .
a large enough cloud of locusts can strip leaf , vegetable , and fruit from a spot in mere minutes . ''
he stood in a small weedy vegetable garden .
food was already piling high - roti flatbread , rice dishes , steamed vegetables , small plums and fat dates , bowls of buttermilk - simple but heartfelt fare .
the wagon trundled down the road , passing more fields : rye , oats , beans , and rows of vegetables .
it was an accumulation of decayed vegetable matter : trees , leaves , mosses , fungi .
passing through a fenced gate and across a small vegetable garden , gray reached the front door and knocked .
moving deeper into the market , they passed along a long counter supporting boxes of locally grown fruits and vegetables .
the day was chilly , but the wood and charcoal grill - where skewers of meat , fat , and vegetables sizzled - cast off enough heat to make even duncan 's light jacket feel too warm .
water from saturn , vegetables and beef from the big mirror - fed greenhouses on ganymede and europa , organics from earth and mars .
the meal itself had been chicken in black sauce with rice and fresh vegetables , and david had eaten two helpings without really tasting them .
a guard brought tubes of rations : protein , oil , water , and vegetable paste .
it all could be easily mistaken for some organic vegetable garden , but kendall suspected what grew here was something far more insidious and anything but organic .
the typical clinical symptoms were generalized dementia and the progressive loss of higher cognitive functions , turning an intelligent person into a vegetable .
the beef and peppers had been designed for null g : hard nuggets of protein and vegetable that resisted breaking apart in the air , but turned soft and pleasant in his mouth .
in almost every backyard , he saw a vibrant garden , bursting not only with flowers but vegetables and fruit .
on the next street down , he walks alongside an entire block devoted to a community garden , several dozen people hard at work , filling large baskets with fruit and vegetables .
a woven basket dangled from one arm , bulging with vegetables and fruit .
no fruit , no vegetables .
` ` animal , vegetable , or mineral ? ''
mara built a campfire and they ate well from the plentiful stores in the knapsack -- tinfoil dinners of salty beef and vegetables , complemented by dried fruit and applesauce .
behind her stood a jovial man in a powdered wig eating chicken and vegetables off of a skewer .
off to one side of the cabin , the ground had been leveled , and numerous vegetables flourished in tidy rows .
paths of white stones meandered among flower beds , hedgerows , vegetable gardens , fruit trees , and flowering plants .
the pantry contained canned fruits and vegetables , unbroken jars of preserves , bread , oatmeal , cream of wheat , crackers , tuna , and lots of other stuff .
kaladin sighed , retrieving the food - steamed vegetables , dribbled with a salty black sauce - and flopping back on his bench .
peas she easily recognized - they had those on luna too - but there were some other sorts of vegetables that she did n't know , mixed with rice and covered in a thick , aromatic sauce .
in such close quarters , the truth of our diets would begin to manifest as a sour smell of stale bread and vegetable broth and , oddly enough , doorknobs .
even as , some weeks , he was reduced to paying us for those stories with bread , vegetables , and milk .
radishes and beans are n't as pretty as roses , but they taste better , and if you can grow roses , you can certainly grow vegetables .
fundor was an agricultural experimenter who hated the taste of turnips and had been trying for years to replace that vegetable as a staple in the sendarian diet with the rutabaga .
moreover , the grounds around it were fertile , and i could easily grow vegetables among the rose bushes and periodically drift out on silent wings at night to poach rabbits and an occasional sheep .
' we wo n't actually be doing anything but just getting things ready , ' i lied , ' - you know , peeling carrots , cutting up vegetables , putting water to boil - that sort of thing . '
after i 'd stowed garion in an out - of - the way vegetable bin , i started making ' suggestions ' , usually prefaced with ' would you like to- ' or ' do n't you think that - ' or ' should n't we perhaps - ' .
the vegetables and braised stew meat cascaded into the large bubbling stew - pots , and then i compounded a mixture of ordinary cooking spices to counteract nala 's ' fever ' .
i cleaned and straightened up our little sleeping room , but garion spent most of his time in that vegetable bin .
the food consisted entirely of uncooked vegetables , and they were given only water to drink .
the meal that evening consisted of a roast goose and everything that went with it : gravy , dressing , three kinds of vegetables , and freshly baked bread , still hot from the oven and dripping with butter .
a root cellar behind the house yielded a store of vegetables and belgarath and beldin brought a cask of beer in the brewhouse .
` ` and then , '' he went on as the gorim 's servants brought in trays of raw fruits and vegetables and a smoking roast hot from the spit , ` ` right about at the same time we captured jarviksholm , someone crept into the nursery in the citadel at riva and took prince geran out of his cradle .
she smiled briefly , kissed his cheek , and then sighed and went back to dicing vegetables for the stew polgara was stirring .
as evening darkened their concealed basin , and the stars came out in the velvety sky overhead , they gathered about the fire and ate a supper consisting of lightly grilled lamb , steamed vegetables , and dark bread , all drawn from the supplies vard had pressed upon them before they had left the village near the beach .
on one occasion toward the hot , dusty end of summer when the vegetables in her garden were beginning to wilt , polgara devoted the bulk of one morning to locating a small , black rain cloud over the mountains in ulgoland and gently herding its sodden puffiness toward the vale of aldur and , more specifically , toward her thirsty garden .
sparhawk and the rest of his friends found a comfortable inn near the centre of town , bathed , changed clothes and gathered in the common room for a supper of boiled ham and assorted vegetables .
the fields around it were well - tended , and monks wearing conical hats woven from local straw worked patiently under the morning sun in long , straight rows of vegetables .
the latter , of course , was totally unacceptable to sephrenia and flute , and so the two made a meal of raw vegetables and boiled eggs .
in his search for understanding of the people of the land of dhrall , omago had erased all knowledge of just who - and what - he really was , and he 'd grown up as just an ordinary farmer who planted grain and vegetables , watched them grow all summer , and then harvested them when autumn arrived .
men are supposed to hunt and fight wars , and women are supposed to plant vegetables and cook supper .
the bug - people eat everything - vegetables , fruit , meat - animals , trees , and the farmers themselves .
his father 's farm covered many acres of land spread out over the gently rolling hills , and every crop had its proper place - wheat to the west and south , vegetables to the north , and the orchard close in just to the east of the well - shaded house .
the stew that came steaming from the pot was thick , with strange vegetables floating in it , and large chunks of fish .
though there were several others who worked in the kitchen , no loaf , stew , soup , roast , or vegetable ever went out of it that had not been touched at least once by aunt pol .
i 'd somehow turned a conversation about vegetables into a plea for our future or something .
` ` where didt you find all da vegetables ?
i gladly dug into a big bowl of the usual miccosukee fare - grilled vegetables , mystery meats and hunks of fresh bread .
it 's of vegetables . ''
` ` i ' m good at chopping vegetables , '' said ronald .
a small , handmade soccer ball created with about a hundred yards of twine landed in the middle of our grilled vegetables .
but i hope you do n't have issues with vegetables , because we 're mostly vegetarians here . ''
` ` yeah , i 'll pass on the dog , but vegetables sound good to me . ''
we splurged and had some cans of beans , some dried meat , and some limp but still decent vegetables we 'd taken from the swamp .
asked peter , swallowing a bite of some root vegetable i 'd seen him choose delicately from his plate a second earlier .
i mean , if we knew that after we took those kids away , they 'd go start eating vegetables instead , i 'd be all for letting them go on their merry way .
peter came over shortly with a wooden platter , covered in meat and some grilled vegetables i did n't recognize .
there were lots of vegetables , some fruit , and plenty of meat .
sera had waited a solid hour , hiding in the darkness under a canvas sheet with a bunch of crates and vegetables .
bran could perch for hours among the shapeless , rain - worn gargoyles that brooded over the first keep , watching it all : the men drilling with wood and steel in the yard , the cooks tending their vegetables in the glass garden , restless dogs running back and forth in the kennels , the silence of the godswood , the girls gossiping beside the washing well .
she brought back a haunch of goat and a basket of fruits and vegetables .
they were herders of sheep and eaters of vegetables , and khal drogo said they belonged south of the river bend .
the market square inside the gate of the gods , which in normal times would have been thronged with farmers selling vegetables , was near deserted when tyrion crossed it .
chapter thirteen arya she was grubbing for vegetables in a dead man 's garden when she heard the singing .
the woman gave the vegetables a close inspection , and the boy a closer one .
` ` wash these vegetables , '' she commanded .
husband came bustling in through the front door , with an apron full of washed vegetables .
husband dropped the vegetables on a table , annoyed .
most of the queue waiting to enter duskendale were farm folk with loads of fruits and vegetables to sell .
vegetables had been planted in the lots where some once stood ; merchant 's tents and knight 's pavilions took the place of others .
the boys helped podrick payne unpack the donkey and carried in the salt cod , mutton , vegetables , nuts , and wheels of cheese , whilst septon meribald repaired to the kitchens to take charge of the porridge .
` ` stealing food from the kitchens , '' one explained to the acolytes who were waiting to pelt the captive with rotting vegetables .
a dozen villages did him homage in bread and salt and cider , offering him fruit from their orchards and vegetables from their gardens .
we could grow vegetables even in the deep of winter .
the thatch and timber had been consumed by fire , in whole or in part , and under the shattered panes of the glass garden the fruits and vegetables that would have fed the castle during the winter were dead and black and frozen .
on the twenty - sixth day of the fifteen - day march , the last of the vegetables was consumed .
to leathers he said , ` ` i 'll send out a bushel of vegetables for him and meat for you .
he dispatched a portion to leathers out at hardin 's tower , along with three big platters of roast vegetables for wun wun , then ate a healthy slice himself .
meat alone does not make a meal , though , so there were fruits and grains and vegetables as well .
some rotted vegetable .
the giant was dangling a bloody corpse by one leg , the same way arya used to dangle her doll when she was small , swinging it like a morningstar when menaced by vegetables .
one morning she had found some wild onions growing halfway down the south slope , and later that same day a leafy reddish vegetable that might have been some queer sort of cabbage .
she 's nearsighted , but somehow she 's able to pick out the differences between the fruit vendors and the vegetable vendors , the faces of the various merchants , who has money and who does n't .
he finds a bunch of dried - up food rations nearby , too ; terrible - looking stuff , freeze - dried pot roast , soup with inflatable dried vegetables , that sort of thing , but it 's better than nothing , and he also finds a little stack of butane camp stoves to cook it all on , hoping they wo n't blow up in his hands the first time he tries to use one .
the bays yawn open , with only a few shriveled husks of unidentifiable fruits and vegetables at the bottom , and as he goes from aisle to aisle , his hopes start to sink a little .
` ` i do not have that , '' tomasz says , his own plate now filled with a red savory - smelling mixture of meats and vegetables , ` ` but this is my favorite from when i was a little boy . ''
` ` that there army from cursed town , '' he says , still driving along like we 're talking about vegetables .
jane practically shouts next to us , putting the small rations of vegetables and dried meat into whatever containers people have brought with them .
his voice reaches out to me suddenly , and before i am even aware of it- i am back with- -my one in particular in the shed where we live , locked in at night by our master from the clearing , the master whose lawn we keep tidy , her flowers blooming , her vegetables growing .
i have never known those who parented me , having been given to our master before i had any memories , and i have only ever really known my one in particular , not much older than me , but who shows me how to do our job well enough so that the beatings are infrequent , who shows me now how to start a cookfire , striking the flint shards together to make our only source of warmth- -my one in particular letting me stay silent when we take our master 's vegetables to market and meet other members of the burden whose voices reach forward in friendly greetings that push me into myself in embarrassment , my one in particular drawing their attention and letting me be shy as long as i need to- -my one in particular curled against my stomach , coughing with illness from an infection , filled with the fever that is the worst sign of sickness in the burden , one that will have us dragged off to clearing veterinarians and never seen again .
stacy ordered a roasted chicken and vegetable linguine and darius chose the steak .
people are needing their fruits and vegetables , yes ?
it happened only two or three times over the following few months , and usually with something small , like a fresh vegetable or piece of fruit .
a strong odor of cooked vegetables and unwashed clothes hung thick in the air .
the table and the chairs have a distinctively mexican design with colorful fruit and vegetables carved and painted in the wood .
father had made salmon and steamed vegetables for dinner that night .
mother asked as we entered the kitchen where she prepared vegetables for dinner .
tulu and her older sister taffy are gathering vegetables and fruits for their supper as tasked by their daddy .
thelee farms raises two daughters beside the rows of cotton , the valleys of vegetables , and the hill sides of rice , feeding for the most part the northern and southern regions of the new colonies of the usa .
the soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton , indian corn , hay , vegetables , and unlimited flower floral vines , and grassy plants .
after three nuclear wars between the fighting usa and the lost foreign countries of the world along with mother nature plus lots of poor timing , the birmingham rich mountain soil flies off and out into the gulf of mexico waters as the storm rain drowns the vegetables rotten to the core under too abundant flood waters while the too hot intense sunlight kills the native floral and fruit plants .
folks plant rose flowers under windows , at doors , and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like opossums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees .
tulips , they keep bugs away from the garden vegetables .
rusk substitutes brilliantly holding up the mason glasses canned vegetables , listing .
mama enjoyed canning out here , singing and steaming the vegetables just perfect .
she canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens .
the ecosphere is self - sustaining with production of its own meat , diary , chickens , vegetables , field crops , and farm livestock , growing 365 - days , 24 - hours , 60 - minutes , and 60 - seconds - per - year .
every man , woman , and child eats their plate - sized great big helpings of steak , chicken , catfish , hamburgers , fresh vegetables , fresh fruit , fresh baked breads , and desserts , while the older folks talk old and ancient story tales about the land and its people , during suppertime .
a beautifully trimmed blue and yellow table decorates in first place , holding nine platters , consisting of white and dark meats , assorted grain breads , and steaming colored vegetables .
i smile and march to my combined breakfast and lunch meal while the food drips and drapes over the green tablecloth with huge platters of fruits , meats , breads , vegetables , and dessert .
the metal shield absorbs half of the yellow color when the other half hits the dirt ground of wild vegetables , fried potatoes , y all .
the dark green table linens under red flowered center pieces decorate with silver trays of fresh meats , vegetables , fruit , breads , desserts , and beverages along the walls .
the second box contains an assorted of colored full to the rim fruits and vegetables while the last box displays jillions of granules of flour , salt , spices , and sugar .
i quickly dive my ten finger pads into the food , smelling the soft breads , fresh fruits , crisp vegetables , and sweet desserts .
two dish platters holds two meats , two fishes , two vegetables , two fruits , and two bread rolls under the two glass - covered white steam flowing platters complete with a circular chocolate cake with bunches of cute chocolate roses on top of the first tier between our plates .
i sit between tok and mar while rann lounges at the head of the square table while many wbots serve platters of brown meat , white fish , green and orange vegetables along with white fresh baked bread and red , pink , and green fruit slices in four stages of presentation as i get full but continues to eyeball the round three - tiered chocolate cake that decorates with a snowy white chocolate flowers on the top layer sitting prettily upon the purple clothed dessert table .
lady starra , you have not finished your nutritious entre of meat , vegetables and fruit bring me another piece of cake.now , boy i bitterly sting like an agri bee as bot flies his metal can backwards out the archway .
planet agri is the food planet producing meats , fish , vegetables , fruits , breads , herbsand animals for the universe with its secretive and isolated mysterious business associates .
i hate vegetables .
i like vegetables but i love he dumps without completing then winks his eyelid , left at me for more flirting fun then he smiles and snaps his two fingers while the two wbots clear swiftly all the dirty plates , dishes , and silverware from our make - shift dining table as i slo mo stroll back to my metal work station beside rann .
the rose vases and candy boxes climb horizontal against the foyer wall from the doorway to the window and around the corner along with the colorful dolls , stuff animals that line in a vertical column up the staircase like a fairy tale land as i giggle with a girly twang that rann had instructed the robots to do this special presentation of beauty for my lovely gifts and baskets of fruits and vegetables grow against west wall .
i eye the food tray and covered plates filled with meats , vegetables , fruits , breads , and desserts since i did nt eat as bbot lifts the full tray and leaves then bed time begins as i fall asleep in the hot and heated room .
i trail twenty feet of fabric train in four inch heels in a slow and steady pace in perfect range for missiles of vegetables and fruits .
i see the food items have been served and huge trays of vegetables and fruits line the walls of the banquet room as citizens eat , drink , and merrily chat before i appear as i pray for them to toss only the rotten apples at me and my dress .
all the medical signs can be avoided by eating home - grown meats , fruits , and vegetables produced from the local farm , and owned by the local farmeran angel as i coo softly .
there was a hallway with gourmet fruits and vegetables , cheeses , fish , poultry , meats , and a large bakery with mountains of multicolored cupcakes in the windows .
no vegetables , seth said .
but my aunt intercepted me , coming out of the kitchen with a vegetable peeler in her hand .
the woman stumbled and i raced to catch the basket before it could fall to the ground and scatter vegetables everywhere .
it was almost flat like a platter , but had enough depth to the sides to hold fruit or vegetables without them rolling off .
kitchen hands lined a table and chopped vegetables in time with one another .
we begin to move along the first aisle ; on the left are all the fruit and vegetables , which are almost unidentifiable .
the fridge in the centre of the shop , that used to contain ice creams that were to die for on hot summer days are gone - apart from two tubs of plain vanilla ice cream and have been replaced with frozen chicken , pork and fish , some vegetables and i also see some ready to eat , just heat meals .
not bad , spider said , yer almost good enough to chop vegetables at a japanese steakhouse .
delicious aromas wafted out into the hallway : spiced meat and vegetables , and something sweet in the mix .
i hope that this time my tips will be more comforting , medea muttered , and headed to the kitchen , where her aunt and two other cooks were rushing from the oven to the pantry , from the pantry to the sink , carrying vegetables , fish , lamb , and chicken , cutting , boiling , roasting , and toasting .
oh , mrs . fitzroy , now they want roasted pork with beans in lemon juice , tomato soup , cornish pastries , crusted lamb with roasted vegetables , carrot cake with icing , salmon with pineapple and green peas , and the best beer and ale we can offer !
silly vegetable !
woran stirred his stew with the wooden ladle , studying the eddies and whirlpools he made with mutton and rooty chunks of vegetable .
i choked on my vegetable pizza but managed to damage control the reaction by looking from webb to jason and smarting off with , wan na truth or dare compare it boys ?
minutes later , a lady in a red velvet dress with a black lace - up waistcoat brought drinks in wooden mugs , along with a generous platter of raw vegetables , fruit , a loaf of bread , and some kind of braised meat on a bed of prunes and cedar nuts .
in the back , under crates of vegetables , is a door that leads to a tunnel , he whispered .
we are planning on purchasing several hundred acres for vegetable farming .
there were plenty of fresh vegetables and fruit out , but it was the meat i smelled most .
but i did put the knife down and look away , pretending to be busy washing the vegetables .
vegetables and fruits in clear mason jars , each labeled with a permanent marker in a mans hand .
there is food stored elsewhere , in a pantry or basement , potatoes , onions , carrots , root vegetables .
what i would nt give for a vegetable or something hot and soft .
i launch into describing our surroundings , pointing out the horrible fish and chip shop on the corner that the locals know not to frequent , the take - away market , and the unhappy fruit and vegetable seller in the stand across the street .
i lift the pot 's lid and inhale the scent of lamb and root vegetables cooking in the thick brown stock .
there were pieces of chopped vegetables mixed within the sauce .
the orcs table had two different types of meat , some side vegetables , and some of that unicorn bread that dyos seemed to want .
would it do the trick or just turn me into a vegetable for the rest of my life ?
long time neighbors are in the kitchen washing dishes , chopping vegetables , and visiting .
the man in the tuxedo , who i really did nt recognize , removed lids from the trays of food , and sat plates full of fancy looking meats and vegetables in front of us on the table .
claire and ian came back with a stew made with vegetables and what looked like shrimp .
she ate some berries and some vegetables .
dad grabs my bag from the car and takes it to my room ; mama , tessa , and i make our way to the kitchen and fix grilled cheese sandwiches and vegetable soup for everyone .
at noon , when the paddlers ceased their stroke to eat a scanty meal of dried fish and vegetables , he limited himself to a few sips .
the vegetable minestrone is especially good .
i watched in fascination as the vegetables took out a pair of guns , yes guns , and blew the sugar monsters to bits .
then , just to prove to myself that i was nt obsessed , i tucked my extra baggie of cookies into a back corner of the freezer behind bags of frozen vegetables .
instead she brought sliced vegetables , whole - wheat pita bread stuffed with a tofu - based mixture , a thermos of cold water , and for dessert , fruit .
carefully i lift a fork to take a stab at what appears to be a vegetable while tapping lexie with my leg beneath the table .
lunch consists of a roast , soup , and vegetables with a souffl for dessert .
there were glazed hams and roasted haunches of beef and mutton and stewed vegetables and pies and pheasant and turkeys and .. a lot of other things that hal could n't put a name to but he ate anyway because it tasted delicious .
there was also a small patch were some of the islands wild vegetables were now being cultivated .
the vegetables and fruits they serve here are all grown in those gardens .
it has always astonished me , how the anders are able to sculpt their vegetable gardens and orchards so magnificently .
along with their soups came a variety of fruit and vegetable salads , grown from the garden outside their window .
when she got back , there were two plates on the table filled with fruits , vegetables , and a variety of meats and cheeses .
some of the homeowners , like mrs . mazzilli , maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete , including a couple of impressive ones with herbs , fig trees , and vines loaded with berries , grapes , and string beans .
just as he had placed the washed vegetable down on the chopping board , kioshi heard footsteps as his father re - entered the kitchen .
* a feast laid before them on the long , polished , wooden table ; an assortment of rice dishes ; some filled with vegetables such as peas , carrots , bean sprouts and onions ; some with chicken and some with beef .
a plate of salmon , potatoes , and vegetables was placed before her .
there were two different kinds of fish , potatoes , vegetables , and wine .
there was warm soup , bread , and roasted vegetables .
a bowl of steaming rice and vegetables sat in front of my chair on the edge of the desk .
the rice and vegetables had tasted like ash , but i had the distinct impression it was nt because of his wifes cooking skills , more that my body had already begun to change .
wbot serves pan - fried wahoo , a fish of some type from the ocean floor , roasted pig , imported from planet agri along with raw vegetables , and cheese slices .
i do nt bother to attack the silverware , not really hungry while the other guest assaults the pile of greenish - white lettuce and fresh colored vegetables , enjoying the meal .
ty counters then eats the forkful of vegetables , chewing .
( chuckles ) therefore , i ve arranged security protection for you , chin whips a face into his chest while cramming a forkful of vegetables into his mouth as i drop my mouth like a hungry shark and dog sneer .
but they 're vegetables .
there are stacks and stacks of shelves covered in expensive goods : medicines , smoked meat , fresh vegetables , chests of jewellery , piles of packaged pills , bottles and ointments .
piled in neat rows were cans of preserved meat , fruits , and vegetables .
jars of jam , pickled vegetables , and other less easily identifiable foods sat on shelves above the cans .
please bring us pots of hot water , any clean fabric you have , and a bottle or two of vegetable oil .
the foursome was just beginning a meal of stewed vegetables , and she eased down beside her father with a smile .
her mother took a small bite of the vegetable medley .
her sorrow eased as her stomach filled with the vegetables .
villagers would grow fresh fruit and vegetables behind their homes , and had an array of herbs for seasoning .
my wife had been picking the vegetables in the garden , but when i got there i could nt believe what i saw reno drew a deep breath , holding back tears .
large wicker baskets of various fruits and vegetables did little to quiet his starvation .
a slim path led away from the house , about three hundred feet , to a giant garden that rolled out like an oversize vegetable patch .
marie had decked the table with cold cuts , vegetables , boiled eggs and bread .
the pork filets and vegetables added a spicy smell to the air .
different colored tents were crowded with people on the wide path , displaying flowers , fruits , vegetables , livestock , clothes , and jewelry .
potatoes that seemed to be mashed and creamed , seasoned vegetables that came in all size and variety , and freshly baked bread by the loaf .
after a few minutes , odarick sat down at the table himself , placing a plate laden with slices of bread , steaming vegetables , and beans .
my grandfather asks as i set a vegetable platter on the dining room table .
deer , wild boar , i think that s hawk , and the fruits and vegetables are over there , aiden pointed at each section as he named the foods they held .
the porridge tasted like bland vegetables and boiled meat .
i jumped as i came face to face with catalina cutting some vegetables .
there s usually pheasant , rabbit and other small game animals for meat , but we also eat a lot of rice and vegetables .
don fiddled with his soft gray meat and squishy vegetables .
the bag ripped and all sorts of round fruits and vegetables rolled around her .
as his wife marcy was still in the building ( peggy heard her lecturing on the importance of organic vegetables ) , ted was around too .
however , that was easy to say when living like a cow in the fields , surrounded by vegetables .
my knees buckled under me after just a few seconds and i felt myself dropping to the floor like a crumpled sack of vegetables .
mam said , shifting more vegetables into the available space on my plate .
mam had given me a few little chores to do in the house as my arms grew stronger , just polishing things or peeling vegetables before dinner , but i still had more time alone in december than i knew what to do with .
i went to bed that night doubly miserable , not just because i had spent the day peeling vegetables and mixing batter until my arms burned for the sake of the most ungrateful young woman on the planet , but also because i was worried that henri might think i was nt coming back .
i cried yesterday , just because i was sick of peeling vegetables .
such smells as those he immediately darted for the moment he stepped through the doorway came to him from everywhere , smells of fresh fruit , herbs and vegetables ; the meaty aromas of warm , recently butchered beast and game ; and some pulpy gross thing that closely resembled a big fat lizard hanging from a hook .
he got to his feet and tip toed as best he could through the murky reddish brown pool toward the bright orange vegetable .
said the mouse , pulling his nose from the hole he d chewed into the side of the soft orange vegetable .
billys knowledge of gardening was limited to his fathers influence , which was limited to a little book called a vegetable patch for beginners , written by marmalade anneg .
they had laughed about the authors name for days , but their vegetable patch had thrived .
beyond the cobble platform and the three stone pillars , beneath a big blue sky and a bright yellow sun , where animals made animal noises and leafy green vegetables grew leafy and green , a little farm stood as the single most prominent feature on an otherwise uninhabited landscape .
the kitchen was a hive of activity with servants washing and chopping vegetables at the sinks along the far wall .
the house had a small , well - maintained garden with abundant tomatoes , cucumbers , beans , peas , vegetables of all varieties .
as joseph approached the outdoor market , he had to fan away flies to find the meat that was nt spoiled and try to find the best fruits and vegetables along with some rice and beans .
after breakfast he would be taken to the atrium to begin work .on fridays only one attendant would be there as the rest of the work crew were dispatched to the fruit and vegetable processing warehouse .
the girls a vegetable , the gray - haired man grumbled .
a vegetable ca nt sing .
my daughter is no vegetable .
without the pilot , it is just a vegetable , as you put it , with no higher functioning cognitive abilities .
ella and her family dominated the farmers table , father sitting at the head as the woman dished out a rich vegetable stew and brown bread .
water from the wells was reserved for use by the family and their small vegetable garden , a burst of beauty on the south side of each house .
it was a veritable feast ; meats , breads and small clay dishes of green and orange vegetables .
rotten vegetables or worse .
with the rebels distracted , they did n't notice the swarm of vegetables hurtling towards them .
trying to avoid the scorching floor and fighting off determined vegetables , the rebels could n't have hoped to see the lunch - lady known as big bertha multiply until there was an army of thirty , large , formidable , muscular big bertha 's facing the hundred or so puny , skinny , adolescent rebels .
vegetables and fruit flew through the air like bullets , pelting their targets relentlessly .
i gasped and threw down the vegetable knife in order to snatch up the meat cleaver .
rose recalled the near - destruction of her mamas vegetable garden when it was left to the twins care years ago .
mama does nt want anything , sara cried , gesturing towards the unmovable woman , she s a vegetable .
mrs . utt goes back to chopping away at the vegetables .
she moved to the cart between our beds , and lifted a silver dome , releasing the aroma of soup and steamed vegetables .
sally asked , picking at her dinner of fruits and vegetables while reclining on the edge of her bed .
there were multiple tables filled with candlelight and fruits and steaming vegetables .
servants who averted their gazes , who moved woodenly across the room , bringing trays of fruits and vegetables .
i do nt see any ground - dwelling vegetables here , father .
i give him the do i look like an orange vegetable in my exquisite get - up ?
i began , but our conversation was interrupted when doctor harold surprised us from behind , carrying a basket filled with a potpourri of fresh vegetables .
doctor harold opened the door wide enough to allow us inside while he picked up his basket of vegetables .
i need some help with those vegetables .
they ate apples , corn , and other fruits and vegetables they found from trees or farmers crops along the way .
mathen answered , '' lamb , potato 's , and assorted other vegetables with the best assortment of spices i ' ve ever tasted .
he ordered a steak with vegetables and salad .
so after changing and managing to keep down a bowl of vegetable soup , he walked nervously behind his home to the potato plot his family grew .
he rebuilt the potatoes mounds to cover the tubers emerging from the ground , took special care of the vegetable patch , pulled weeds , drew water from the well nearby , watered the plants , and fixed fence boards around the garden .
knowing the location of kasta way made the trip much easier , and by the time the blood brothers had gobbled down strips of salted meat and fresh vegetables , they 'd skirted around the perimeter of kasta way , so as to approach the graveyard without navigating endless tents .
` ` every vegetable has its time , '' grunted grandpap .
after romulus descended the hill and turned down one of the many lanes dotted with shacks and vegetable plots , viktor broke the silence .
as cooks and servants abandoned their stoves , romulus chucked the orange splits backward : steaming pots and pans exploded , splattering guards with boiling soups and sauces ; colors exploded into the air as vegetables burst apart , painting the walls red , orange , green , and yellow .
she said returning the smile , i can not wait to have some of finlays new vegetables .
friend , just calm down , finlay said , glaring at his friend and going back to turn the vegetables on the wood in front of them .
but it was difficult to open the jars of vegetables and fruits she 'd brought in , and serve them to people without brushing their hands , or touching their fingertips .
he entered a large building with tables down the center , and breathed in the scent of canned vegetables and meat in broth that mingled with the smell of too many warm bodies packed into a confined space .
they supply ... '' ` ` fruits and vegetables , '' shai whispered .
he inhaled the sharp scent of rich loam from the vegetable stand to his left , and let his eyes wander over the bright colors and various textures of the textiles store and the machine shop .
hundreds of glass jars filled with jams , fruits , and vegetables of every variety sparkled like jewels in the lantern light .
chapter 26 aliah conley 's supply house resembled lael 's , with jars of fruits and vegetables lining the shelves and tables with a variety of household items running down the center aisle .
the men seemed to like his food , but mum said he nuked the vegetables and dad could nt eat his stuff .
beef dinner , pork dinner and chicken dinner with vegetables that have been boiled for so long that you ca nt tell the difference between a cabbage and carrot .
i m going to give you two vegetables : a spoonful of carrots and a spoonful of cabbage .
i mistook the chicken for roast potatoes and he mixed up the gravy with the vegetable soup .
they said that our vegetables were so raw you could feed them to rabbits .
alexi kept it open all the time to let the heat and the steam from the boiling vegetables out .
on the shelves there were boxes of vegetables and more empty jam jars .
i followed a line from sallys finger ; someone had laid out rows of picked vegetables all neatly placed on the floor next to each other .
i ve got to take the vegetables to town .
she was busy with the garden and selling vegetables .
there was the language thing , the garden thing , the not - washing thing , the bad clothes thing , the weird thing about lining up the vegetables , but in some ways he was really clever .
i did nt know the first thing about horses or vegetables or anything to do with parchman farm .
using his vegetable cutting knife , he slit his rabbit down the middle .
sally had been off delivering vegetables : beef tomatoes i think .
i realised that i had grown as loopy as the other residents of parchman farm : sally , the crazy vegetable seller ; keith , the mad vegetable grower ; preston , the deluded jockey , and me the guy who hangs out with a horse .
i realised that i had grown as loopy as the other residents of parchman farm : sally , the crazy vegetable seller ; keith , the mad vegetable grower ; preston , the deluded jockey , and me the guy who hangs out with a horse .
he pretended to be selling stolen vegetables .
shed spotted him wandering untethered on the side of the road while she was on one of her vegetable delivering trips .
sometimes i d see serious sally around the place still delivering vegetables in her old mini .
this was nt like supper , where he usually scarfed down his vegetables .
the way daniel saw it , real pizza did nt include chicken , onions , and other vegetables .
chapter 19 alistair after he cleared the pizza from the table , alistair replaced it with a spread of fruits , berries , bread , and the most wonderful stew daniel had ever tasted ( though it included more vegetables than he cared for ) .
scrunching his face in the same way he did when he was forced to eat vegetables , ayden said , ` ` he not my fwiend . ''
how could you get fat on a diet of lentils and vegetables ?
beneath the mists lay several tepees , most empty , a disused two berth caravan that was at least forty years old in design , that bulged like a cardboard box left out in the rain , and a well laid out and tended vegetable patch .
chapter four we sat together and ate what i will still to this day consider the best vegetable soup ever created on god 's green earth .
i was already stuffed after the bowl of vegetable soup , but man , i have to tell you , i do have a weakness for pecan pies .
chief wulfstan slid onto the bench 's end , ladled vegetable stew over a plate piled with pig - meat , added a heel of bread , and thrust it in front of neb .
the pig - meat juices ran down his chin and mellow turnip chunks mingled with fresh spring green vegetables .
she left tammie with instructions to begin cutting vegetables and mind bill .
i have to finish cutting these vegetables , she stammered .
plus there re vegetables in the chinese food .
once he had finished to great applause , the servants began to bring out steaming plates of meats , root vegetables , and freshly baked bread .
flowers , dinosaurs , dogs , kittens , animals , fruits , vegetables , gingerbread , christmas tree , birds , bugs , spiders , snakes , guitar , piano , musical instruments , fighter jets to airplanes , boats , and cars from a fast sports car to the old fashioned model - t ford to the new hover car .
the re - designer vegetables are fabulous , crisp , vividly pretty .
i normally consume every type of meat , vegetable , and dessert .
william blake said , every space smaller than a globule of mans blood opens into eternity , of which this vegetable earth is but a shadow that s great , but how does that help us ?
the platform was used for anything from pounding laundry , sorting vegetables , to sitting upon and chatting at the end of the day .
brooke asked her mother as her mother chopped vegetables for dinner .
my plan was to plant half of it with herbs and vegetables which i would use to come up with new recipes for my cooking club .
blobs of flour and vegetable peelings covered the counters .
lots of things that i think used to be brightly - colored vegetables and/or fruit but now were equally charred , surrounded the mound - o - meat .
the vegetables were nt a complete loss , but the roast , while burnt on the outside , was still frozen on the inside .
as long as i do nt tell my brother that the bisque has vegetables in it .
ill tend the vegetable patches while you go out hunting .
they ate a nice dinner of stir - fried vegetables and rice and as they began the washing up , zeus spoke .
there was a lovely smell of roasting vegetables in the air that made her stomach rumble .
when grampa finished washing the vegetables , he leaned against the kitchen sink , crossed his arms , and studied me .
one had half pineapple and half mixed vegetables , the second one had pepperoni .
i was nt sure what you like but thought i could nt go wrong with fruit and vegetables .
pizza and vegetable salad .
he put her on a special diet , i think a lot of fresh juices and mostly fruits and vegetables .
everyone sat in silence as braddle helped himself to a bowl of stew , bread and a side portion of vegetables .
i could see my vegetables mixed with some indiscriminate meat .
she looked at the vegetables on the cutting board and smiled apologetically at me .
once she left for her room , i put the vegetables away .
mom stood at the counter chopping vegetables .
i slowly jerk the binoculars back to beck as he still smiles and chuckles staring at his plate of five pieces of fried chicken , a mountain of mashed white potatoes that covers in yellow butter , a bigger helping of brown pinto beans beside an equal height of yellow sweet corn as beck stirs two of his vegetables together which makes me really hungry .
nurse atylie tried to feed some vegetables to him but he kept knocking them away .
my anger boils and i whip about to see traylor , my obnoxious little brother , smiling devilishly and attempting to hide the rest of the rotten fruits and vegetables he has in his hands .
i feel something slimy and pull my hand from his , finding it coated in a disgusting blend of rotten vegetables .
the rest of the vegetables he 'd intended to throw are now a mushy pile beneath our feet , some of it leaking onto my sandaled feet .
in between meat plates were dishes of multi - coloured salads and vegetables that i had never laid eyes upon before .
i am making root vegetables , felix explained .
they told us how to find root vegetables and start fires in training .
felix prodded a round , brown vegetable with a stick that he was using as a cooking utensil and smiled .
minutes later , felix had plated up two massive flax leaves with piles of earthy coloured vegetables , most of which i had never seen before .
he taught me to light a fire and cook the vegetables .
felix dropped it and passed me some roasted vegetables .
i scarfed the vegetables down , realizing how hungry i was , and even got seconds before finally feeling full .
no vegetables and fruits for us , samuel chipped in .
for familiars , stands and perches of varying heights held bowls of water , cream , raw meats , vegetables , and grains .
even though dembe usually lived off the landthe fish he caught , small animals he hunted and the fruit and vegetables he grewhe had a fair bit of money on hand .
we headed to the kitchen , and elios started cooking the old - fashioned way , by chopping and sauting vegetables fresh from the hydroponic pod .
i looked at the large amount of vegetables i had cut , not knowing what to do with them .
eventually , i d moved up to driver , hauling fruit and vegetables all over the pacific northwest .
and as for the acharnians , it was their blatant refusal to stop playing and growing vegetables that had consigned them to whatever history books still acknowledged them .
an assortment of fish and vegetables lay scattered upon the dusty ground , completely ruined .
and sansonis , enjoy your vegetables too , wo nt you ?
ifaut eyed up sansoniss plate of stir - fried vegetables as they sat down .
the food at school did nt look quite as revolting as last nights hospital menu , so i was excited by the prospect of a warm toasted sandwich over some gruel where the vegetables had been wilted down into some unrecognizable concoction .
her mother and sisters would visit the market , looking for some of the few vegetables they did nt grow , and for any of the spices they were running low on .
jenna and i skipped the vegetables and flowers and headed toward the jewelry .
there s even a table outside filled with fresh shining fruit and vegetables .
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
i eventually began cooking my vegetables in oil and butter with turmeric , its much tastier and more powerful .
i do nt know any other 25 year olds that meditate an hour every day , practice dbt skills and eat a variety of cooked vegetables every day .
a variety of colored vegetables and a dark meat filled my mouth .
on one side , vegetables grow in old car tyres filled with earth .
sara takes us out into the back garden and puts us to work building up one of the vegetable beds , piling soil on top of large stones .
she says the vegetables need to be raised because the tides are getting higher .
* * * in the morning we find out why the ground floor of the house is abandoned , and why sara wanted the vegetable beds raised , because the ground floor is ankle - deep in water .
we find noah and sara in the garden , standing in the water , examining the vegetable beds .
he inspects the vegetables .
that s why were raising the vegetable beds , so their roots are above the salt water .
the road passes small orchards and vegetable gardens .
but the roads themselves have all been replaced by green spaces : vegetable gardens , fruit trees , small parks .
beth goes out and comes back a few minutes later with a pot of a vegetable stew and some bread .
beth arranges for us to borrow a couple of bikes and we cycle past small shops and people jogging and working in the vegetable gardens .
but once we leave the town centre it becomes like baytown , with vegetable gardens and parks where roads used to be , and lots of cyclists instead of cars .
chelsea , vegetables are delicious , peter tries to convince me .
they 'd use surplus firewood to trade for whatever vegetables yolanda 's garden patch could n't provide as well as for other necessities .
in exchange for firewood , the family would be able to trade for fruit and vegetables plus manufactured goods that could n't make it to the kootenays from the coast .
the boys were cutting trees again and hoping to trade for more fruit and vegetables before summer was over .
they had completed three trips into the okanagan the previous week , so the fruit and vegetables were very fresh .
there were heaps of berries , fruits , and vegetables , alongside bowls of shelled nuts and grains .
i looked forward to the food , which now came in a few varieties , though always in a root vegetable , fruit , and nuts combination .
joan seemed to ponder this for a while as she served up the meal that she had prepared , a mixture of unidentifiable meat and vegetables , which she ladled out onto the plates .
as soon as the fire is ready , i want to set it cooking , arian said , cutting pieces of meat and vegetables before adding them to the pot of water .
as i chewed thoroughly cooked beef in a stew of vegetables - all the while wishing it were raw - the girl chattered away .
you know , my dad and i are nt really big on vegetables .
he lived in a small apartment above the fruit and vegetable shop .
maybe they could live there with green plants to produce oxygen , fresh food and vegetables , and lots of space to store the treasures they collected from their hunting trips .
to the bridge or the vegetables ?
the far end contained the hydroponic horn torus beds which , as far as galya remembered , grew lettuce and other green vegetables .
they lived off the vegetables in grams huge garden , fishing every day , dad hunting for the occasional deer .
she returned to brians house , pulled in by the smell of steak , fresh steamed vegetables , and potatoes .
i ate the rest in silence , noting the texture variations between the fish and vegetables .
the globs of vegetable that came out in one solid , gelatinous lump , identifiable only by their difference in color , as most of the labels had peeled off years ago .
today i went with a root vegetable theme .
the pitiful displays of limp vegetables and out of date canned goods were depressing .
for a child like agata , it means being turned back over to her parents a vegetable once they ve done surgery to remove her artificial left brain .
inspecting the pod and its damp , slightly fuzzy skin , vicky remembered where she had seen this vegetable before .
natalie set a plate of the same beef and vegetable mix in front of vicky .
mrs . crandon pointed out vegetables , which the man placed in a crate .
i d heard the horror stories , patients getting stuck in that in - between state and becoming some dribbling vegetable .
i spend half my life as a vegetable and i think i can still pretend to be normal .
am i some fucking vegetable ?
the wrinkly fungi , studded in a bowl of vegetable rag like glistening jewels , were served and consumed , together with wooliwog steaks , sunflower crabs , tiger corn soup and an array of stews and comfort food .
where were the kin sisters who had toiled under the sun on the upper slopes gathering their fruit and vegetables , the mothers who had washed their clothes in snake creek , the smoke from the chimneys , the yelping of children ?
chili - ed soup , chili - ed vegetables , chili - ed eggs .
scrubbing floors and polishing them , unpacking loads and piles of cardboard boxes , installing gigantic - sized picture frames to the walls in the hallway or passages , washing four kilograms weighted clothes in the washing machine , then purifying and purging the dirt - stained dishes from the other night that were piled and amassed up in the sink , then scrub spotless the bath tub and toilet and kitchen sink and stove and cabinets , then go to the market and buy three - days worth of vegetables and relish and groceries .
her corn was getting tall , the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well .
vanya took over the job of the house garden and began harvesting the vegetables that elle planted when she first dug it .
it had vegetables and an occasional fruit plant .
there was a whole turkey , mashed potatoes , gravy , some meat that they said was mountain goat meat , boiled vegetables covered in gooey cheese , and a bowl filled with sweet smelling fruit joyah did nt recognize .
a small fold up table had been erected in the center and held a bowl of rice and vegetables .
after a bit she sat at the edge of the ditch were her friends were already eating dried vegetables for breakfast .
i walked faster , hiding behind the large boxes of garments and crates of fruits and vegetables in the market .
under nukuluves tutelage , mina chopped and sliced onions , vegetables , and garlic while her grandmother eviscerated the fish .
i have that fund all sorted for you , ivy , she says , her hand still cutting up vegetables .
then , turning to her , i say , were having tofu stir - fry with lots of vegetables for dinner tonight .
just because i do nt like vegetables , i will not be swayed into talking about how much i detest those damn green things .
and do nt forget to eat your vegetables at lunchtime .
mr serason stood in the garden pleased with his efforts , digging another section to the vegetable patch .
i sat close to the fire , it was not that cold inside following my walk earlier when the weather had closed in so rapidly , not moving from my spot as i savoured the thick broth cooper had given me , it tasted like a vegetable soup , at least that s what i hoped it was , too hungry to argue my vegetarian case just now .
we have roasted vegetables of sorts if you wish ?
yolanda took me to her root cellar and parked me firmly on a wooden crate of some bottled fruit or vegetable .
granny expressed some concern about vegetables falling onto the earth below them , but lucas reassured her that any such fall out would have been in tiny pieces .
she has actually excelled herself , chicken , potatoes , and vegetables .
a few seconds later , he reappeared carrying a wooden basket full of vegetables .
he grew vegetables throughout the year and hibernated like a bear during the winter .
to buy my vegetables , he quickly clarified .
funny , i thought to myself , i never knew she bought vegetables from mr . andersons farm .
ill be back out there this evening , in case you get lost againwhen you re on your way to grandmas house , he said as he pointed to me and then flicked the basket of vegetables on the table with his fingers .
if she s not over at mr . andersons feeling which of his vegetables are the firmest , then she s having mr . mayfield snake her pipes .
jenn is the opposite only vegetables , breads , potatoes food with no sugar or sweet drinks like fiss similar eating habit like her daddy .
i pass the first group of dignities , delegates , aids , and body guards surrounding and attacking the food tables of meats , vegetables , fruits and desserts .
i have to sell my vegetables , the ones the castle did nt want for their fine banquet , full of it they are . ''
they love my vegetables ; best there are everyone tells me .
i had ordered a filet mignon , medium , with shallots in a red wine reduction with garlic smashed potatoes and sauted vegetables .
for dinner , he grilled steaks with baked potatoes and sauted vegetables .
just some chicken with tarragon in a white wine sauce with a medley of marinated vegetables and mashed potatoes .
i am surprised when i walk in and find levi pulling out stew meat and vegetables to prepare .
i go on to explain once more that many of the others were as good as vegetables but he does nt let that deter him alya , we are nephilim .
as laborers , my father and i are fortunate to have such great jobs since working in the oil rigs off the coasts , sorting trash , harvesting fruits and vegetables , or laboring in sweatshops are the norm .
stave looked up from cutting vegetables on the kitchen table .
when his laughter subsided , he set the knife next to the uncut vegetables .
alexandra took over cutting the vegetables while stave went to turn a roast of meat , spitted over the fire , in the cabins stone fireplace .
the roast was surrounded by platters filled with fresh bread slathered in butter , bowls of vegetables from the garden outside , and hard cheeses contributed by his guests .
* * * dinner turned out to be a sack full of ham , potatoes , carrots and other vegetables that none of the girls recognized .
jeff has let his three marshmallows catch fire and blows the flame out , i told monica that some day we are going to have our own little farm so that we can raise some animals and grow lots of vegetables .
potato head running the vegetable mafia ?
gatsby had quite a store of snacks and vegetables to take along with them .
she chastised him when he picked his teeth which still had some unknown remnant of a foreign vegetable stuck between them .
selling vegetables at our booth in town .
i ve lost valuable minutes to train before picking vegetables from the garden to sell in town this week .
i wish we could indulge in these vegetables , if only they were nt our source of livelihood .
one that makes me stop plucking the ripe vegetables at my feet .
the olive skin that i inherited from my father is even darker , probably from the months i spent in the autumn sun selling vegetables .
its the town nearest our humble home and where i do much of my vegetable selling .
habry works at the mill with aden and often leaves his kids with me when i m not in town selling vegetables .
one led to war , another to a life of selling vegetables , and the third was leaving this forest and roaming the realm .
i d be with rhoda at our cottage picking vegetables .
lumpies are the deep fried varied colored vegetables in animal fat drowning in either sweet or tart sauce .
platters held a steaming pile of sliced meat , slathered with gravy , and another pile of what looked like chunks of root vegetables with red flecks on them .
even the neatly cut and prepared vegetables looked delicious .
anything from meat , chicken , fish , shrimp , vegetables .
i d never say to those mountain folk , come help yourself to my garden vegetables or fruit without paying for them .
but we have a kitchen plot with vegetables and fruit trees that my wife and daughters care for while i m tending the coffee .
they have a long orange vegetable that is nt bad , and sometimes they serve something fruity after the meal ; i like that .
my room overlooked the central courtyard where flowers and fruits and vegetables were grown .
as i reached the bottom of the stairs , i noticed the whole first floor was decorated in gorgeous blooming flowers and tables topped with clay bowls that were filled with a colorful array of fruits and vegetables .
we had a huge feast prepared for the guests including fresh bread , lamb , fruits like figs and apples , vegetables , and of course beer and wine .
i got your favorite , pepperoni and sausage with all the vegetables .
my moms making dolma , this stuffed vegetable dish .
please nothing spicy , he coughed , and only vegetables i ve heard of before .
her back was turned to me as she said this , the knife in her hand moving at warp speed as she chopped vegetables .
this , believe it or not , is a basket of fruits and vegetables .
` ` as much as a vegetable can be a son , '' theo shook his head .
take her to dinner and make sure she eats lots of fruits and vegetables .
by the time they joined me in the dining hall i had already picked a table toward the front of the room and started in on my dinner of vegetable soup , fruit salad , and pizza .
she did nt know anyone on any of the long tables that had been set out in the hall , laden with all manner of meats , vegetables , berries and fruits .
this was particularly noticeable in the preparation areas , where the sound of chopping rose from a light drumming to a furious machine gun effect , with pieces of vegetable , off - cuts of meat and the occasional finger tip flying in every direction .
each was only visible from the head up above the pies crust , and each was gagged with a strange looking vegetable .
pointing his vegetable in chens direction .
pastry made from the finest bone flour , stock flavoured with two hundred year old puffball brandy , vegetables from the kings own garden , and of course the topsiders themselves .
pepino is a vegetable papa he responded , watching ricker through the rearview mirror .
dat so , a vegetable , no shit , which one ?
it was said , ' if he ever came around , he would more than likely be a vegetable the rest of his life .
the rest of the year , everyone had to make do with whatever packaged meat and vegetables came off the concession trains .
and most of your fruits and vegetables taste like cardboard . ''
` ` which only has four layers because you kids all hated the vegetables . ''
even in the day - time when he tried to speak of some sparkling new idea as she gardened , she would not stop to listen , but said , i find truth in the soil of our garden and the flowers and vegetables , my love , not in some book .
you should have planted more vegetables instead of all those roses !
did nt your momma ever tell you to eat your vegetables or the boogeymand getcha ?
the big man looked down , brushed chunks of meat and vegetables off his chest .
as they approached , they could see men busily herding goats into large pens , or tying bundles of vegetables to the back of pack animals for transport into the city .
the impact sent the man flying into a stockpot , boiling water and vegetables spraying out in an arc with the impact .
she held her steaming bowl just below her chin and delicately tossed clumps of meat and vegetables into her mouth with consummate skill , savouring the rich , sweet food .
lexie dug into her salad and put her fork in a piece of each different vegetable .
i sat there staring at the tray of lumpy mashed potatoes , chicken and a mix of plain cooked vegetables .
local markets sold all the fruit and vegetables available in greengrocers in the uk , and not just the stuff you associate with asia , which you can even pick up in supermarkets here now so that side of things was ok . of course they also sold all sorts of other stuff you could nt even put a name to .
rainbow trout , poached in red wine with a double cream and red wine sauce ; served with new potatoes and a selection of fresh garden vegetables .
most of them have dragged hand - carts behind them , to transport bottles of water , and baskets of cooked rice and vegetables , or whatever , to sustain them through the day .
he began humming as he cut up the vegetables selah had taken out , making the salads it was her dad , selah turned her back from daniel , her mom had had the mri and they would get the results of both tests tomorrow after the cat scan , selah filled him in on her and jakes day , she asked her dad to make sure he called as soon as he had results .
all that excitement over a vegetable .
then , milking it to the last drop , he edged off the tarp , revealing at last the massive lump of a vegetable .
what kind of thing , after all , would people seriously ask of a vegetable ?
a big vegetable !
he climbed into the old van and chugged away , leaving a confusing mix of odours on the air diesel and the too sweet smell of vegetable .
the vegetable is dead ?
she looked across at kevin , who was absently sorting the vegetables in his stir - fry , and said , they re more common than you d think .
she drops the bike , spilling vegetables and meat on the ground , and charges at the house , but the heat stops her .
fruits and vegetables covered in the sweetest glazes imaginable .
hanging over the edges were a variety of breads , cheeses and vegetables .
platters of sauteed vegetables , creamy sauces , mounds of manteil , spicy purees , and thick slabs of rich , dark bread sat on the table , their smells swirling and blending into a tantalizing perfume .
plates heaped with spiced vegetables , moist cakes , a sweet soup , and slices of breads with bowls of salted oil were spread across the polished wooden tabletop .
she said she wanted to buy some fresh vegetables , to cook a proper dinner for you .
at the moment vadim was working on a case of a theft from a greengrocers kiosk , where several kilos of vegetables had been stolen .
the unsold vegetables , half rotten and stinking , piled on the kitchen floor , plus the smell of the two alcoholics , made the apartment sickening .
kostya and i were outside making a fire on the barbeque while the ladies stayed inside preparing the meat and vegetables .
he always took seconds for the potatoes and vegetables , the only foods pia actually ate .
you see vegetables are currently a very labor intensive crop and having the labor generally requires using immigrant labor since the current labor force available is inadequate for the needs of a farmer growing vegetables in this area .
you see vegetables are currently a very labor intensive crop and having the labor generally requires using immigrant labor since the current labor force available is inadequate for the needs of a farmer growing vegetables in this area .
sometimes when we go to the grocery store she will arrange the cans on the shelf or the fruits and vegetables to make them look prettier .
finally , he told us that the best thing that we could do was to put it all in vegetables .
the gardens were overgrown , but his uncle had a huge vegetable patch on some vacant land beside the cottage .
home - grown vegetables , the salt air and plenty of fish no doubt a good recipe for a long life .
beneath spindly eucalyptus trees , hand - carts loaded with vegetables trundle toward market on a small dirt road .
mckenna further instructs us to consider that inwardness is the characteristic feature of the vegetable rather than the animal approach to existence .
elementary - school urchins dressed as vegetables and already yawning opened the show , perfectly complementing the dcor .
crapo got as far as the doorframe when he saw the mess inside the feathers , guano , vegetable remains lying about , furniture tattered and askew and rajah presiding over it all .
we were at courtneys apartment and , sensing our anxiety , she prescribed an all - natural vegetable based remedy for our nervescoors light .
after cutting some vegetables i deserved sandwiches as big as my head .
you re going to eat good quality , organic fresh vegetables and fruit .
she barely notices what her grandmother is putting into the cart as she follows her out of the produce section and into the aisles of bulk foods and teas , dairy and cereals , frozen vegetables , and milk and cheese .
at first they lose all vitality , but then they gain talents or skills they had nt had before or change personalities or sometimes they become vegetables .
the scents of roast beef and boiled vegetables greet them as they push open the swinging door to the refectory .
she follows the nun in and picks up a tray , places a plate on it , takes a napkin , knife , and fork , and is served vegetables , mashed potatoes , a white roll .
she does nt see the lettuce or leeks in the vegetable drawer where grandmother had put them in a rare moment of helping her put away her shopping .
she does nt even think to open the vegetable drawers and to check for food .
hmmm the city does believe its good to grow vegetables from diapers , so why not lotion as fertilizer too ?
does paper towel go in with the food because it has sauce and some dried vegetable stuck on it or does it go in because its considered biodegradable or does it go in with the recyclables because its considered paper ?
bet the vegetables love diaper fertilizer , she mutters under her breath as she starts tossing the remaining counter detritus into the garbage .
large aluminum cans of now lukewarm boiled vegetables were opened up .
i loved your comment about pretending to be indiana jones looking for the magic ruby cabbage in the vegetable section .
they needed money to buy vegetables and rice .
the roast lamb was moist , the roast potatoes crispy brown on the outside and white and fluffy on the inside , and the vegetables were nt overcooked , having the perfect degree of bite to them .
she was unable to determine what foods she liked and did nt like , and as a result , she had never as a child had any trouble eating her vegetables .
the late summer gardens at golden acres farms were lush with both flowers and vegetables .
when i emerged , the house smelled of sauting garlic and vegetables .
they own plantations for oranges in florida , bananas in tropical countries , vegetables , canned foods .
for insecticides and other toxic chemical residues in vegetables , fruits , waters , meats and drinks we use instruments like mass spectrometry .
the vegetables would only go on once the turkey was almost cooked , the kitchen a hive of activity .
he died on that wall , falling off and into my friends vegetable patch .
when asked what the shovel was for i replied that i was planning on burying him in the vegetable patch before the vultures got him .
ten minutes later , beesely found otto supervising the erection of a large conservatory on the side of the house that viewed the lake , previously a neglected vegetable patch .
what if i promised to eat all my vegetables and never whine about going to bed ?
either way , he pointed out what looked best ( pasta with vegetables and chicken ) and duke called it in .
time ticked away but it was n't too long before a small tin of vegetable soup was almost to the boil .
walking up the tala'a he passed through the food markets ; stalls overflowing with baskets of dates , eggs , nuts , all manner of fresh fruit and vegetables .
when we returned to colombia , we were transferred to a new nongovernmental building above a large fruit and vegetable market .
bradys nostrils flared with distaste as he breathed in the stale smell of boiled vegetables , cigarette smoke and years of slipshod cleaning .
this year i want to extend the borders and put in a vegetable patch .
i wo nt be any good as a damned vegetable either .
maybe ill grow vegetables and tend my garden , instead of force - feeding people the way you want me to .
mike , most people do nt realize that almost seventy percent of our countrys vegetables come from this valley .
this time of year its vegetables .
some fields were of alfalfa , others of vegetables like broccoli , carrots and sugar beets .
lets chop some logic along with these vegetables , he d say .
the woman clicked her tongue and then proceeded towards a vendor selling a variety of canned vegetables .
` ` well , vegetable stew then .
jeanette , absent - minded as she was , would forget that she had applied the substance to her vegetable plants , then make a huge garden salad a couple days later and drop dead shortly after .
she had used that knife before to cut vegetables , helping her mother in the kitchen .
next , there were the flower and vegetable seed packets i ordered from some company that offered prizes if you sold enough .
you look terrible , her mother said , face tanned from the alps , and handed susan a vegetable platter .
they provide rice , fresh vegetables , meat , even fish and oysters to the rest of abacus .
small stalls with fruits and vegetables , clothes and kitchen utensils were frequented by colourfully dressed women .
steam billowed out and was followed by the fragrant aroma of slow cooked meat and vegetables .
he did n't need to get the freeping critters over this , a simple vegetable snap .
he would wait a bit before he put the vegetables on .
did you find all the fruits and vegetables you wanted at the market ?
there was a blender next to a batch of vegetables .
ill have the sweet and sour tofu , fried rice , and a bag of vegetable rolls .
the flowers he observed in the garden , the vegetables in the stew he subsisted on , and , most tellingly , the wine he was allotted twice each day were all recognizably from his native country .
~~~ i thought you mentioned something about a chef , jerry teased , as she came into the kitchen to find ethan prepping vegetables .
its an italian dish made with fresh veal and vegetables .
finally the banquet got underway , course after course of a little sliver of local seafood and an ornamental portion of seasonal vegetable , everything on some unexpected serving piece .
given up on vegetable stands ? ''
dirty pots sat cold on the big industrial stoves , and piles of half - peeled vegetables were on the wide aluminum tables .
i imagined him sat at a table , softly lit , with a family , bowls of steaming meat and vegetables between them .
2 sophie could smell the steamy vegetables and steak coming down the hall from the kitchen .
she watched as he slipped his hand in the paper bag and brought out vegetables , a fresh head of lettuce , and a six pack of beer .
under the sign saying save on fruits and vegetables this week they took a moment to catch their breath .
fresh vegetables lay around it .
he reached the corral and dismounted , his eyes sighting the smallish vegetable garden .
she s basically a vegetable .
there are some canned vegetables and some canned chunk chicken .
i opened the dispensation and i taken a scatoletta : chicken and vegetables .
who takes care of the vegetables ?
do nt you buy vegetables each day ?
ill have a bit of steak and some vegetables , a small portion .
i ordered a steak and vegetables .
the fruits and vegetables in the refrigerator are rotten .
the vegetables have a strange taste , as if the oil is old .
she s decided that the hygiene is a disaster , the fruits and vegetables are rotten , and the food is terrible .
for side dishes , both ordered mixed vegetables and potato pancakes .
she had decided to make a strong vegetable soup since she was nt feeling well .
the thought of it actually turned him on and he wondered if creeping up from behind her while she chopped cucumbers or some such vegetable would scare her or turn her on ; he was excited just at the thought .
the meal was a five course one , replete with hot sauces , fruits and vegetables , sticky yams and fried meats .
they had almost no meat left but the canned vegetables were still plentiful .
they opened gifts of canned vegetables , fruits , meats , coffee , tea , and all kinds of staples .
although she does not own a farm , she does own two acres of land , and uses one acre to grow a large , home - grown garden of vegetables and fruits that she shares with her family .
fields that were once fertile and full of produce such as fruits , vegetables , tree nuts , grapes , and almonds now sit stilled by the silence of death .
despite checks several months ago , and many consultations and advice from nutritionists , the diet in the rations was heavily skewed in carbohydrates and grains , with almost no vegetables to match .
the number of urban gardens multiplied threefold in the last month , as small landowners start pitching in neighbors and friends to build small close knit plots of fruits and vegetables , all without the use of soil .
vegetables such as celery and rhubarbs , a fruit , are much more hardy than say wheat or tomatoes .
by five oclock i thought i had better get the children some dinner , so i served cottage pie and vegetables , deflecting endless questions from them about when they were going to see mummy .
crackers , cookies , cans of vegetable juice , full - sugar soda , tuna , it was all shoveled into their gullets like pelicans at a fish farm .
having said that , he has come up with a vegemite vegetable soup recipe that is to die for .
on the table , a platter of antipasto consisting of cured meats , marinated vegetables , olives , and various cheeses was already served in order to satisfy everyones hunger whilst the first course was cooking .
they ate a steak with potatoes and vegetables and a dark , creamy sauce .
he went into a supermarket and filled a cart with canned food , vegetables , dairy products , bread and meat .
the plate was filled up with rice and potatoes and some local vegetable that green did nt recognize .
in the darkness he slipped on horse manure and vegetables that lay on the streets in piles against the walls .
the kitchen countertop was marble , and the tiled floor was trimmed with hand painted fruit and vegetable designs .
i should chop you up into little pieces , my little vegetable .
i have potatoes and vegetables already , but i have no steaks .
tracys also has an amazing roasted vegetable sorry to have left you so long with this crazy person , jessica .
the swinging door from the kitchen opened and an african - american woman entered with a tray that contained three plates of prime rib dinners with mashed potatoes , mixed vegetables and a salad .
anna could smell the vegetable and fruit stands from several blocks away .
sheila was never one for fruits and vegetables .
` ` it 's a grilled salmon steak with a beurre blanc sauce , garlic mashed potatoes and sauted seasonal vegetables . ''
now all i had to eat was an endless supply of beef jerky and whatever fruits or vegetables i could get to grow .
maybe she could ve taught me some trick to turn vegetables into ice cream .
some fresh vegetables from the garden .
i heard it was pretty good if you like rice and vegetable curry .
without breaking stride one server scooped two helpings of rice into the cup and the other covered it with two ladles of vegetable curry .
it will be a large bowl of tung - mein , noodles and some vegetables in a broth , and a plate of fried noodles on the side .
it was a meal for people who worked outdoors , for semi - nomads who herded sheep and goats and rode horses and camels and who burned up protein and animal fat as a matter of daily routine ; for the sedentary city - dweller , especially a westerner who had spent the previous five months getting used to a diet of rice and a few vegetables , it was a heart - clogging experience .
it was cold , but perfect for a girlie chat on one of the benches with a large flask of vegetable soup to warm them up every now and again .
the compact refrigerator under the worktop contained drinks , fruits , vegetables , dr atkins diet milkshakes , and a small carton of organic milk .
on it were two palm leaves , on which was some meat and what seemed like vegetables .
let me fill you in on something , eight ball ; animal , vegetable or mineral , i m not fussy .
the little man was now busy chopping vegetables and meat .
he feeds her some chicken and vegetables .
after two weeks of precarious boat journeys , demeaning road travel jammed into the back of swaying trailers concealed behind cartons of vegetables and machinery , he had arrived in grey , cold england in the company of a dozen other bedraggled , demoralised refugees .
it was like being back working those fields picking vegetables .
` ` i think you can assist me young lady , rather than sitting on your butt ; '' marissa slid a breadboard filled with washed vegetables towards her , ` ` ' sasha you can fix the rice , and frank how about mixing the spices ; you were always good at that ? ''
the girls both adored their country lifestyle , and marissa enjoyed the space it gave her to grow her own organic vegetables and work in peace and quiet .
a few moments later , margie came back into the room with two plates with what appeared to be pot roast and assorted cooked vegetables , and a couple of rolls .
at first , he began devouring the steak and vegetables .
in her left hand , she held a bag which contained a variety of fruits and vegetables .
just to see if diesel engines really could run on vegetable oil .
on the worst day of my life we were sitting side by side on a wooden bench digging out of plastic boxes of food court - asian : mixed rice , vegetables , and chicken , while letting the sun bask in our faces .
fredric , who was fiddling with some plants in the small poolside garden sighed , said sure in a high - pitched voice and walked inside to make b 's favorite drink , a fruit and vegetable smoothie with a generous dose of vodka in it .
but eating jorges salad was nt a huge concession , he usually put the exact amount of dressing and seasoning and always used the freshest vegetables and the best tuna he could find .
there was some brown fluffy pancake like stuff , a bowl with brown ttong which looked even more disgusting than sambar , a lump of fried vegetables floating in oil , and a piece of raw mango stuck in gochujang .
the rice is getting over and we do not have any fresh vegetables .
if there are some fresh vegetables , get whatever you like ... also some eggs .
kimchi varieties are determined by the main vegetable ingredients and the mix of seasonings used to flavor it .
kaalia derogatory racist term used to refer to black people kapu- vaishya caste in andhra kamzhatang- spicy pork bone soup made with pork spine , vegetables , green onion , hot peppers and ground wild sesame seeds kimchi - traditional fermented korean dish made of vegetables with a variety of seasonings .
kaalia derogatory racist term used to refer to black people kapu- vaishya caste in andhra kamzhatang- spicy pork bone soup made with pork spine , vegetables , green onion , hot peppers and ground wild sesame seeds kimchi - traditional fermented korean dish made of vegetables with a variety of seasonings .
it is korea 's national dish , and there are hundreds of varieties made with a main vegetable ingredient such as napa cabbage , radish , scallion , or cucumber kunjoos- stingy ( hindi ) lathi - means stick and also refers to a martial art based on cane fighting .
lorries- trucks lungi- traditional garment worn around the waist in indonesia , bangladesh , india , sri lanka , burma , brunei , malaysia , singapore , the horn of africa and the southern arabian peninsula machchan- brother - in - law , also used as a friendly greeting ( tamil ) mallu short for malayalam speaking people , the language spoken in the southern state of kerala makgeolli- alcoholic beverage native to korea , made from a mixture of wheat and rice , which gives it a milky , off - white color , and sweetness naan a leavened , oven - baked flatbread that is typical of and popular in west , central and south asia nadan curry- kerala beef curry narak- hell ( hindi ) pitaji father ( hindi ) rajya sabha- upper house of the indian parliament rakshash demon ( hindi ) rowdies- gangsters , lumpen saala brother - in - law ( hindi ) , also used affectionately for friends saar - sir sambar- a vegetable stew or chowder based on a broth made with tamarind and pigeon peas , and is very popular in the cooking of southern regions of india samguk yusa- memorabilia of the three kingdoms , is a collection of legends , folktales , and historical accounts relating to the three kingdoms of as well as to other periods and states before , during , and after satyagraha- fast shikoro shut up ( korean ) shikya- bastard ( korean ) soju- a distilled beverage native to korea , comparable to vodka , though often slightly sweeter suprabhatam- auspicious dawn prayer tauba tauba- god forbid ( hindi ) thalaivar leader ( tamil ) thammuda- younger brother ( telugu ) ttong shit ( korean ) upama- simple rice snack usually served for breakfast vatan country , motherland ( hindi ) yaar- dear friend ( hindi ) zamindari - a zamindar was an aristocrat , typically hereditary , who held enormous tracts of land and held control over his peasants , from whom they reserved the right to collect tax .
they had feasted on duck with sweet sauce surrounded by aromatic fruits and vegetables .
that night , contents of the garbage container where he had buried the young policeman were themselves placed inside a huge refuse truck which applied five hundred pounds of pressure which merged the mans body with a menage of vegetables , breads , and scraps of metal .
the garden was more than big enough for the family and for selling and , when necessary , giving away free vegetables to their closest neighbors when they were in need .
kids are notorious for not eating their vegetables .
the valley is emerald green as far as anyone can see from the sky , producing grapes ( and their by - products ) , cotton , almonds , citrus , and all types of vegetables .
zachary quietly poked the chinese vegetables around his plate ( for the last two weeks his meals had been completely vegetarian ) .
donald bunks , the local grocer , supplied peoples fruit and vegetables and that was as far as people wanted to know ; they did nt care that unless he had banana trees and cabbage patches and such in his back yard , then he must have his own external supplier .
henry ordered oysters rockefeller , which we shared , and once that was gone , we feasted on salad , sea scallops , red rice , and vegetables .
diapers , tee shirts , baby wipes , formula , strained vegetables , and fortified cereal .
i arranged the vegetables in the bottom of a pyrex baking dish and grabbed a marinated pork tenderloin from the refrigerator .
slipping it out of its plastic wrapper , i placed it on top , poured the remaining marinade in with the vegetables , and slid the baking dish into the oven .
as i chopped vegetables at the kitchen counter , i heard excited voices squealing outside .
the red soil from which the vegetables sprang , they cultivated .
the room was a massive larder , containing many boxes full of a large selection of fruit and vegetables , many of which they had never seen before .
visions of the town hall tables lined with plates piled high with vegetables , meat , tarts , and pies filled my head .
navigating around the stacks of vegetables was something i could never do too easily .
when we got back to the house , i made clayton some onion and potato soup from the vegetables in the cellar .
i could end up in a coma or something ... franklin was getting worked up again , thinking about being a vegetable in a coma which , to him , was worse than being dead .
she told alex that she knew her body would outlive her mind and she feared being an alzheimers vegetable for 20 years in some nursing home , wasting away without even knowing .
she could end up a vegetable doomed to a life of nothing for years until she wasted away in a home or a hospital somewhere .
it is roast beef , potatoes and some kind of green leafy vegetable .
as far as food goes , tim has switched us to a strictly vegetarian diet , no more mystery meat and lots of fresh vegetables , though he still sneaks me a cake every once in a while .
i watch him place a tray full of vegetables into a large pan of boiling water .
we have started a garden full of vegetables behind our place , thanks to tim and a few others .
tim has potatoes , carrots and some kind of meat created from vegetables , i think he calls it a vegetable patty , but i ' m not quite sure and it is very good .
tim has potatoes , carrots and some kind of meat created from vegetables , i think he calls it a vegetable patty , but i ' m not quite sure and it is very good .
its some kind of grilled vegetable patties with a rich creamy sauce and fresh vegetables from tim 's garden .
its some kind of grilled vegetable patties with a rich creamy sauce and fresh vegetables from tim 's garden .
he cut with abandon the vegetables on the cutting board and he knew the cuts and bruises he had taken were just ripples on a pond .
he gazed down at his vegetable patch with a furrowed brow .
so am i and i eat vegetables .
it tastes like some kind of chicken that must have been canned and mixed with a bunch of vegetable products , but it tastes good .
it looks like its full of fresh vegetables , and to think a few years ago karen said i would nt know a vegetable if one hit me in the head .
it looks like its full of fresh vegetables , and to think a few years ago karen said i would nt know a vegetable if one hit me in the head .
no pancakes this time , some kind of breaded vegetables and of course two bags of cookies that i ate first , but do nt let karen know that .
she walked over to the refrigerator and snacked on vegetables around the kitchen prior to heading towards the bedroom .
we also load up the cart with cans of spam , tuna , chicken , soup , chili , a big bag of rice , a variety of canned vegetables , and some canned fruit .
i open a couple of cans of hearty beef and vegetable soup and hand them to dane to put in the pan he has resting by the fire .
they prepared a feast for us compete with pigeons and a variety of vegetable dishes .
growing vegetables and tending the garden .
ashe remembered when the garden was full of growing vegetables , like tomatoes and onions .
her broken promise meant that we would have to spend more time with mrs . jefferies who smelled like sulphur and made us eat our vegetables .
but she was a vegetable right now , a danger to herself and to him .
kahn had a plain slice and diaz was tucking into a slice with ricotta , vegetables and sausage .
the food consisted of a seemingly interminable string of small dishes , mostly pasta or vegetables .
anna cooked steak , mashed potatoes , beans , and mixed vegetables .
i did nt like beans so i only put steak , mashed potatoes , and mixed vegetables on my plate .
and some vegetables and canned fruit , too . ''
the kitchen smelled of fresh vegetables ; dozens of onions and tomatoes lay on the table .
that would be so kind of you , byron , to help lessen the load of all these vegetables from crowding my refrigerator .
and from the old testament : gods anointed prophet is worth his weight in home - grown vegetables .
he felt considerably better when he awoke after 5:00 p.m. and dressed casually before going to the hotel restaurant to enjoy a good quality t - bone steak , fries and vegetables .
there were houses of various constructions and designs interspersed with sari sari stores , and an open market , where fruit , vegetables and fish were sold .
a vegetable market was closing for the day , and it caught the last of the evening 's light as the best of the season was carried away in large sacks of seed cloth and hemp .
no chance this girl would be mistaken for a vegetable .
i bought some steak , eggs , bacon , a bottle of red wine , plenty of fresh vegetables , heavy cream , and some good cheese .
its either a life as vegetable of living on a machine or else she s going to die .
it was filled with jar after jar of every vegetable known to man .
a salad sounded much better than some canned vegetables .
jaclyn was nt sure if it was wood , metal , mineral or vegetable .
it came with sweet potatoes and vegetables .
she was cutting vegetables for the salad .
she turned away and went on cutting vegetables , then suddenly asked : where did you get the recipe ?
each held a succulent roasted pheasant with sweet apple - plum sauce , caramelized garden vegetables , and freshly baked bread .
one day , the chinaman prepared a meal of steamed and fried vegetables and meat that had to be the best meal i ever ate .
scott has the vegetable soup , james a salad and some chips .
james occupies another seat , choking down a can of some truly wretched cheap beer he found in the fridges vegetable drawer .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
two wooden commissary crates full of neatly stacked fruit jars of vegetables and jellies that roberta had put up that summer were shoved to the front of the buckboard behind the bench .
behind , merry gay expected to see the trunks in the ditch and the jars of vegetables churned to soup .
merry gay and tommy climbed over the bench to the bed of the buckboard and began unloading the crates of jarred vegetables , passing a jar at a time down to roberta .
if the vegetables in the garden did nt flourish , lisas mother would ask her daughter , what learning is there in this , my little one ?
they found a few cans of vegetables inside the house stashed way back in the cupboard .
i lift out a cellophane wrapped bundle containing individual packs of assorted vegetables seeds .
well , i guess your vegetable is covered then .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * david manning was seated in the fda conference room , listening to five simultaneous conversations.they had abandoned the goose chase and were calling from the real list of volunteers.the calls were going somewhat differently today.the two - minute conversations of generic babble had turned into twenty minute long tirades.some of them were still so irate at the way dominex had casually turned them into walking vegetables that they were demanding to know what the fda planned to do about it.a few of the fda team had gotten so flustered with heated calls that they had handed the phone over to manning.he assured each one of them that their report was being taken very seriously and that the fda was going to take action .
its vegetable soup .
he predicted that he would find an array of vegetables , juices , and diet sodas .
they contained stewed chicken curry with vegetables , and steamed rice .
there was a medley of grilled vegetables : mushrooms , baby tomatoes , green peppers , red peppers , and onions , surrounding a steaming filet of salmon .
the backyard contained a grill , a weathered - looking hammock , beautiful , overhanging trees that reminded her of a southern plantation , and the remainder of a small vegetable garden , long forgotten .
we 're still getting some shipments of fresh vegetables from florida and california but , because of currency issues , imports from mexico and central america have halted .
first thing i noticed was that there was always food , mostly meat , but sometimes vegetables and berries .
at the base of the hill , the flints and thistles turned to a squalor of old fridges , the gutted shells of cars , electronic circuit boards , piles of metal slag , rotting vegetables and layers of sodden newspaper .
a blind mans stick pokes irritably at the cobbles , upsetting the piled cabbages and carrots of a vegetable trader .
he did n't know why he had been there , only that he had awakened in the middle of a small vegetable garden .
sheridan shared the report with angel as she arrived at the courthouse this morning : serena was eating very little , only the fruits and vegetables that came with her meals .
i spooned out the lasagne onto the now - warm plates and added the vegetables from the steamer .
jim , too , had edged away with his plastic bags , a live fish and some vegetables , but the american girl followed and strung together more questions spoken in enthusiastic wonderment as though it was so much better to be living like he was .
in one corner of a small , grassy clearing liberally scattered with shrubs , a forlorn banana tree and a small patch of dry looking vegetables , was a rough looking wooden structure built about a meter or so above the ground .
a few farm carts laden with vegetables passed on their way towards the village and now and again german lorries and cars drove past at high speed sounding their horns impatiently whenever a cart was rather slow in pulling into the side of the road .
an old man with a large basket of vegetables on his knee started gabbling away to the woman next to him .
both had been raised on farms with vegetable gardens and cows and chickens and they wanted to go back to simple living , which turned out not to be so simple after all .
organic sounds good , shelton had learned , but try growing vegetables with manure from only one milk cow and waiting for rain to fall in wrecked weather .
i had to go to that little mexican vegetable shed off the highway .
the others have long been gone , some swapped for food to the mexicans at the vegetable shed in lake park , a couple eaten by kim and shelton , when they were close to starving for meat .
the tray is occupied by a couple of bits of roast beef , vegetables , mash potato , and there is even a small apple crumble with custard for dessert .
faye dropped the vegetables in the sink and snatched gemma into her arms , holding her close .
sandals soled with tire tread grips , colorful cotton kangas , traditional medicines , vividly colored vegetables , you name it .
even now , you refuse to remember how he controlled you and you obviously do not remember finding those tablets he kept hidden in the kitchen , the tablets that were turning you into a vegetable ?
steamed vegetables that looked limp and blanched , and pieces of mystery meat that were supposed to taste like chicken but had the consistency of reheated rubber .
i was here when your brain was swelling and the doctors thought you 'd end up a vegetable .
kids needed their vegetables .
a tiny filipino nurse with brown arms as thin as stork legs swung the door open and held it for a large lady in a pink uniform who carried in a brown plastic tray that held a bowl of vegetable soup on a saucer with cellophane packets of crackers alongside .
imagine saddling your parents with a vegetable in an asylum .
he s becoming a vegetable .
japanese cuisine with its slithers of fish and vegetables required the sharpest knives in the world , so he knew he would be spoilt for choice .
gram checked on the roast in the oven and carefully chopped the vegetables for the salad .
he looks around to see if anyone is looking , then quickly pours a small amount of liquid on joeys vegetables .
his nose wrinkled at the rancid smell of putrid vegetable oil .
in the spring there will be vegetables again , i think .
when they got within a mile of the farm , they entered fields of vegetable , mostly cabbage and potatoes , though it looked as though most of the potatoes had been ploughed up , and long soil clamps about four foot high confirmed this .
fresh vegetables , especially cabbage .
me just sitting like a vegetable , mind empty , my eyes closed and wondering why we were being tailed by a seahawk helicopter .
she had come across a market stall selling lovely , fresh , organic vegetables and meat from a local farm , and she had managed to fill three carrier bags with goodies .
myles took an extra place setting through to the dining room while faye delved down the freezer for an extra packet of vegetables , hoping nobody would notice as she popped them in the microwave .
one area served only decadent desserts , while another had an unimaginable amount of main courses to choose from , and the last had fruits and vegetables galore .
people would get away from the city on the weekends and grow vegetables in their gardens .
main entre was monti : steamed noodles stuffed with ground beef , carrots , onions , and potatoes , a smart way to slip healthy vegetables into a good - tasting dish .
reid loaded the boxes of cheese , several large cardboard boxes the size of a refrigerator and two crates of fresh vegetables .
we ' ve got plenty of vegetables , eggs and milk so i 'll make us all something warm and appetizing . ''
the cupboards were filled with supplies ; cans of food , packets of dried milk , coffee , baking materials , a box of vegetables , another box of apples and other fruit all crammed on every available shelf .
one contained vegetables and the other the contents from a can of beef stew .
the vegetable gardens that are usually flourishing at this time of the year have gone ... '' ` ` how ? ''
betrayal lies at the heart of it all , betrayal and a sister who is condemned to spend what remains of her life living like a vegetable .
bex is going to be a vegetable .
is she a vegetable ?
will she be a vegetable ?
the shit , the murdering bastard , the man who broke rezarta , the man who turned his little sister into a vegetable , makes another exit from alex berisa 's life .
but you know a few more vegetables , some melted cheese and this soup might actually be edible .
she walked down the middle , past shelves holding canned vegetables , boxed dry pasta , sauces and soups , and plenty of sealed bottles of water and juice .
i can conscientiously say that the opposite is true : i resort to my vegetables only in times of acute distress , beyond endurance .
my mother slid the plate of broiled vegetables across the formica - top table : ` ` finish it ! ''
this trip only took on a few extra items , fresh fruit and vegetables .
there was a plate of glazed ribs , a basket of rolls , a smaller plate of grilled vegetables , and two twice baked potatoes .
solution : avoid carbonated drinks , such as champagne , and any beans , vegetables and pulses .
at home , in a warm bed , the central heating on full , the duvet pulled up over his head to block out any light , a hot water bottle resting by his feet , and a bracing toddy of whisky , hot water and sugar within easy reach of his invalid grasp , now that would have been a time and a place to be sick ; lying on deck on the kinshasa to kisangani steamer , surrounded by all manner of human , animal and vegetable life , was very definitely not .
i promise to eat all my vegetables .
the best place money can buy if you re going to live out your life as a vegetable .
bill put his plate in the microwave and started on the salad , which was an incredible mix of fruit and vegetables with a dressing that was sweet and sour .
she made vegetables somersault in her frying pan .
i picked out underripe vegetables to toss the blandest salad ever .
` ` my vegetable is the potato . ''
nothing extra - no sugar or sweets , no vegetables .
they did not know that my mother was a devoted gardener who spent more time tending her vegetables than she did the cotton .
in a large basket , my mother had assembled a collection of her finest vegetables , all handpicked , of course , and washed within the past two hours .
my mother explained to miguel and the other men that our garden was full and that she would bring them vegetables every other day .
` ` a painted house '' my mother presented the large basket of vegetables , and for a second , hank stopped his chomping and looked up at the fresh supply .
we would take them vegetables from the garden , milk from isabel , eggs from the coop .
the garden work was not as rough in the late summer as it was in the spring , when the ground had to be tilled and the weeds grew faster than the vegetables .
when the house got crowded , i could always find her in the garden , talking to her vegetables .
two cardboard boxes were filled with vegetables .
i sat in the back between the boxes of vegetables and watched the dust boil from behind the truck , forming gray clouds that rose quickly and hung over the road in the heavy air before slowly dissipating from the lack of wind .
my father produced the first box of vegetables while my mother called out its contents , and the latcher kids moved onto the front steps , eagerly looking on but still keeping their distance .
we gathered some vegetables from the garden , but only a few things .
she would have no choice but to come out and accept our vegetables .
we filled two straw baskets with vegetables and loaded them into the truck .
we ' ve brought some vegetables . ''
my mother was anxious to see the newest member of craighead county , even though he was a latcher , so while pappy piddled in the tool shed , we loaded four boxes of vegetables and headed across the river .
the tables were soon covered with large bowls of vegetables , platters heaped with fried chicken , and baskets filled with corn bread , rolls , and other breads .
we gathered vegetables from the garden .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
in the fall we gathered mustard greens , turnips , and peas , the late - producing vegetables that had been planted in may and june .
within minutes i was covered in mud from head to foot , i pulled and picked vegetables for two hours , then cleaned them in the washtub on the back porch .
my mother and gran were now in the kitchen , washing and canning the vegetables .
the table was covered with large bowls rilled with every vegetable my mother , had grown in the last six months .
the square was coming to life as pickups full of fruits and vegetables parked next to the sidewalk around the courthouse lawn , and the old farmers in faded overalls neatly arranged the small baskets of tomatoes and cucumbers and squash on the tailgates and hoods .
sunday lunch on eva 's table was a typical southern feast of fried meats , fresh garden vegetables - boiled , battered , baked , and raw , homemade rolls and biscuits , two gravies , watermelon , cantaloupe , peach cobbler , lemon pie , and strawberry shortcake .
her family would be of little help , maybe some vegetables from the garden and a few bucks for milk and eggs .
he 'll be a vegetable , and i 'll think about him every hour of every day for the rest of my life .
every surface in the chapel had been carved with symbols - christian cruciforms , jewish stars , masonic seals , templar crosses , cornucopias , pyramids , astrological signs , plants , vegetables , pentacles , and roses .
there was a heavy vegetable stink in the air , wet earth and flowers and leaves .
they ' ve probably got vegetables . ''
they refused to vote , did yoga , ate only vegetables , wore sandals with thick socks in the wintertime , avoided employment , and claimed to be atheists .
with a quick tour of rick 's neighborhood and the center of parma , they found a small grocery with fruits and vegetables stacked along the sidewalk .
the smell of coffee had faded and been replaced by the universal hallway smell of boiled vegetables .
the soup was thick and made from some kind of a light green vegetable , maybe lentils or celery or asparagus , and by the time the bowl was empty the cloth was badly stained .
and there was kate lane 's dream to think about , the new extended family farming together , growing hay , leaching the old chemicals out of the norfolk soil , planting wholesome vegetables five years in the future .
no vegetable matter .
there was a long - abandoned vegetable garden , ringed by a rusted rabbit fence .
ca n't try a vegetable . ''
i admitted to myself that i was becoming a vegetable , a docile hausfrau , walking , in my mind , six paces behind him on the street like some native bearer , but i also had to admit that i was happy , contented , and carefree , and that i did n't really yearn for any other kind of life .
the first page was a general note on vegetable poisons .
while quarrel prepared one of the succulent meals of fish and eggs and vegetables that were to be their staple diet , bond sat under the light and pored over the books that strangways had borrowed from the jamaica institute , books on the tropical sea and its denizens by beebe and allyn and others , and on sub - marine hunting by gousteau and hass .
the same vegetables as you , as it 's may .
a cargo gondola full of vegetables was moving slowly along a straight sheet of water into the town .
they scanned the menu and both decided on broiled lobster followed by a rare steak with native vegetables .
there were few people on the road - an occasional man going off to his precipitous smallholding on the flank of a hill , his three - foot steel cutlass dangling from his right hand , chewing at his breakfast , a foot of raw sugar cane held in his left , or a woman sauntering up the road with a covered basket of fruit or vegetables for stony hill market , her shoes on her head , to be donned when she got near the village .
flames were beginning to lick out of the shattered warehouse , and there was billowing smoke that smelled of sweet vegetables .
uncooked vegetables , nuts , fresh fruit ? ''
she consulted a list and ladled hot vegetable soup into a plastic mug .
the weak , hysterical thoughts whirled through his brain , mixed themselves up with the hairy hand of count lippe , the mouth of patricia fearing , the taste of hot vegetable soup , and , as consciousness slipped away from him again the diminishing voice of mr . wain : ` ` no structural damage .
weakened by a diet of hot water and vegetable soup , the ace of the secret service had been tied to some kind of a rack and then a man had come along and just pulled a lever up a few notches and reduced the hero of a hundred combats to a quivering jelly !
here are the head offices of the gros industriels from lille , lyons , bordeaux , clermont ferrand , the locaux of the gros legumes , the ` ` big vegetables '' in cotton , artificial silk , coal , wine , steel , and shipping .
` ` do they eat boiled vegetables for lunch ? ''
so i shut quinn out of my mind and helped myself to vegetables and started eating .
he moved on and got vegetables and fries from the next server in line .
crates of vegetables and drums of oil piled on the curbs .
his final ride was from a new jersey vegetable truck delivering to greenwich village .
let it live and become a vegetable ?
toby temple 's father had suffered a stroke and was almost a vegetable now , a man with listless , apathetic eyes and a mind that cared for nothing except toby 's visits .
he was a helpless , full - grown baby , a vegetable , a nothing .
the variety of goods that the peddlers sold was staggering : linens and laces , ticking and yarn , leather and meats and vegetables and needles and soft soap and plucked whole chickens and candies and buttons and syrups and shoes .
he wanted it to buy land , and grow its own vegetables , can its own goods .
there were fresh lobster and crab and salmon , selections of cold and hot meats , salads , a variety of raw and cooked vegetables , cheeses and fruits .
bugis street was narrow , with stalls on both sides , fruit stalls and vegetable stands and stalls that sold fish and meat .
their range of meals included steaks , fresh fish , chops , chicken , fresh vegetables and fruits , and tempting desserts .
the farm was on the other side of the main prison , and the twenty acres , planted with vegetables and fruit trees , were tended by trusties .
after that came a saddle of lamb with an assortment of fresh vegetables from the count 's gardens .
they strolled along albert cuyp straat , the open - air market that stretches block after block and is filled with stands of antiques , fruits and vegetables , flowers , and clothing , and wandered through dam square , where young people gathered to listen to itinerant singers and punk bands .
they had erwtensoep , holland 's famous pea soup ; sampled kutspot , potatoes , carrots , and onions ; and boerenkool met worst , made from thirteen vegetables and smoked sausage .
she 's a vegetable .
` ` now eat your vegetables .
along with the pot roast mary had prepared creamed mashed potatoes , fresh vegetables , and a salad .
` ` if you have a little fruit , '' he would say , apologetically , ` ` or some vegetables ... '' ` ` are you on some special kind of diet ? ''
at night , he slept in the orchards and he lived off the fruit from the trees and the vegetables in the fields .
there were stout , red - faced boer farmers with sun - bleached hair , their wagons loaded with potatoes , corn and leafy vegetables .
margaret carried a steaming bowl of vegetables and meat over to the table , and as she hurried to take the bread from the oven jamie stood there , silently looking at her .
after that came mutton and duck with potatoes and vegetables .
there 's a fifty - fifty chance he 'll live - but if he does , he 'll be a vegetable .
the farm had vegetable gardens , chickens , cows , pigs and horses .
the principal meal was taken at eleven a.m. , and consisted of a thin soup , a few vegetables , and occasionally a piece of fruit .
one morning at five a.m. the three of them went to the open farmer 's market that filled the streets of monte carlo and bought fresh breads and vegetables and fruit .
the meal began with gazpacho - the thick cold soup made from tomatoes , cucumbers , and water - soaked bread - followed by a salad of fresh greens , a huge dish of paella - rice , shrimp , chicken , and vegetables in a wonderful sauce - and ended with a delicious flan .
in oliver 's honor , they served burgoo , the traditional kentucky stew made of chicken , veal , beef , lamb , pork , and a variety of fresh vegetables cooked in a big kettle over an open fire .
all of us 'll come back for bread , potatoes , and vegetables .
` ` come see granddaddy 's vegetables . ''
tattered vegetable and fruit crates , along with wet cardboard boxes , were stacked like building blocks .
so they kept making pillamar 5 here , shipping it off to the banana republics , where they sprayed it on their fruits and vegetables and then shipped 'em all back here for us to eat .
they had iced coffee as they inspected the judge 's small vegetable garden .
before college , he was always around the office at five on tuesday afternoons when mr . randolph weeks stopped by with a delivery of food - fruits and vegetables from his garden in the spring and summer and pork , poultry , or wild game in the fall and winter .
even the vegetables glistened ; many exotic , imported from northern africa and the middle east .
i ' m a skilled , resourceful ... vegetable !
' you 're describing a walking , functioning vegetable who 's been brainwashed .
she picked up a knife and stepped to a pile of vegetables .
dr . swinn would testify about how dreadfully sam was doing these days , and he would do an excellent job of trying to convince the governor that the state was about to kill a vegetable .
` ` and was he able to speak , or just lying around like a vegetable ? ''
` ` because as we speak , we 're telling the fifth circuit that you 're basically a vegetable , incapable of putting together thoughts like this . ''
` ` grilled swordfish , blue cheese , no vegetable . ''
he looked pitiful , sitting there like a vegetable , rolling his head , wearing green kermit the frog sunglasses .
terraced vegetable beds loaded with tomatoes stood hearty .
dinner was the worst meal - some vile mystery meat with halfcooked vegetables .
only a dozen years ago , this land had been a flat marsh that supplied the city with vegetables .
dennis chiavelli sweated in the unseasonal heat of the early september afternoon as he chopped green heads of bok choy from their roots and tossed them into wheelbarrows that were being pushed up and down the long rows of vegetable fields by older inmates .
there were penned chickens and pigs and vegetable gardens .
heavy wood vegetable buckets often sat neatly at the end of a row .
he first of the kitchen help to see the uniformed latham and dietz come through the door were two tmen at a long butcher - block table , one chopping vegetables , the other straining liquid through a sieve .
said the astonished vegetable chef , continuing in german .
he may not live , and if hedoes , he will no doubt be a vegetable .
roasts of beef and lamb , chops , poultry and fresh fish ; vegetables thatunquestionably had come directly from a nearbygarden .
the scents of cheese mingled with those of fresh meat , root vegetables , pungent herbs , and plucked fowl .
after a short prayer , they dug into their plates of texas barbeque - massive beef ribs , a deep , glossy red ; baked beans with bits of fiery chile peppers in them ; and , in the lone concession to the vegetable kingdom , steak fries .
six specialized in areas such as steel and pig iron , tropical oils , timber , vegetables and liquid oils , fertilizer .
bourne wove through the spice and vegetable areas to the rear , where the butchers and the meat vendors had their stalls .
an old woman in black , small and bent , carried a mesh bag filled with fruit and vegetables .
steak , lobster , three different vegetables - all the chechens ' favorites .
using a stencil , they spray - painted hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables onto both sides of the vehicle .
arsenov gestured to akhmed , who donned latex gloves and re - moved the crate of scallions to the van that had printed on it hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
each day these establishments as well as the more upscale restaurants received shipments of fresh meats , fish , vegetables and fruit .
hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables was one of the main suppliers to the fast - food industry in reykjavik .
the crucial difference was that , unlike all the others , this particular van had not been dispatched by hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
they worked into the twilit night , interviewing the owners of every company that specialized in fresh vegetables , sending their own staff out to inspect the warehouses , storage containers and vans of each firm , including hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
they worked into the twilit night , interviewing the owners of every company that specialized in fresh vegetables , sending their own staff out to inspect the warehouses , storage containers and vans of each firm , including hafnarfjordur fine fruits and vegetables .
through the intervention of his mother 's brother , his parents worked at a maquiladora packaging fruit and vegetables .
without marie he was a loveless , discarded dead man , and without mo panov he was little more than a functioning vegetable .
` ` you 'll come out a vegetable with a refried brain .
a long horse - drawn wagon filled with fruits and country vegetables was in front of them at the kerb .
the kitchen smelled faintly of cooked vegetables and stewed coffee .
you 're not exactly a vegetable . ''
like ` ` fish '' or ` ` vegetables '' .
his dermal proteins , those of a meat - eating westerner , would be alien to the anurans , who subsisted largely on vegetables and fish curries .
in fact , the only real ` ` fresh '' vegetables were the collard greens , or ` ` spring greens '' as she called them .
in return , they kept him in fresh vegetables .
i followed her into the garden , moving slowly along the footpaths as she pointed out the herb patch and melons and all the other delicious fruits and vegetables she and esau tended to with great care .
she filled my plate with beef and vegetables , then covered it all with a thick sauce .
she fried a chicken and cooked every vegetable in her garden .
miss callie suddenly sprang to life and was pondering meals and making a list of vegetables for esau to pick .
moscow is generous ; there are roasts and fresh vegetables from lenin - knows - where .
if he was permitted to live , it would be within the four walls of a cell , or worse , as a vegetable .
that she had survived above a vegetable was not only remarkable it was the sign of a professional .
and if he had , i thought it would be a waste ; he 'd live like a vegetable . ''
the room - service table was filled with the remains of a devoured porterhouse steak , veal piccata , assorted vegetables , iced goblets of iranian caviar ( for antonia ) , and three chocolate eclairs ( for scofield ) .
` ` if we ever get out of this , i want you back on the fish we catch and the fresh vegetables we grow . ''
cheese , vegetables , fruit , chocolate , and other delicacies , displayed in wooden bins , spilled into the street .
he caught an enticing waft of steaming vegetables and grilled beef .
the nurses at first had felt challenged to fatten him up , but dr . hayani intervened and imposed a diet low in fat , free of sugar , and heavy on steamed vegetables and breads .
a pan of brown rice mixed with vegetables was steaming on the stove .
mr . o'reilly served custom - made sandwiches to those who 'd ordered them , and he opened large bowls of steaming vegetables and pasta for the others .
tuesday 's smorgasbord was either fried chicken or broiled snapper , with salads and plenty of vegetables .
' i ' m told they grow their own vegetables , ' the field accountant countered gently .
in st . gallen , ben had hitched a ride with a farmer delivering vegetables to the markets and restaurants .
they put more vegetables in the broth , mister said .
usually it 's just vegetables . ''
from the looks of his girth , mordecai had not maintained a diet of vegetable soup and apples .
she said hello and pointed to a pile of vegetables with skins in need of removal .
too many vegetables and there would be nothing left but broth .
a van from a food bank was parked by the door ; volunteers unloaded boxes of vegetables and fruit .
especially these days , with all the rationing and food shortages , when it was just about impossible to get real coffee or butter or cheese , when only the very well connected could get meat or fresh vegetables .
he did n't translate the russian word for produce , fruits and vegetables .
the steak came with an egg and fries and a complicated mix of some sort of warm - weather vegetables , and the ice cream came with hot chocolate sauce and nuts .
boxes , empty drums of cooking oil , rough wooden trays piled with spoiled vegetables .
the guy shuffled along and froelich gave him vegetables .
she heated up some meat pies and some slushy vegetables .
his roast usually came in on the right side of ok , and he served it with potatoes and vegetables and a lot of gravy , which helped .
he spits the food out of his mouth and sees a wad of gray mush and raw , half - chewed vegetables .
these were arranged in four basic groups ( meat , fish , poultry , and vegetables ) , with many subgroups and subsubgroups within each category .
i mean , it 's one thing to go undercover , but it 's another to do it as a vegetable .
there were five shelves packed with campbell 's soups and wyman 's sardines and dinty moore beef stew and all sorts of canned vegetables .
two of charlie 's drawings , made at the vacation bible school she had attended in july , held on the refrigerator with small plastic vegetables that had magnetic bases .
there was no cough medicine that he trusted , there were no fresh vegetables , and , crazily enough , hardly any matches .
for the next twenty minutes i was occupied in seeing that phillip used his napkin and said his prayer and ate at least a little serving of vegetables .
her voice was as crisp as if it 'd been in the vegetable drawer overnight .
` ` you did n't have to order yourself a vegetable burrito , '' i said .
i had made a homemade pizza using two boboli crusts , a half dozen vegetables , sundried tomatoes , tomato sauce mixed with olive oil and fresh garlic .
my stomach , i knew , was busy sorting through the melange of vegetables , spices and sauces and would be busy for some time .
there was vegetable soup and a baguette , and over the flames , lawrence roasted whole green chilies stuffed with cheese .
ezekiel and gloria curtice sat at the end of the table nearest the sheet - iron stove , a silence descending as the residents of abandon filled their plates from the pans of corn bread , vegetables , fried potatoes , sop , and whole roasts .
we 'll have fresh vegetables , homemade biscuits- '' ` ` it sounds wonderful , '' i said .
he fed me four bites out of the baby - food jar , and i had just begun to suspect that it was n't apple sauce after all , but some other putrid fruit or vegetable , spoiled beyond recognition , when he set the jar aside .
they changed out of their three - day - old clothes , and dee lit the campstove and brought the last two cans of old vegetable soup to a simmer .
the shelves bare but still carrying the smell of vegetables and fruit .
grunts of agreement all around - jack had gone for the chili , dee the beef vegetable soup , cole the chef boyardee cheese ravioli .
refrigerators contained nothing but rotting vegetables and fruit .
sixty apart from the fact that its hall was deep underground , the market was much as any other - stalls selling meat , vegetables , spices - whose odors were everywhere , and even denser than they would have been in the open air - clothes , shoes - whatever the people needed .
and saw her at a stall , buying vegetables .
he should get some rest ... sofia was packing the vegetables she 'd bought into a basket when something cold crept into her heart .
it seemed there were none in jerusalem who wanted what he had : fruits and vegetables from nearby farms .
seven ezio ate lightly - just pollo ripieno with roasted vegetables ; and he drank his chianti cut half - and - half with water .
the vegetables are old , the meat is flyblown , and the bread , no doubt , is hard .
all those flushes , all that hand soap and shampoo and detergent and toilet paper and barroom vomit , all the coffee stains , bloodstains , and sweat stains , dirt from the cuffs of your pants and grime from the inside of your collar , the cold vegetables you scraped off the plate into the garbage disposal , cigarettes and urine and hard bristles of hair from legs , cheeks , groins , and chins it all met up with hundreds of thousands of similar or identical entities every night and poured , she assumed , through dank corridors fleeced by vermin and out into vast catacombs where it commingled in rushing water that rushed off towhere ?
do you keep vegetables in the toilet ? ''
but david is a vegetable .
the blond oak cabinets were half full , mostly goblets and martini glasses , a few canned vegetables , some middle eastern rice mixes .
` ` and when he was turned into a vegetable ... '' ` ` all those demons of hers , repressed for twenty years , came back to roost .
he turned a guy into a vegetable just for fun .
` ` vegetable . ''
mass general was too far to make on foot and he could n't see any taxis or even any trucks in the streets , just people , filling it on market day , danny thinking if it was market day there should be some fucking trucks , should n't there , but no , just throngs of people and fruit and vegetables and restless pigs snuffling in their straw along the cobblestone .
that was followed by an apple , then a potato , and then the car was pelted with fruit and vegetables .
chapter nineteen in the kitchen with nora late of a tuesday afternoon , nora just back from her job at the shoe factory , luther chopping vegetables for the soup , nora peeling potatoes , when nora said , ` ` you ' ve a girl ? ''
the vegetables in the gardens , the milk and cheese that i saw placed at the windows of some of the cottages , allured my appetite .
their nourishment consisted entirely of the vegetables of their garden , and the milk of one cow , which gave very little during the winter , when its masters could scarcely procure food to support it .
compared to having her chest ploughed like a vegetable patch , this was a mere annoyance .
there were also the vegetables jo had cut up and the dip alex had made for them ; two large bowls of potato chips , one barbecue and one sour cream and onion ; and now the large bowl of potato salad bricker had carried out .
the vegetables came next , and sam finally got over her shock at his presumptuous behavior .
` ` greens are good for you , '' mortimer said , setting another floret on her plate and following it with cauliflower , celery , and several baby carrots before handing the dish of vegetables off to bricker .
he always did what he was told and never fussed about eating his vegetables .
the thought crossed his mind to wonder ifit was really hygienic to have raw meat and vegetables so close to the blood .
cale read with something akin to horror as his gaze moved with distaste over the picture of the dead , headless , featherless , and trussed - up roasted chicken on the plate next to a bunch of equally roasted vegetables .
frowning , she set the phone back in its receiver and leaned to the side , trying to see out into the kitchen as she muttered , ` ` kale is a vegetable . ''
` ` and then bobby over there is the vegetable chef and roundsman , the entremetier and tournant , '' alex added , apparently translating it to french out of concern that he might not know the english terms .
i do think of the vegetable every time i say your name . ''
` ` the vegetable ? ''
we started with vegetables , and then branched out to entrees , and , as i said , we recently added wine to what we do . ''
it looked like chicken , rice , peas , and other vegetables .
but when she opened the door , she found herself staring at the neatly stacked bags of blood on the bottom shelf , just above the fruit and vegetable crisper .
i ' m hoping seeing the vegetables that are available this time of year will inspire me . ''
he found the flour , the vegetables , the smoked ham .
the english always overcooked their vegetables .
` ` they do n't grow much grain or vegetable stuff , '' jeanne was saying .
i understand that italy is the place vegetables come from - al that weather .
the infant - inconvenience appeared to feel equal y unimpressed by raw vegetables .
the food laid out for luncheon was light but tasty : roasted winter vegetables , cold poultry , bread that managed to be both crispy and fluffy , and a selection of flaky pastries .
in the fringe , fruit and vegetables were almost unheard of .
most were too faded or torn to read , but i was still able to pick out a lot of canned vegetables , fruit , beans and soup .
a plate sat on a small round table , the remains of real food scattered around it , vegetables , bread , the skin of a potato .
you eat animal flesh and vegetables , but it hardly defines you , does it ? '
' i ' m not touching that , it 's squeezed from vegetables ! '
mrs scorbic was famously acerbic , especially on the subject of soya , nut cutlets , vegetarian meals and any vegetable that could n't be boiled until it was yellow .
everything - meat , vegetables , even pudding - appeared to have been steamed into flaccid colorless submission , with no sauce , or even salt , to bolster the flavor .
as he set plates of roasted chicken and vegetables in front of everyone , they caught up on their many years apart from each other .
as the children played with some floured dough balls , getting the white powder all over themselves in the process , i helped alanna cut up some vegetables .
lady linette had also been impressed when sophronia ate only the vegetables from the meal provided after the exam .
` ` i changed it to a vegetable soup .
the chef did indeed look after me , giving me a steak that sliced like butter and lashings of chips and vegetables .
shea had planted a garden , vegetable and herb .
the waitress placed the bowl of vegetable soup in front of her and left without speaking .
` ` it 's vegetable soup , '' she stated , pleased .
she was surprised to find the refrigerator fully stocked with fresh vegetables and fruits .
darius cooked me vegetable soup the other day .
while they talked , she had fixed a vegetable broth for tempest .
` ` please fix tempest a vegetable broth , '' darius instructed his sister .
desari had prepared a bowl of steaming vegetable broth .
` ` you are able to tolerate water and some natural vegetable and fruit juices .
you must begin with vegetable broth and build your tolerance slowly .
the overgrown brush disappeared in her mind , and the sacred spot was no longer a blood - soaked graveyard but a place of the living with four small houses and a cornfield and vegetable garden .
large , almost square , with pale rose - colored formica counters running al the way around , a huge refrigerator , two ovens , and a central island with a vegetable sink just for good measure , it was a dream kitchen .
two women , both wearing dark green coveral s with the shining brite logo on the chest , were staring down at something lying on the gleaming linoleum just beyond the island with its vegetable sink .
the sliced vegetables were cooked to perfection , still crisp and crunchy , and i pushed them around in the little white cardboard box with my chopsticks , looking for more chicken .
she watched her bone china bowl fill with savory soup and vegetables and she wanted to scream .
he 'd hardly needed to ask , based on how quickly - and enthusiastically - she 'd attacked the plate of almond - crusted fish and steamed vegetables .
` ` i 'll let you serve up some of that dirty rice and steamed vegetables , if you like .
surrounding the houses were fields where the akha grew vegetables and rice or raised pigs and chickens .
the kitchen was small but functional , the fridge filled with fruit , vegetables , meat , and wine .
we could host small trips over the vegetable patch . ''
on the table is an assortment of meat , bowls of fruit , and plates of vegetables along with desserts .
evanna had prepared a feast for us , but it was all vegetables and fruit - she was a vegetarian and would n't allow anyone to eat meat in her cave .
dante went still where he stood , watching as tess shopped in a lighted open - air market , carefully selecting fresh greens and vegetables .
vegetables and fruit lay in rotten heaps .
he tried to help , offering to put out plates or silver , or chop vegetables in the kitchen , or baste the turkeys that were roasting -- but the staff got so flustered , he backed off .
the squat , cramped room was lined with shelves of colorful canned fruits and vegetables , the still , warm air smelling of freshly milled grains and the dry , cakey sweetness of flour .
and no'one , in spite of her opinion of herself , was a hell of a lot more attractive than root vegetables ... . christ , the romance was just awesome all up in here .
this was where they kept most of their vegetables . ''
there was a lot more about these days , a bread made from flour ground up with dried pease and beans and vegetable scrapings .
` ` no fresh vegetables , no fruit , '' said shufti .
and root vegetables are a staple here .
` ` we did take some vegetables , '' said polly .
framed prints of fruits and vegetables hung on the wal s at intervals .
i was about to try to form some sensible words of gratitude when a fresh brace of slaves rushed in - nearly colliding with the departing crew - carrying baskets of everything edible that a marketplace could yield , including at least nine kinds of bread , jugs of oil , melons , green vegetables and much smoked food that would last for days - fish , beef and exotic sea creatures dried out to look like parchment .
` ` come on , steve.you can chop the vegetables with your samurai knife . ''
waiters immediately appeared , plunking plates of vegetables and meats on the table .
then she showered , changed clothes , and ate a big meal of miso soup , rice , and shrimp and vegetable tempura .
tables lined the street , covered with fruit and vegetables .
the fish course was taken away and the main dish set down before them : roasted beef short ribs with gravy and root vegetables .
he tore his eyes away from the tops of those remarkable br**sts of hers and tried to think unpleasant thoughts of particularly horrible things , like overcooked vegetables and cut - rate wine .
when they were on long trips with no fresh fruits or vegetables ?
i have loads of dry and canned goods , but someone was to deliver fruits and vegetables and stuff today .
i stirred around my steamed vegetables .
` ` especially at breakfast , when angeline called a tomato a vegetable and you did n't correct her . ''
` ` yes , '' jeanne louise said quietly , and continued into the house to return to cutting her vegetables .
jeanne louise had finished cutting up the vegetables , poured them along with beef stock into a pot and was stirring the beginnings of her stew when the sound of the door opening caught her ear .
chances looked slim since the obnoxious but beautiful vegetable was sitting under the table , warming up .
marshal stiffened , carefully taking a bite of rice and vegetables as if it did n't bother him .
barely a month since i was a living , warm - blooded human , who sustained himself on meals of meat and vegetables , cheese and wine - and who slept in a feather bed , with clean linen sheets .
on their side , fruits and vegetables were arranged in elaborate platters and towers , and sweet wine flowed from crystal decanters .
well , humans are parasites and mass murderers , from the point of view of vegetables .
a fire was burning when we crawled out of the swamp , a vegetable stew bubbling in a pot above it .
kaitlyn had never been so happy to see vegetables .
examine for me the western cities where even the poor are given platters of meat and vegetables daily and tell me hunger is no more .
by the il umination of the smal flashlight he 'd taken from the storage room , the root cel ar was just as described : a damp , earthy room to store fruit and vegetables before refrigerators had been invented .
she was , at heart , a vegetable .
no , she was a vegetable with no heart .
rotting vegetables cluttered the rain - slicked cobblestones .
it was about having to lift up quite a lot of crispy bacon before you found the miserable skulking vegetables .
don '' t look like that , there '' s a vegetable barrow out in the square today .
dr lawn says he must eat at least five pieces of fruit or vegetable every day ! ''
` ` and , incidentally , tomato ketchup is not a vegetable , '' sybil added .
five minutes '' wading and slithering brought them to a blocked - in doorway , but since it had been filled using the more modern ankh - morpork mortar of sand , horse dung and vegetable peelings , several bricks had already fallen out .
and vegetables . ''
ivy was dressed in a corseted medieval gown and lamenting her blood - covered hands - beet juice from a most excellent stewed vegetable tureen - and wearing a blond wig of epic proportions and ratty state .
she noted that the driver of the van was off - loading trays of what appeared to be food and fresh vegetables .
my father drew olive oil , vegetables , milk , butter and many such goods from these villages , but he did n't need them .
when they tell you go to bed or eat your vegetables or not try to do gymnastics on the couch because you 'll break your grandmother 's lamp that she brought all the way from her honeymoon in europe , you listen .
she must have had chocolate earlier , and cooked vegetables .
` ` what funky vegetables you been eating ?
remember to eat some vegetables , and neither french fries nor ketchup count . ''
` ` as in someone who pulls vegetables out of a garden ? ''
the only person in the back with cherise was the other cook , jose , who was busy chopping vegetables .
an hour after she returned home her mother , ruth , arrived with bags of fruits and vegetables .
the golem was chopping vegetables , working methodically from the bins .
` ` do you eat a lot of rare meat , or raw vegetables ? ''
while she chopped up vegetables and leftover chicken , fiji thought about how to resolve the town crisis .
i was weak , i had to eat vegetables , plus do n't forget having to go to the bathroom , what , like , multiple times every day ?
their father often reminded them that they were building a city greater than london could ever be - the city of god on earth - but that was poor comfort in winter when the snow piled high , the wind whipped through the crevices at the corners of their two - room house , and there 'd been nothing to eat for days but deer jerky and root vegetables .
iscariot watched them like a hungry hawk , even as he ate his own meal , a blood - red steak and buttery vegetables .
a tart but sweet cranberry sauce , roasted vegetables , fluffy mashed potatoes with plenty of real , fattening butter , sour cream , and cheddar cheese in them , and for the centerpiece , there was an enormous , spiral - cut ham with a brown sugar glaze .
the food was excellent - black - pepper - crusted steaks , along with soft , sweet sourdough rolls , perfectly grilled vegetables , and mashed sweet potatoes generously slathered with honey butter and sprinkled with cinnamon .
kincaid sat at the counter and watched me slice the vegetables .
i finished with the lettuce and moved on to the next vegetable on my list , potatoes that needed to be peeled and cubed so i could make another batch of potato salad .
roslyn did n't ask any questions as she hurried around the car , yanked open the back passenger door , and pulled out the basket of vegetables that had been sitting there .
i breathed in deeply , and a whiff of cooked meat and some sort of stewed vegetable drifted over to me .
apparently , dawson had thought that it would be fun to let his guests watch their food being prepared , although they were all far too busy bullshitting and boozing it up even to glance at the chefs as they whacked their way through mounds of vegetables , concocted creamy sauces , and flambeed various delicacies .
housekeepers dusting knickknacks in the living rooms , cooks slicing vegetables in the kitchen areas , even a guy dressed in a formal tuxedo in one of the dining rooms , like he was some stuffy english butler out of a movie ready to serve a table full of guests tea , scones , and insults .
the two of us were lying on a thick blanket in the shade of the greenhouse , having enjoyed a picnic of fried chicken , macaroni salad , fresh summer vegetables , and all the other fixings that i 'd made at the pork pit .
the sound of his teeth tearing into the crisp vegetable was even louder than derrick 's gunshots had been .
if he 's unlucky , he 'll spend the rest of his life as a human vegetable .
i have to admit , he makes a fine vegetable . ''
the thought of dumping it into a pan and warming it to an edible temperature crossed my mind , but heating it on the stove would make the vegetables mushy and i hated overcooked vegetables .
the thought of dumping it into a pan and warming it to an edible temperature crossed my mind , but heating it on the stove would make the vegetables mushy and i hated overcooked vegetables .
my father , a great believer in the nutritional properties of boiled vegetables and meat broth , had cooked hearty , hot soups .
even if i managed to miraculously stuff it somehow behind some paper plates , it would stink and be found , not to mention i had an eyewitness who probably would n't change her story and if someone suggested she was crazy would likely hit them with a thirty - six - ounce can of vegetables .
i can disconnect your brain from the rest of you and starve it of oxygen until you become a vegetable .
experienced masters of the dead honed their reflexes enough to disengage in time and some navigators survived the sudden death , but most ended up as vegetables .
turning on the appliances , tying a new blue work apron on over my jeans and long - sleeve t - shirt , pulling out vegetables and other foodstuffs to get everything ready for the day .
she 'd had to make vegetables grow from seeds to full harvest within an hour .
peeking inside the boxes , she found everything she could possibly want , from the basics , like sugar and salt and pepper , to several kinds of bread and a variety of canned fruits and vegetables .
getting into her car , she drove to the grocery store to pick up a quart of milk , a dozen eggs , a loaf of bread , and some fresh fruit and vegetables .
ana marveled at the variety of fresh fruits and vegetables that were available .
moving on , the girl picked up boxes of cereal and cans of vegetables , stared in awe at the frozen - food section , shook her head in wonder as she picked up a carton of eggs .
even though kari had already visited the produce department , ana luisa dragged rourke over that way , eager to show him the fresh fruits and vegetables .
he watched karinna as she bagged and weighed the fruits and vegetables she wanted and added them to her cart .
the women tanned hides and gathered wild fruits and vegetables , the old men told the ancient stories .
a large trunk held numerous cans of fruit , meat , and vegetables , bottles of water , and juice .
returning home , she went into the kitchen to put her groceries away , surprised to find that she had bought mostly meat instead of the fruits , vegetables , and whole wheat bread that once made up most of her normal diet .
milk , juice , eggs , cheese , and butter filled the refrigerator , along with a number of fresh fruits and vegetables .
fruits and vegetables held no appeal . ''
the lobster was every bit as delicious as he 'd said , the rice fluffy and perfectly seasoned , the vegetables the best she 'd ever had .
fruit and vegetable waste went in one container .
edible vegetable bits were scattered on the ground near the feeders for squirrels and rabbits or whatever else liked that kind of food .
the home section had started a series of articles about tub gardens and raised beds for vegetables .
` ` the sauce has ground beef and some vegetables .
a container of beef and vegetable soup for her , and a smaller container of soup for sam .
del a screwed the top on the bottle and placed it in the vegetable bin as if to hide it .
she sliced the vegetables super thin , layered the meat , vegetables , and cheese on the bread , and with butter now sizzling in the large frying pan , started grilling three sets .
she sliced the vegetables super thin , layered the meat , vegetables , and cheese on the bread , and with butter now sizzling in the large frying pan , started grilling three sets .
melissa had a big slice of vegetable lasagna on her plate .
refrigeration slows decomposition , in the same way it preserves fruits and vegetables and delays cold cuts from spoiling .
` ` i can get you hooked up with my sister 's husband and father - in - law for fresh vegetables .
and we have a line on any other fresh fruit and vegetables you want . ''
` ` we grow a lot of fruit and vegetables , '' sam grinned at ashe as he backed out of the parking space .
` ` i mean , there are certain expenses that are shared by the community , and we grow our own vegetables during the warmer months .
the trick , i think , is in keeping the communities small so we can raise enough vegetables and meat on the hoof to keep everybody .
` ` denise tells me you know a lot about farming and growing vegetables .
ashe knew his mother itched to get back to work - she 'd already cleaned out closets that did n't really need cleaning and spent much of her day weeding and fertilizing the community vegetable garden .
` ` dad is supposed to do the plowing for the community vegetable garden tonight , '' cori sighed .
you eat vegetables , even though you do n't want to sometimes .
e. the second , longer piece was then unfolded and read thus : amputation by randall smith every year we plant a community vegetable garden .
redbird did n't cook it , so toff ate vegetables and grains with his foster family .
` ` i 'll just go wash the vegetables and cut them up , '' he recovered quickly and walked swiftly toward the pantry .
corent was seated across the table from nissa , eating a vegetable stew .
` ` i ' ve only been allowed to eat vegetables . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you 're the way you are - eating meat after so many years of eating only vegetables would make anyone else sick . ''
one or two climbed into his lap , and he was shocked that they ate mostly meat , with only a few vegetables .
we ended up with pocket sandwiches stuffed with spiced meat , lettuce and vegetables .
i was proud of norian and lendill - they had n't drawn a weapon and stood calmly beside me , cool as the proverbial pre - pickled vegetable while chaos occurred outside my shield .
norian helped me look for food ; we ended up with a rice dish with meat and vegetables .
` ` your favorite fruits or vegetables they grow there ? ''
we 'd gone over the worlds that had the fruit , vegetables and other things pearlina mentioned .
therefore , taxes from the exports , combined with taxes from the fruit , vegetables and meats sold to the gambling cities , went toward the crown 's expenses .
devin got vegetables and rice ; there were a few vegetarians in the army , it seems .
we hammered out more details over plates of fruit , vegetables and turkey sandwiches , while the vampires enjoyed bottles of blood substitute .
i 'd seen winkler eat vegetables and salad .
weldon and i had bought necessities for the werewolves on harifa edus ; shoes , jeans , coats , hats - plus all sorts of supplies , including flour , sugar , oats , dried meats , canned vegetables and manual can openers .
` ` supplies are short as well , and we can not count on any fruit or vegetable shipments from the southern continent ; the eruptions of the volcano have destroyed all the crops .
some buildings still stood - we passed the occasional open shop and vegetable market , all with goods and wares on display .
` ` difik , '' he muttered , when i showed up to get the evening 's ration of meat and vegetables to cook .
corin enlisted one of the other drivers to help , and we brought back a load of fresh vegetables and meats .
i found leftover pot roast and vegetables , heating it in what karzac called a zap oven .
roff stopped chopping vegetables and came to me as soon as i made my way up the stairs and into the kitchen area .
roff nodded and threw some vegetables together for winkler .
he and dragon ate everything on their plates , vegetables and all .
we were served rack of lamb with vegetables and some sort of sauce .
steela , an old woman who lived in the ward long before i moved there , had made the garden blossom from a grass lawn with hedges around it into a veritable jungle of flowers and vegetables and vines and trees .
it 's a meat pie , filled with gravy and some vegetables i can recognize .
some of the others pick up the smashed vegetables and start hurtling them at the fighters .
for instance , i could have told you that many of the lanterns in the library looked like types of fruits and vegetables .
parisians swing by the markets every day for the ripest fruit and vegetables , and they frequent specialty shops for cheese , fish , meat , poultry , and wine .
when it is pointed out to him that the pasta course is an appetizer , he assents to a grilled vegetable plate .
and while i got a salad too- because obviously vegetables were important- i also grabbed a grilled cheese , a piece of pizza , a baked potato and a banana .
i shovel in a mouthful of the food , which seems to be a spicy chicken thing with vegetables all fried and all greasy and good , and i start laughing and almost choke .
so this man - the underguard - he 's really a vegetable ? ''
the performers passed around plates of meat and vegetables and scooped cream from silver tureens .
beautifully cut chicken , tender and succulent , with crispy golden skin ; stuffing with sage and onion ; thick , sweet - smelling gravy ; cranberry sauce ; steamed vegetables and roast potatoes and plump sausages wrapped in bacon - a feast fit for the inquisitor .
i put a few slices of chicken and some vegetables on my plate .
i ate my vegetables and gravy , still thinking of warden 's secret dealings with the emim .
jemimah directs the cultivation of the vegetables , she being of a practical nature , and i handle the flowers , me being more interested in the matter of ornamental flora .
about ten women are standing in the aisle and slinging vegetables and other foul things at the stage and those upon it .
the proprietress of the playhouse was fully ready to engage in the melee , having received an overripe vegetable to the side of her own face , and was in full fury over the destruction of her premises - the rum , whiskey , and wine were flowing quite briskly underfoot .
i note that having been disowned , pelted with rotten vegetables , arrested , and subsequently jailed has not done wonders for clarissa 's disposition .
i actually like carrots , so i ate some too , because i saw that erin 's plan was working and i do n't really care that people laugh when i eat those orange vegetables .
it was like i was seeing her for the first timenoticing the wine glass next to her on the counter as she cut vegetables .
i picked up the chocolate lined bowl and dumped it in the sink , filling it with water while i scraped the scraps of vegetables and fruit from the countertop into the trash .
she was holding her chinese cleaver , the counter piled high with carrots , cabbage , and other vegetables i could n't identify .
she read cards and tea leaves , and genevieve 's mother consulted ivy and her tea leaves for almost everything , the best day to plant her vegetables to avoid a freeze , the right herbs to cure a cold .
you could n't tell diced chicken from diced vegetables in the tiny chaos of mashed - up pie guts .
where we grow all the good vegetables . ''
` ` bring me the pork with the steamed rice instead of the potatoes , and the vegetable medley instead of the salad , and coffee with skim milk , not cream .
the leftover vegetable soup was gone , meaning mom had decided to feed herself at some point today .
and she scoots off to be replaced by her sister , who has a platter of vegetables and potatoes with tongs like before .
we have a pie made from some sort of bird with vegetables and gravy all in it .
then i go back to the cart and take a tray of vegetables and resume serving .
there 's not much in the way of closure to ending up a vegetable .
one brings up a plate of fresh fruit and vegetables with ranch dressing and some other weird - smelling sauce that i really have no interest in .
like vegetables , she thought , before they go in the stew .
karou took the plate of couscous and vegetables .
here , a battered truck served karou for occasional trips to buy bulk bags of grain , dates , and vegetables in the nearest towns , and behind the great hall a dynasty of stringy chickens now ruled over a small courtyard .
i have enough vegetables in the freezer to last me . ''
honestly , i ' ve never even talked to a boy for longer than five minutes , unless you count my cousins and uncle and andrew marcus , who helps my uncle at the stop - n - save and is always picking his nose and wiping his snot on the underside of the canned vegetables .
i wash the dishes - many more of them than usual , since carol insisted on having a soup ( hot carrot , which we all choked down , sweating ) and a pot roast slathered in garlic and limp asparagus , probably rescued from the very bottom of the vegetable bin , and some stale cookies .
evidence of the raids is everywhere : overturned garbage cans and dumpsters , trash picked through and spilled out onto the street , mountains of old receipts and shredded letters and rotting vegetables and foul - smelling goop i do n't even want to identify , red notices coating everything like a dust .
on it are foods i have n't had in forever : fresh fruit and vegetables , bread , cheese .
they are still fairly well - stocked : jars of pickled vegetables and meats are lined neatly next to bundles of dried jerky .
` ` i brought you a couple of things , '' i say , slowly reaching into the bag and withdrawing what i ' ve stolen : a bag of oatmeal ; cream of wheat and two boxes of macaroni and cheese ; cans of soup ; vegetables and tuna fish ; a package of cookies .
she sniffs , but allows me to help her stack and gather up the cans of vegetables and soup .
i ladled a bowl of steaming vegetable soup .
there she is , chopping vegetables , unaware of her posture , unaware of the wildness of her hair , even unaware that i am staring at her with so much love .
they went to jamaica , lying on the sand , eating goat and organic vegetables , watching movies under mosquito netting .
joanna did a lap of the place , marveling at how many types of barley there were to choose from , ogling the flowers in the extensive plant nursery tucked away in the corner of the store , perusing the pottery , handblown glass , and folk - art weather vanes that were displayed near the fruits and vegetables .
the aluminum staking poles were also there , all tied together with a big purple rubber band meant for vegetables .
an island in the middle of the room was covered in chopped up vegetables , cutlery and a wok , and at the far end of the room was a huge kitchen table with benches .
carmine handed haven a bowl of vegetable soup .
gavin ordered vegetable curry with spicy noodles without looking at the menu , while haven picked a cheeseburger with fries .
` ` can you , uh , chop vegetables ? ''
haven shoved her mixture in the chicken , instructing carmine to throw the vegetables in the pan with it .
he managed to stay on his feet but the pan hit the floor , the chicken and vegetables scattering around the kitchen .
` ` looks like chips and raw vegetables for lunch and dinner , '' he said , sliding another cup of fresh coffee my way .
liz still wanted to believe that parents and teachers always tell the truth , that if you eat your vegetables and brush your teeth , nothing bad will ever happen .
i walk to the counter and pull the vegetables out of the sack .
to the point where i drop my food tray and do n't even care i ' ve just made a mess on the floor and on my shoes with a mixture of lettuce and vegetables and thousand island dressing .
or is she paralyzed to the point where she 's , like , this is horrible of me , a vegetable ?
mom steams some vegetables and grills chicken for dinner .
a field of haystacks sits beyond the tracks , and a garden full of sunflowers and vegetables lies between the tracks and the manor house .
either that , or throw vegetables at me . ''
she sounds like a six - year - old reciting lines from a school play about the food groups : you mean you 're supposed to eat five servings of fruit and vegetables a day ?
there was watermelon , which we kept cool in a bucket of ice , and a salad made with vegetables from the organic farm that some of mom and dad 's friends had started .
they dangled vegetable lasagna in front of their mouths as they listened to track after track : ` ` bridge , '' ` ` dust , '' ` ` stitch , '' ` ` roulette , '' ` ` animate . ''
platters of meat and fish , raw fruits and vegetables , tiny cakes , candies , bottles of wine , and a huge roast pig with an apple in its mouth as the centerpiece .
right below me was a stone sink , and next to that , a long counter with piles of chopped vegetables and bloody bits of meat and bone .
vendors at outdoor stalls hawk fruits and vegetables .
we say blessings over the matzo , we eat the vegetables in salt water , and then the bitter herbs .
maggie is standing at the counter , taking vegetables out of the refrigerator .
they 're both chopping vegetables for some sort of soup concoction they 're making .
we make baked chicken br**sts and potatoes and steamed vegetables , and the meal comes out far better than i had hoped .
i drop the bag beside the stream , remove the nonperishables , and place them on the rock ledge , which already holds several chocolate bars , small bags of granola , oatmeal , cereal , powdered milk , a jar of peanut butter , and various cans of fruits , vegetables , and soup .
soon we 're sitting around a fire , cooking a vegetable stew in a large pot .
i find a few things on sandor 's list - an ancient compact disc player and an automatic vegetable slicer with curving blades that i dread to see flying at me in the lecture hall .
they 're so caught up with silly fears about uv rays and chemicals in their vegetables and meaningless ` ` terrorist threat levels '' and whatever else it is that these people worry about , that it never occurs to them that two kids working on their homework in the grass are the real threat .
blake blew on his spoonful of vegetable soup .
she eats sparingly , mourning either vegetables that are no longer grown here or fruit that used to be imported .
clotheslines are stretched between some of the tents , and a few brave vegetables are growing in pots .
several bottles of liquor stand on a table , as well as a loaf of bread and some dark lumps that must be rotting vegetables .
they made their way directly to the kitchen , where , despite frypan 's grumbling , they were able to get cheese sandwiches and raw vegetables .
vegetables have never really been my favorite , but during a lifestyle change , vegetables are my friend .
vegetables have never really been my favorite , but during a lifestyle change , vegetables are my friend .
* * * i spoon steamed vegetables onto my plate , cut the piece of chicken in half because it 's huge and i do n't need that much anymore , and add a small amount of red potatoes .
as i am pulled back from the rail , i lose sight of the people on the wharf , but i can see fish and vegetables and various animal parts continue to rain down on the formerly spotless deck , and i can hear the howls of rage and the curses that continue unabated from the crowd .
a little later i am told by crow jane that people have been dropping by sacks of vegetables , corn , and other produce .
the apple - cheeked purveyor of , among other fruits and vegetables , apples , dropped his hands upon my shoulders and peered with sparkling green eyes into my upturned face .
he 'd gotten all my favorite vegetables on it , and he was eating a piece of it , too .
i took the initiative and started working on the vegetables while hunter got two pans going with the meat and the fake stuff cooking .
we are not so far out from the last port that the meat is not still fresh and the vegetables have not yet turned brown .
i became obsessed with thinking i could ' ve prevented her from being disabled by eating more vegetables and exercising more -- i blamed myself for her condition even when your father insisted it was n't my fault . ''
i get a snack in the kitchen a little while later and see kiara cutting vegetables .
the night i told her , she held my hand and asked me if i wanted her to wipe his memories and turn him into a drooling vegetable .
my grandpa came into the room , carrying a tray of cut vegetables .
his hand hovered over the vegetable tray .
hanna took a big bite of her salad , crunching the dry , unappetizing vegetables in her mouth .
the overpowering scent of rotting vegetables and meat roiled spencer 's stomach .
aria always got bored halfway through and left her vegetables in big , unwieldy chunks .
the rain had drowned perfectly manicured lawns and the first blooms in organic vegetable gardens , turning everything to mud .
waiters dashed to and fro delivering big salads featuring organic vegetables , jerk - seasoned free - range chicken , and the best organic sweet - potato fries hanna had ever tasted .
when he accompanied aria to all those cooking classes , dutifully making sauces and chopping vegetables , he 'd loved ali , too .
there was a beautiful vegetable entree of eggplant , mushrooms , broccoli , and quinoa before her , but she had n't dared take a single bite .
she glanced at their mother , but mrs . hastings continued unpacking organic vegetables and whole - wheat pasta , her lips pressed tightly together .
a virile man like me ca n't live on vegetables alone . ''
the moment she spears the small round vegetable , mom glares at dad .
it 's a look he gave me when i was little , especially when i would n't eat my vegetables or when i begged him to read to me .
as i ate , i made polite conversation over roast meat , fresh bread , and vegetables .
it smelled delicious ; she had cooked a dish where meat and vegetables were covered in cream sauce and encased in flaky pastry .
fade filled the pot half full of water from the canisters we 'd brought from town and i sliced vegetables and then added dried meat .
i did n't speak until we reached the cellar , a dry room with a dirt floor and baskets of vegetables .
soon , there was meat roasting in multiple fires , vegetables bubbling , and sweets being stirred in pots .
slices through vegetables and raw fish like butter . ''
i thought of my japanese vegetable knife .
i jumped up , snatched the case containing the japanese vegetable knife from gideon 's hand , and flung it back in my bag .
he just ate an enormous veal schnitzel with french fries and green vegetables .
but you can hand me the japanese vegetable knife .
she handed me a little bag - the reticule , that would be - and i wondered whether to smuggle the vegetable knife into it at the last moment after all .
i opened my schoolbag and took out the glasses case in which lesley had hidden the japanese vegetable knife , in case i was attacked while traveling in time and needed a weapon .
i swiftly brought the japanese vegetable knife and what i was about to do with it to the front of my mind instead .
` ` it 's important that you do n't make any mistakes at all setting the chronograph ... . '' lucas was staring unhappily at the japanese vegetable knife now that i 'd taken it out of the glasses case again .
the cut i 'd given myself with the vegetable knife had been far longer and hurt much more .
` ` with a japanese vegetable knife ! ''
we usually eat the same thing every morning : a spoonful of rice , a bowl of vegetable broth , a chunk of rock - hard bread , and , on good days , a little cup of pudding .
not just strange bouillon cubes designed to go into automats , but fruit and vegetables .
the only fresh vegetable was iceberg lettuce salad with some scary old tomatoes .
` ` my mom cooks a lot of vegetables and chicken .
i 'd prepped some vegetables earlier for steaming .
` ` there 's some pork and steamed vegetables in the oven warming . ''
` ` look , i do n't want to be the heavy , but one of these days you 're going to come out of these fights a vegetable . ''
i find tomatoes and mushrooms and a red pepper in the vegetable drawer , so i chop that hooey up like a pro , using one of donna 's super expensive knives and a thick - ass chopping board .
i snuck a discreet glance at amelia , watching her cut and taste a variety of autumn vegetables .
i can see her hauling wood with the rest of us , chopping vegetables , going for long walks and calling it entertainment .
it was a trendy , mostly vegetarian spot , with large paintings of vegetables on the exterior walls that reminded me of the illustrations in one of dad 's well - worn cookbooks .
dad shoved a bowl of vegetables into my arms the second i walked in the door .
the envelope with katherine 's will was on the far side of the small table so that it would n't get spattered as i chopped the vegetables .
` ` never let me live like a vegetable .
genetically altered vegetables ? ''
` ` nah , not as embarrassing as your genetically altered vegetable comment . ''
everyone had dragged their large green trash cans to the curb , and the air smelled like rotting vegetables and dirty diapers .
the room was no bigger than a chicken coop , smel ed like rotting vegetables , and , inexplicably , had two pictures of serene - looking japanese geishas hanging on the far wal .
laurel grabbed a carrot stick from a vegetable platter on the grill and crunched down on it loudly .
almost immediately , mr . mercer was swept up by some of his guests , and emma wandered toward the buffet table , which was stocked with every kind of food imaginable , from sliders to filets mignons , grilled vegetables to complicated - looking souffles .
noah ordered an egg white omelet with fresh vegetables and wheat toast , no butter .
he ordered a plain grilled chicken breast and even asked for extra vegetables .
row after row of decaying fruits and vegetables spread out around her in endless lines .
i look around at the huge frescoes of different vegetables painted on the orange wall behind jeffrey 's head : a giant avocado , four big tomatoes , an enormous green pepper .
apparently the wilted lettuce and defrosted vegetables from the salad bar were n't doing it for her , either .
on closer inspection , the garden is n't just ornamental - there are vegetables growing in rows .
the meal is brisket and flavorful home - grown vegetables .
there is some sort of root vegetable growing in a field that borders the river , but when i go to investigate , i am chased away by an angry farmer waving a very lethal - looking pitchfork .
i look into it and see brown rice to one side and noodles across from that and a pile of cooked vegetables in the middle .
she was standing at the sink , cutting up vegetables and fruit .
` ` i 'd be a vegetable if that were the case . ''
i ' ve got to go grocery shopping with brandi and introduce her to vegetables and chicken that are n't processed to death .
i stock up on yogurt and kale and fruits and vegetables i bet have never graced the parker household before .
consider it a vegetable , surrounded by tasty goodness . ''
' do you like vegetables ? '
the human bean is not a vegetable . '
' oh , but the bean is a vegetable , ' sophie said .
' the human bean has two legs and a vegetable has no legs at all . '
nothing is growing except for one extremely icky - poo vegetable .
in the fields around our village there are all sorts of lovely vegetables like cauliflowers and carrots .
he was thinking that if only he could get the bloodbottler to take one bite of the repulsive vegetable , the sheer foulness of its flavour would send him bellowing out of the cave .
fragments of the filthy vegetable splashed all over the cave .
they came especially at feeding - time , when the snozzcumbers were being thrown down to them by the keeper , and it was a pleasure to listen to the howls and growls of horror coming up from the pit as the giants began to chew upon the filthiest - tasting vegetable on earth .
odd did not care for the winter , when the villagers spent as much time as they could in the village 's great hall , eating root vegetables and salted meat .
the secret plans to the airbase next door to the school were being smuggled out to the enemy by spies who were teachers working on the school vegetable allotment : the plans were concealed inside hollowed - out vegetable marrows .
the secret plans to the airbase next door to the school were being smuggled out to the enemy by spies who were teachers working on the school vegetable allotment : the plans were concealed inside hollowed - out vegetable marrows .
a thick vegetable soup , then roast chicken and new potatoes with frozen peas .
by mr wollery 's vegetable patch we stopped and she took something else from her shopping bag : a headless , legless pink doll - body , with badly chewed hands .
in this way it was discovered that the wasp nests of yiwei , dipped in hot water , unfurled into beautifully accurate maps of provinces near and far , inked in vegetable pigments and labeled in careful mandarin that could be distinguished beneath a microscope .
i gazed longingly at the boxed desserts and even the jars of vegetables , but still backed out without touching anything i should n't and made my way to nana 's room .
orange juice , milk , protein shakes , fruits , vegetables and even the chocolate cupcakes i liked to eat cold .
the way cut jaggedly back and forth and smelled of rotting vegetables and gamey meat .
but the planter boxes were empty except for dirt and some snarled , dead vegetable matter .
` ` that knife looks a little big for dicing vegetables , '' eli observed .
the table was burdened with crispy fowl , peppery venison , delicate fillets of trout , pots of soup , baskets of bread , platters of fruit , and trays of vegetables .
heat radiated from the water and the ground , leaving jason with lots of empathy for steamed vegetables .
with the armies of maldor poised to arrive sometime tomorrow , the cook had included extra meat , vegetables , and seasonings .
he smelled pea soup , chunky vegetable stew , mashed yams , fresh berries , pungent cheeses , buttered mushrooms , skewers of olives stuffed with garlic paste , and hunks of bread slowly growing stale .
the thick , meaty broth was loaded with chopped vegetables .
one plate contained a cooked fish with a couple bites missing and some vegetables that looked like tiny potatoes .
the other plate had several gray , curled shellfish ; a pool of beige sauce ; and stringy green vegetables .
the singer turned his back to the shower of vegetables and insults .
ferrin warmed a skewer of vegetables over the fire .
the polished table supported woven baskets of bread , cheese , nuts , fruit , and vegetables .
` ` you will find no finer bread or vegetables anywhere , '' galloran said .
aram held up a long , knobby vegetable .
` ` i can not believe you 're going on like this in front of the cucumbers , '' corinne chided , taking a deliberate bite of the vegetable and sharing a glance with jason .
for the past week , the delegation had mostly eaten unusual fruit and vegetables foraged by nedwin .
before long the table held three place settings , a bowl of fruit , a charger brimming with mashed vegetables dusted with spices , a carafe of golden fluid , a pitcher of water , and a platter heaped with slices of white meat .
` ` rachel , '' she replied , spooning vegetables onto the blind king 's plate , then helping herself .
rachel asked as jason made a small pile of mashed vegetables on his plate .
the woman eventually brought out plates of roast duck , heavily seasoned and marinated in oily gravy , with vegetables and hot bread on the side .
` ` here we go , '' jasher said , after stripping off enough vegetable matter to expose the wooden hull of the small vessel .
bowls of fruit , some peeled and slathered in cream , some whole , sat opposite plates piled with vegetables both familiar and foreign .
great tubs of eggs and potatoes and vegetables vanished as soon as they were placed on the table , whisked up the stairs and into what had to be the dining hall .
in the kitchen , chopping vegetables and washing pans , she was absolutely , gloriously nobody .
iskra went on , sliding her plate along to the next server , who spooned some pale root vegetable onto her slop .
fae moved across the bridges , and carts loaded with everything from vegetables to hay to wine .
there was fruit in the refrigerator - oranges and apples - as well as eggs , a carton of milk , butter , a variety of vegetables , and a bonus : two packages of ground beef , still fresh , and a string of sausages .
the downside is you wo n't want to spend a lot of time around mirrors - assuming you 're not a vegetable .
the other wagon was chockablock with a motley assortment of propane tanks , a couple roadside flares , canned vegetables , sacks of flour and dried beans , bottles of cooking oil .
in the cone of orange light thrown by his flashlight into this hidey - hole , the jars sparkled like a hoard of rare gems : small , beveled glass jars of strawberry jelly , deep orange marmalade , blueberry jelly ; larger pint and glittering quart mason jars packed full of pickled carrots , asparagus spears , mushrooms , potatoes , and other vegetables , as well as fruits .
it was arranged in a spiral with the vegetables in the very center .
she was sitting at the island in the kitchen , eating a plate of chopped - up raw vegetables , her dreads hanging around her long face .
she put another vegetable in her mouth .
half of the counter was covered with chips and vegetables , and the other half was clipboards , folders , and jotted - on legal pads .
in the backyard was an ambitious vegetable garden where seven impeccable rows flourished- textbook tomatoes , peas , beans , and carrots .
it was a fine one - stop destination for vegetables , antiques , doghouses , western wear , military surplus , civil war bullets , chili dogs , and custom chandeliers .
he was aware of eyes from the outdoor vegetable stands as he parked the suburban as far away from the buildings as possible .
` ` vegetable lo mein ?
jan paused from cutting up vegetables .
i did n't enjoy being served the main course of glazed duck with a rice pilaf and grilled vegetables , but i admit that i let levi feed me more than my share of the dark chocolate and raspberry torte for dessert .
pheasant , curried sweet potato , roast pig and vegetables lined every table and sweet mead flowed freely in heavy mugs .
the end wanted short story i stood at the kitchen sink , rinsing off vegetables , as i listened to alex and colt fighting - again .
* * * we followed the drunken sound of the carnival through a snarl of cramped lanes , where from wooden carts vendors hawked vegetables and dusty sacks of grain and freshly killed rabbits ; where children and thin cats skulked and prowled with hungry eyes , and women with proud , dirty faces squatted in the gutter peeling potatoes , building little mountains with the tossed - away skins .
they become drooling , catatonic vegetables from the moment they enter .
i thought of the kitchen and the exploded jars of fruits and vegetables i 'd found there .
but then i got closer still , and looked a little harder , and realized they were n't fruits and vegetables at all , but organs .
but when the covers were finally lifted , a feast of kingly proportions was revealed : a roasted goose , its flesh a perfect golden brown ; a whole salmon and a whole cod , each outfitted with lemons and fresh dill and pats of melting butter ; a bowl of steamed mussels ; platters of roasted vegetables ; loaves of bread still cooling from the oven ; and all manner of jellies and sauces i did n't recognize but that looked delicious .
` ` all these vegetables , '' emma said , gesturing to the garden beds in the yard .
until further notice , no one may leave the house , not even to collect vegetables or bring in a goose for the evening meal . ''
up they reached , across strata of earth and rock and root , through the bleached ribs of a dragon and a dark spring swum by water elementals and their imps , through layers of rabbit warrens and forgotten plague cemeteries , finally reaching the school vegetable garden .
preoccupied by the activities of his tail , batch missed and the vegetable skittered into the smoke .
it was covered with steaming dishes : a stew in an earthenware bowl , pots of potatoes and vegetables , fruit in a big wooden bowl , and five loaves of freshly baked bread on a cutting board in the shape of a fish .
` ` you 're gon na make me a vegetable . ''
i 'd be a vegetable and ashley would be dead .
i 'd rather end it now than spend the rest of my life as a vegetable . ''
she cooked meals where she made three separate eternally - boiled vegetable portions for everybody and would giggle in the corner at christmas with a small glass of sherry and a paper crown on her head .
she had asked for his assistance when he was billys age and he had pulled up half of the vegetables instead of the weeds before grandma noticed .
lunch turned out to be a vegetable stew .
of course she was smaller then , but took readily to a steady diet of meat and vegetables .
tahn was cooking , and the familiar smell of simmering vegetables greeted my nostrils .
the class then started throwing rotten fruit and vegetable at the guy who started the pranks .
the bins are filled with vegetables and fruits .
make sure she gets plenty of fluids , plenty of rest , and plenty of fruits and vegetables .
there were pictures of cows and pigs and grain and vegetables that looked so appealing to me that i had to find a way to see for myself if these stories were true .
they use recycled vegetable oil for fuel , sweet .
there were all kinds of grains they had never heard of before , corn of various size and color , native and exotic fruit and vegetables as well as all kinds of animals , from cows to pigs and sheep and goats to llamas , horses , donkeys and ostriches .
taylor dna became a trademark throughout the western hemisphere for superior breeding stock of all kinds of farm animals and vegetables .
there were tiny soup bowls with a myriad of different aromas and tastes and textures , steamed and grilled vegetables , masterfully prepared and seasoned with the most fragrant of spices , meats of every kind imaginable , cooked in countless ingenious ways , and a variety of bread which he could have never imagined before .
its a mixture of recycled frying oil , alcohol and fresh vegetable oil , tom confirmed taylors suspicions , terry brings it when he goes to refill the cars in town .
people have been living in this spot for thousands of years , if were going to be forced to go back and live like our ancestors this is the ideal place to do it , we can even put in a garden and have some fresh vegetables .
planting time was approaching ; we had some vegetable seed i had put away , but i wanted to make a trip into pierson and see if we could scavenge anything from the co - op .
we had even begun erecting a credible greenhouse that would allow us to continue raising vegetables all next winter .
sam provided us all with an ample supply wild meat ; we added the vegetables and between us had more than enough to eat .
this fare is splendid- our hydroponics section never produces enough fruit or vegetables for our liking- and yalumba produce is second to none , said lillian .
she listened with half an ear , keeping her eyes on her plate , eating the deliciously prepared food consisting of roast beef and vegetables .
hondo stirred up a nice brown gravy to top the meat and vegetables .
roast fowl flanked steamed vegetables nearby .
` ` we will not grow much grain or vegetables in this . ''
they raised their vegetable and grains on scattered plots in the hills and hidden meadows .
ill just cut a few vegetables and prepare dinner for nahumik .
or that some atheistic ideas were hidden in a corner of his mind , so ramona boiled vegetables soup to solomon , and promised him to visit him every day .
remember , he told him , owners of vegetables and fruits stores and small sheds all prefer dollars .
next morning semadar and humik were eating vegetables salad at 10 a.m. , during which humik was looking at the girlsingers songs list , that semadar had shown him .
would my mom ask her husband , irritatingly it is a gentle aim for ones life : to settle on a deserted land , like nature had created it ; that means : to change the landscape , or the shape of the deserted for thousands of years land , by sowing some vegetables and planting olive or fig trees over there .
all of the buildings south of the levee had been declared uninhabitable more than forty years before ; however from the number of small boats in the streets and the number of vegetable gardens and grills on the roofs , it was obvious the area in what once had been called little italy and the bowery , still had lots of people living above the water line , although below the poverty line .
there were no green vegetables , nor vegetables of any color in the bins .
there were no green vegetables , nor vegetables of any color in the bins .
ten minutes later the kitchen sink was filled with defrosted vegetables and the air was filled with the smells of the worlds healthiest vegetable soup .
ten minutes later the kitchen sink was filled with defrosted vegetables and the air was filled with the smells of the worlds healthiest vegetable soup .
despite knowing that burgey would be assessed an outrageous bill , prissi began shoving the soggy mass of vegetables down the insingerator .
the big lady , yoli , is a healer when she is nt hidden in the back of a togoan restaurant on west 46th chopping vegetables .
when the fire and smoke abated , he stood still , covered in frost and vegetable matter .
all that baked , broiled , and steamed meat served with those raw vegetables a hungry goat would nt eat are sapping their essence .
they are not classified as weeds , but are wild vegetables .
making people suffer the pain and the indignity of becoming a vegetable right before the eyes of their loved ones causes me to line up on the side of those people who support legalizing assisted suicide .
i would nt want to become a vegetable either , said bobby .
all grains , cheeses , oils , vegetables , and especially the tomatoes , as all of our sauces are homemade , are organic .
william issued commands to hs1 , effectively removing the units verbal and ambulatory systems , then broadcasted a message saying that hs1 was effectively a vegetable , and not to draw attention to him .
well find fresh fruit and vegetables .
sarah learned to make a delicious rabbit stew using whatever vegetables she found in the root cellar .
he watched as ten or so of his men transferred boxes from the two shabby horse - drawn wagons that stood in the middle of the old ladys vegetable garden next to the barn .
chicken , beef , vegetables of all kinds , grains , and fruits for dessert , it was a feast fit for kings , and i wondered how these romans stayed in such good shape eating so much all the time .
later , after the house had been torn down and rebuilt higher up on the hill they stopped raising vegetables there .
the mutineers of the arrow had landed a small supply of dried meats , canned soups and vegetables , crackers , flour , tea , and coffee for the five they had marooned , and these were hurriedly drawn upon to satisfy the craving of long - famished appetites .
in half an hour she was back with fruit and a hollow gourd - like vegetable filled with water .
if it 's a fresh vegetable or fruit , you 'd better peel it yourself rather than let these people do itthere 's precious little in the way of hand sanitizer here . ''
into a large pouch she tucked cheese , bread , meat , an assortment of root vegetables , and a flask of the mead .
enormous smoking hunks of meat , probably mutton or venison , drew the attention of the others while i viewed with relief the bowls of green vegetables as well as apples and berries , a change from my temple diet of root vegetables and flat bread .
enormous smoking hunks of meat , probably mutton or venison , drew the attention of the others while i viewed with relief the bowls of green vegetables as well as apples and berries , a change from my temple diet of root vegetables and flat bread .
only empty huts separated by dead vegetable patches and small twisted shrubs .
how could someone move a catapult into this room and toss a barrel filled with vegetables against a wall with such force ?
all meat gone and the bones broken but the barrels containing vegetables are smashed and left to rot .
the barbarian merchant ships brought vegetables ( dried ) , herbs , grains , and other trade goods to the miwa people .
after a minute or two chaura came into the room and started helping zafira cut vegetables and cook dinner .
there was a loaf of bread and a couple of sacks of dried grain or vegetables in bins .
i set out a dish of vegetables and grains for him last night and this morning .
he landed outside of town in a field of vegetables just starting ripen .
he had a plastic sack with vegetables and hard - boiled eggs in it .
at least they had something to eat this time , though cold vegetables were not what rica wished for .
the next morning they split the eggs and finished the rest of the vegetables .
rica did nt know what else to call them , but they sure did nt look like the vegetables from home .
' return whence you came ; take back those horrible vegetables , and that poor kickshaw !
replied d'artagnyn , ' for my part , i am eating veal garnished with shrimps and vegetables . '
even the flat rooftops sported gardens , some flowery , some obviously more oriented towards crops or vegetables .
it had a rich meaty smell , but also that of various herbs and vegetables .
they would fill a trough with mush of some sort , usually scraps of bones and leftover vegetables boiled in a cooking pot , and force the prisoners to eat from it without any dishes or utensils of any kind .
there was fresh meat and the aroma of the vegetables and potatoes mixed with the delicate herbs and spices was almost more than they could stand .
the vegetables were crisp and fresh , but they too were different .
the meat and vegetables come alive in your mouth .
jen took the range rover and stocked up on meats and vegetables , enough for a couple of weeks .
they belonged to steveston marine services who were contracted with several of the carriers to provide fresh vegetables , meat and dairy products to ships preparing to leave .
we grow vegetables here , said the driver smiling , our trucks take them all oververy useful sometimes .
i m not going to kill you obrian , said robbie , you have elbows and ankles to go yet ... ... ill turn you into a vegetable if i have to .
they sold fresh vegetables and fruit or bread piled high in wicker baskets .
fruit , rotten vegetables and other objects were hurled towards the platform , and i grimaced .
it took another half of an hour to find gambits usual vegetable buyer .
he took his wire , wrapped it around the girth of the vegetable and let it do its job .
shade used his book knowledge to supplement his diet with wild fruits , nuts and vegetables found on their island , but stayed away from people and farms .
the captain had him wrapping rope or helping the cook peel vegetables for the stews .
the ground was rowed with spring vegetables ready to be harvested .
one held harvestable vegetables and the other held fruit bearing trees and berry bushes .
there was a large path between the vegetables and the fruit plots .
meat was stocked as were , fruits , vegetables and hay for clift .
the mother and youngest were already out and shuffling quickly to the gathering at the threshold of the church , the middle son close behind , and the father sauntering in the back , lugging the basket of rotten vegetables ( that the women still forgot ) as he hobbled from a bad knee .
dinner had been bought in town ( with money marielle gave the boys for their travels ) and they roasted the meat and vegetables in a large pan over the fire .
drewbell mainly nibbled on uncooked vegetables , silently watching ca nt as he stared out toward a mountain range in the distance .
and i heard you done pissed your pants the other day , '' the man laughed , chomping on the last of the vegetables .
food had been donated to him while he recuperated at the church and he stocked his shelves with vegetables and oats and new cans and jerky .
with that said , i want to remind everyone not to throw away any old fruits or vegetables even if they appear to have gone bad .
we take on vegetables and fruit and make supplies last as long as we can , but the main thing we have to be careful of is using too much fresh water when we do nt know how long we 'll be at sea .
over the years pa & co had worked hard to develop a vegetable farm , they had turned over the pastures near to the house and gradually built up a productive set of crops .
the food lacked meat apart from small blackened portions that could have been anything , but the root vegetables and fruit were delicious .
subtile replenished its supply of fresh water , fruit , vegetables , salted fish and the meats of large game birds and small mammals .
soil was removed followed by flax covers exposing fish , game birds and vegetables .
his mother handed him a satchel with provisions : vegetable pasties , rabbit pie and a flask of her own damson wine .
the pleasant smells of stored meat and vegetables , lining the walls in large barrels , beckon her unfulfilled stomach , but she continues on nonetheless .
she started pulling vegetables from the refrigerator , enjoying having him there again .
otherwise , ill leave you as a vegetable .
she rounded a corner , past heaped crates of colourful fruits and strangely - shaped vegetables and came upon a sight which stopped her in her tracks .
eleanor realised she had three choices each of which looked like a chaotic medley of vegetables in a different thick sauce .
still , she munched her way hungrily through the whole pocket of bread , which turned out to be filled with vegetables and strips of something which tasted quite like chicken , all smothered in a tangy sauce which left a bitter aftertaste in her mouth .
so eleanor helped unpack the crates of fruit and vegetables , wheat and barley , leather and paper all things that an island this small and this rocky could n't produce in feasible quantities .
the door lead not to the tower but rather into a pantry she was only half - surprised to see that the shelves were stocked with pickled vegetables , smoked meats and dry biscuits .
` ` i missed that seam , '' she said as she helped herself to vegetables .
eleanor turned her attention to her meal , and as she picked at her vegetables she remembered all the strange foods they 'd eaten in taraska ; suddenly , it seemed , her mind was flooded with memories from around that time .
once they 'd made the biggest dent they could manage in the chicken and vegetables , ivan cut a couple of generous slices of the pie which turned out to have a pear and walnut filling and rang for someone to collect the leftovers .
when chris decided to quit the backbreaking job of loading and unloading everything from vegetables to horse manure , he settled on the outskirts of manaus .
today was no exception ; within seconds of the bowl touching the floor he lunged forward to devour the scraps of meat and vegetables .
it is a material made out of three inches of soft carbon nanofoam , which can be painted for habitation , or can act as a giant vegetable garden allowing plant growth on it .
in space we will be able to grow vegetables on all six walls of a cubed greenhouse .
one or two meats , potatoes or rice , two vegetables , gravy , a couple of dessert puddings , a fruit bowl , a sponge cake , and tea and juice .
humans need a balanced diet that includes greens and vegetables , and fruit , as well .
room four had more soil and root vegetables , vin noticed .
they were told that here potato , onions , garlic and several other important vegetables , as well as a couple of grain crops for animal feed and a small herb garden , could be grown on all the six walls .
what you have nt seen is that we have over 300 types of vegetables , herbs , other plants and fruit in seed form or dormant , in storage units ; we will rotate crops , replacing wheat with a crop of green beans , which adds nitrogen to the soils , or hydroponic growing chambers or bags .
i like the orange juice one , also the chicken in vegetable soup ; it tastes like soap , but i doubt there are any diners up here we can just pull the beer can up to .
they not only do the dying here but live here and farm the surrounding area for millet and vegetables .
she spoke the last words pointedly and returned to the massacre of the vegetables .
we plant our vegetables from west to east so they get the same amount of sunlight no matter the time of day .
the temperatures will grow higher this week , and the doctors recommends amira entered tired the gate , loaded with vegetables from the market .
bring the vegetables in the kitchen , change and come back , we have work to do .
she really did nt care how she parked the car , taking a red cart , looking for the need vegetables .
once , the sun was burning the earth , amallia was saving the vegetables by rain .
the sun was setting behind the chestnut tree , as she past the row of vegetables .
it was a time to thank the great spirit for the new yields of vegetables and food that would see them through the winter .
i nod , thinking back to the time before i started school when i was a functioning vegetable .
it was too early for fresh vegetables , but huge mounds of tender , new - growth greens glittered further enticement .
she looked up the fanciest meals in her recipe books , bought the best cuts of meat and freshest vegetables .
of course she had to help out by preparing the vegetables for dinner and setting the table but she still had plenty of time to herself .
placing it in its hiding - place , she put the book back on the shelf and walked downstairs to prepare the vegetables for dinner .
he was selling kim pap , the little disks of seaweed - wrapped rice and pickled vegetables .
there were also grain and vegetable farms as well as orchards .
the tightly clustered houses gave way to green hills , rice and vegetable fields , and little mud - brick farm houses .
this was followed by pork in plum sauce accompanied by a stir fry of fresh vegetables and finished off with small cups of green tea .
it was a meat and vegetable stew poured over rice and they all three dug into the meal with velocity unmatched by any other patrons .
no longer forced to drink the blood of insects , she drank wine instead , and ate meat with vegetables .
its basically a refrigerator on steroids and can hold anything from pre - made pastas , vegetables , meats and , if the occasion warrants , one large werewolf shackled to a chair near the vanilla ice cream .
they probably do nt even remember the incident , relegating it as unnecessary and useless information but it undoubtedly still left a bad aftertaste like when you try broccoli for the first time ; you do nt need to remember the actual flavor of the vile vegetable to know you do nt particularly trust its culinary promises .
i do nt think on my most experimental of days i would ve decided i had the yearning for a vegetable slurry of red paste and pepper and i definitely would nt have topped it off with a liquor which has the taste equivalent of spiced spit but , then again , i m not the most inventive of individuals .
there are fresh meats , vegetables , fruits , and desserts .
and different vegetables and fruits were grown as well .
by now , the sorbets had been cleared away and the waiters were serving roast beef with potatoes and steamed vegetables .
on a shelf , she found her pouch with the remaining gold nuggets that she had used to buy vegetables from a local farmer .
as they dined on some roasted duck and vegetables , they chatted about her cousins who lived in leesdale .
some of it was from the gold we found to pay for vegetables .
the meal was simple , just sausages and vegetables , but delicious .
after the first jar of pickled vegetables , she took care of her horse .
even before the anchor went down , islanders climbed on board with chickens , eggs , baskets of fruit and vegetables and bottles of a notorious brew of cactus juice .
garas - garas brought gifts of pigs , fowl , fruit , vegetables , two large baskets of rice , a bamboo tube full of honey , jars of palm wine and a walking stick with a solid gold head as big as an egg .
duarte chose to challenge him on this point as they sat over dinner one night in trinidads great cabin ; a rich dinner of roast pork , fruit , vegetables and palm wine such as they could not have dreamed of a few weeks before .
waiter , two bottles of your finest fermented vegetable juice , she called .
the money was for a large vegetable garden and irrigation system .
make shift tents and homemade kiosks lined the streets as independent vendors solicited milk , sour cream , cheese , meat , fruits , vegetables , and other items to pedestrians .
he drove down the road for about a mile until he came to the end of the road and one lone hut surrounded by a harvest of delectable buffet growing fruits and vegetables .
he could n't understand what she said and he could n't get past the stale smell of old vegetables on the woman 's breathe .
in the shade of large trees and situated beside him were fruits , vegetables and water .
he would also grab fruits and vegetables , enough for two additional days and found a bamboo grove to carry the water in five prepped cylinders , also enough for two days .
i like fruits , vegetables , bread , butter , nuts , berries , eggs that have nt been fertilized by a rooster , things of that nature .
for cage , the blend of spices and fresh chunks of vegetables were great and the bread was perfect for soaking up the soup .
at the tavern they make a vegetable stew almost as good as my mothers .
two large bowls of your famous vegetable stew , big tim .
over a few feet away sat a large platter of flatbread , cheese , eggs and vegetables .
pick the last of the medicinal herbs and vegetables .
lawrence fed the girl a healthy mix of meat and vegetables , which she wolfed down .
lawrence peered into the darkness at a pile of vegetables near the stream .
tantalising smells of smoked meat and vegetables drifted on the evening breeze and she felt the saliva pool in her mouth .
aunt explained carefully arranged planting of nutritious vegetable matter provided villagers with sustenance .
to our universes most tiresome meddler - remember , i still have those photographs - stay away from my vegetable patch !
edward , sometimes when the full moon hung high in the heavens and a faint shooting star trailed across our endless sky , i d wake breathlessly from a wild dream , a faint flutter in my heart , imagining owls hooting in the trees was the misguided young fellow messing around with vegetables in the garden , or allow myself some comfort for a mere minute or two that noises in the misty meadow yonder were tiny little footsteps picking up the scent of catnip in an inexplicable effort to attract all cats in the area .
phillip never understood the vegetable portion of vampire cooking but kept his mouth shut .
he walked on , passing the sanwa bank , the store that sold kimonos , the tofu maker and yasai yathe vegetable store where he first purchased his now favorite japanese cabbage , hakusai .
the paraffin was lit as plates filled with meat , vegetables and condiments were placed around the flaming pots .
he first placed the vegetables in the pot closest to him .
she did the same as tsubasa , then they both picked up some flesh with chopsticksa marbled , red - and - white - looking meat that mike and mark recognized as wagyu ( japanese beef ) and placed it quickly in the pots with the vegetables .
leaving no time to overcook the food , tsubasa and kaori began serving the meal , placing vegetables and broiled beef in small bowls that were placed in front of each person at the table .
with almost ravenous intensity , each person picked up some freshly cooked beef and vegetables from the bowl , dipped it in a sauce and then ate it .
over dishes with sliver served vegetables katherines story continued .
behind him the cooker had pans presumably of vegetables ready to boil .
bradley and megan ordered huge omelets and pancakes to be made , and then they went back for more stuff , such as fried potatoes with vegetables and yogurt .
it is not a matter of survival at this point especially when every nutrient you need can be found in the hundreds of vegetables we have .
yeah , run off to your precious cruelty - free vegetables picked by underpaid immigrant workers , kerou mumbled , watching the parade fade into the distance .
as daisy and kayleigh descended the stairs from the roof , they saw peach leaving the kitchen area with a sandwich stacked with the usual meats , spreads , and vegetables along with some unusual toppings .
not partially hydrogenated vegetable oil .
with a slew of bags brimming with the green of fresh vegetables in tow , jina and pepper boarded an elevator on mercury mall 's second sub - level floor to travel back up to the ground floor .
and until you re a parent of six , coming in dead tired from a long day at work , and you have to help all the kids with their homework , and you just do nt feel like broiling some fish and vegetables , then do nt you dare try to tell me what i can feed my kids .
you start preparing the fish , and ill chop the vegetables .
jina paused her slicing of vegetables to do a faux - modest flip of her hair over her shoulder .
that s right , dear brother , we forewent catering , this year , and we also forewent the traditional turkey dinner for juicy and tender steak , soup , lasagna , a seafood salad , a steamed vegetable medley , and homemade garlic bread .
not to insinuate i m not on your side , again , doctor said , but i told you this is what happens when you eat all that meat without flushing it out with an adequate serving of vegetables .
he entered a maze of small wooden stalls strewn with vegetables and fruit , with stacks of live animals in cages and dead creatures hanging above .
brock had been outside when the guards had arrived to lock everybody up and had slipped out of sight into the overgrown vegetable patch .
brock had spent an uncomfortable night trying to sleep amongst the weeds and brambles at the back of the vegetable patch .
they all said the same thing i could come out of it the next day , or , i might be a vegetable for life .
we were in a market ; fresh fruit , vegetables , fish , meat and flowers were all on display .
vines with fruits and vegetables , some recognizable , some not , were scattered pretty much everywhere .
mostly fruits , vegetables and some cultured meat .
the fruits and vegetables were exquisite .
the specialty today was beef stew with six different vegetables and cherry pie .
a few dusty tins were stacked on shelves behind the counter and some fruit and vegetables were available from boxes on the floor .
` ` after all , '' he told his colleagues , ` ` the potato is a superior vegetable , possessing forty - eight chromosomes , whereas human dna has only forty - six . ''
i had a little bit of food left , a can of potatoes , vegetables , some beef jerky , and a half canteen of water .
a great oak table was brought to center court then filled with a bounty of fruit , vegetable , and game .
sometimes , no ; one minute i was tending to my vegetable patch and the next lucas was pulling me through the forest and into the fifth world .
do not be offended at my jest ; i too would like a vegetable patch , a home to call my own .
lucas was looking at some vegetables and fell in behind connor and dylan as they walked past .
they cooked some green vegetables that were called tunsan in the pot .
` ` the realms border each other , and form a roughly circular '' ` ` no , oval '' ` ` or square '' ` ` rectangular actually '' marius flung his plate of steaming hot vegetables at his brother meegle .
meegle got a blazing campfire going , and marius prepared a tasty vegetable soup for them to eat .
they loaded sacks with supplies and dry fruit and vegetables .
chapter fourteen the next morning the adventurers rose early and had a breakfast of tasteless , dried vegetables .
it was making up for days of dried fruit and vegetables .
lunch was a tasty realms fish called tergi with cooked vegetables .
they went for lunch , a spread of delectable salads and vegetable juice .
humans corporation monsanto is now trying to patent the seeds of all vegetables .
she in turn sent him an immediately reply admitting that she was in communication with woodpecker : dear fat pelican , strictly between you and me woodpecker recently started communicating with me in length [ and again to make it more spicy woodpecker added a grain of stupid birds - his style , fantasy : about weather conditions at his location , vegetable and rice grain prices , the numerous chicks he recently seduced , ( following the example of our birds colony male condors ) and the grave sin of eating fish which he openly , without shame , admitted .
the room filled with the aroma of vegetable beef stew and fresh bread .
with a hollow sound , it hit the edge of the curb , hopped a few inches into the air and rolled into the street , under a wooden cart loaded with fresh vegetables .
` ` soba is noodle soup with maybe some vegetables or meat in it .
fried noodles is noodles and vegetables fried with a sauce , called yakasoba .
they 're used to raise vegetables to sell in the city and to the american bases . ''
noodle soup , with pork , onions , and some kind of green vegetables that my cook puts in everything . ''
she actually had some kind of exotic fish from a local store , with rice and three kinds of vegetables . ''
a grocery and general store that sold everything from fresh vegetables , eggs , meat and even ice cream , to beer and coke , was across the street .
brian osullivan chapter one : defence of rth bldhma as ever , when winter showed signs of releasing its grip on the land , bodhmhall was to be found to the north of rth bldhma , overseeing the work being carried out on her lubgort [ vegetable garden ] .
the produce of her garden an annual bounty of herbs , onions , carrots , parsnips and other vegetables was of reliable consistency and quality .
the bubbling of the cauldrons contents , a vegetable based broth flavoured with bones , was audible from the gateway .
wiping the cold patch of skin on her forehead , she turned and strode across to the fire pit where conchenn was seated on a reed mat peeling skin from a pile of wrinkled vegetables heaped in a wicker basket .
a pile of perfectly chopped vegetables lay on the mat in front of her .
for a moment , she stared dumbly at the slender guard then , abruptly , pushed the vegetables aside .
astrid came over and gave her a big motherly hug , showed her where to put her meagre belongings and got her to work on preparing the vegetables for the evening meal .
eventually they reached the edge of the settlement and skirting around a flourishing vegetable garden hakon indicated that sarah should lead them to the building that the children were being held in .
she walked back to the fire and knelt down as he dished up plates of what looked like a thick stew , with rice , vegetables , and meat in a reddish - brown sauce .
the women prepared supper ; some seasoned and cooked the meat , others chopped and boiled vegetables over the fire , some gathered fruit and squeezed them for juice .
demetrius laughed to himself as he prepared fruit , berries , vegetables , and bread .
dell turned and reached for a large bowl and began cutting vegetables as she continued her story .
three settings were large , colorful dishes garnished with fancy grasses and filled with delicately sliced fruits and vegetables .
destiny chopped vegetables at a table , her voice tip - toeing up and down with the words of her song .
she is one quick learner , tahir , meelix said , showing destiny how the sprites cut their vegetables diagonally to look more attractive .
when its hot and dry ; cool , juicy fruit and vegetables are preferable , he explained between bites .
i m going to order the strip steak with vegetable medley and a baked potato .
its a very small house , you know , and only sits on a very small piece of land , only enough for a few vegetables and a fruit tree or two .
weeds need to be pulled and vegetables need to be gathered .
can i pick the vegetables instead ?
this is what makes our vegetables grow .
alright , you can collect the vegetables now .
collect the vegetables and then you re done , william instructed .
just the idea of almost being done with her punishment was enough to give her the needed encouragement to gather what ripe vegetables she could find .
she loaded the basket and took the vegetables into the house and dumped them in the sink and then went outside to fill the basket again .
when she dumped the last of the vegetables in the sink , her mother thanked her and told her what a wonderful job shed done .
vegetables in the garden , flowers in the window boxes , and the neighbors cat on their front porch .
the soup was bland , but there were a few vegetables at the bottom of the broth .
she ate the meat , vegetables and bread , and realized she was full .
homer went into the general store and had the clerk help him bring out wooden crates , barrels and sacks of flour , beans , dried fruit and vegetables , slabs of smoked bacon packed in bran , jerky , coffee , sugar and lard .
carefully , brad kept the newly painted garden shed between himself and the rows of vegetables .
` ` bitch , '' he said aloud and started across the vegetable patch kicking at the rows of dried up string bean bushes as he went .
for a vegetable , there were canned peas which brad could see were bigger than double ought buckshot and were sure to be almost as hard .
zofia , an old woman , was over 80 years old and almost a vegetable .
there were no fruits or vegetables .
-we have to wait until the base grows a little and in the meantime , we can cut vegetables .
mia started to move to the rhythm while cutting vegetables .
they found a reliable man who taught them how to hunt for game , and how to scavenge for fruits and vegetables .
finding vegetables turned out to be easy .
although it had nt been tended in ages , the vegetables and herbs raised there continued to grow .
he took the other basin to the garden and filled it with vegetables and herbs .
he cut up the vegetables and dumped them into the pot .
opening the corral gate she stopped in front of a white stallion , offering him one of the vegetables she had brought .
we do nt get enough of the things we need , like fresh vegetables and vitamins .
by th way , j whispered , zucchini is a vegetable .
mrs . yan had created an excellent meal of fresh seafood and exotic gatherings from the best of mombasas vegetable markets .
the last poor bastard that caught the captains ire is a vegetable in a pretoria hospital , drinking his kippers through a straw .
the aisles were crowded with locals and tourists wandering among the many tables of brightly colored vegetables and tray after tray of gleaming fresh fish .
succulent fruits and vegetables from all over the islands made a colorful display on the tables .
cass removes a small box from the top of mrs . guvenossies bag and sees two loaves of fresh baked bread , a cherry pie , a folded cardboard container of warm stew , and seven jars of preserved fruits and vegetables .
gradually away from the hustle and bustle of the city , into the eye shadow was full of boundless , green vegetable , small but exquisite villages , and the burning soil of smoke rising .
church provide quality seeds to grow high quality vegetables , also give us tractors , imported fertilizers .
the vegetable garden was overgrown and looked more like a jungle , but a variety of vegetables could still be identified , making the best of it .
his mother had her own greenhouse where she nurtured vegetables to feed her small family , plus allow her love of biota studies to be explored .
as they walked , sapharu saw people unloading fish , fruits , vegetables , and then loading devices of all kinds he did nt recognize from docked ships .
he noticed the same thing with the fruits and vegetables .
he left the steaming meat and vegetables on the bed .
i was the vegetable of onsolaises .
it was nt big structurally but the whole fenced property was a spacious lot filled with trees and a garden on vegetables .
scanning the brochure , she said , they mostly raised potatoes , but some other vegetables as well .
water was boiling in preparation of a pasta salad , vegetables were scattered about the counter in various states of chopped , and vanilla batter was ready to be poured into a cake pan .
sharon resumed cutting her vegetables .
sharon went back to her vegetables as julie trudged up the stairs .
` ` twelve years ago , dad was doing research on genetic engineering of plants , mainly crops and vegetables .
apparently he had an affinity for fruits and vegetables .
as she walked next to the tent , she heard the ladies talking , along with the sound of boiling vegetables and meat .
others held breath ; only the chopping sound of vegetables filled the air .
well , we prepared some dishes that go along with the drink , said them , offering the various unknown vegetable dishes they ve made .
it seemed that even his bones ached for the warmth and brightness of summer , for fresh meat fed on young grass , for the crisp taste of new vegetables and fruits .
cosh had really grown to hate rhubarb , but ate it stoically to give a good example to the younger people , who were even less charitable toward the lowly vegetable .
some grain , some vegetables and a few berries .
yaya was cooking some vegetable soup into which went odds and ends that people had collected and given to her throughout the day .
dawn came over to him and gave him some food served in the fold of a broad leaf ... lightly cooked vegetables , tender young carrots and some white roots covered by a rich meat sauce .
chaiko nodded encouragingly as his eyes explored the clear concentration of various grains ; rye and oats he recognized , then roots and some vegetables besides .
chaiko did not suffer from a lack of imagination , but still it took him some time to translate this small patch of a garden into larger fields of grains and vegetables , capable of feeding perhaps even the entire clan .
attention drawn to the opening of the door , ceryn spied him and gave a nod as the warden continued slicing vegetables .
finishing with the preparations , he dropped the sliced vegetables into the stew pot .
the stew had a thick gravy and contained many different vegetables , some unfamiliar , with a little bit of meat .
its coming now , mary said as she emerged carrying a platter loaded with roasted chicken and vegetables .
baked chicken , some vegetables , and bread ; simple as corbin had said , but very good and filling .
james even caught cyanna magnanimously sharing a few of her vegetables as well .
encircling the goose was an assortment of varying vegetables , all well - cooked and soft to the touch .
it was larger than the previous with two whole chickens , a big platter of vegetables , and three loaves of bread , james did nt think they would finish it all , but miko proved him wrong .
he sat not far from her as he sharpened his sword while she sliced vegetables for the stew pot .
beside him , storm - shadow loudly crunched on a huge carrot with a plate filled with crisp vegetables and juicy fruits .
one week , a crate of radioactive seeds floated into the lagoon and she grew some huge vegetables .
but when they ate the vegetables , they started growing teeth in their ears or something .
large bowls of sliced fruit and vegetables of all kinds lay beneath catching the cold melt water from the dripping wings .
most of the vegetables had been picked fresh from the fields around them , grown especially for the occasion .
he was presented with various food options , and he chose the shepherds pie with vegetables .
on a rustic weathered grey fence surrounding a small vegetable garden was , what appeared to be , a weeks washing of clothes .
my mum ended up cooking the vegetables , roasting the potatoes and putting together some sort of turkey replacement using frozen chicken pieces .
then at the top of the fridge the final shelf was covered in carrots and tomatoes and vegetables i did nt have time to identify because they were just green .
moms family moved to gastonia , n.c . shortly after that and doc labored in the fields planting and harvesting vegetables and cotton on his small farm .
spiffy replaced the chewing gum with two garlic cloves , and his gnawing released the aroma of the vegetable into the cab .
people were everywhere because on saturdays there were always open - air markets with fresh vegetables and fruits .
he finally found one that sold fruits and fresh vegetables and an assortment of dried peppers and jerky .
they bought a few bags of fruits and vegetables and even a few sticks of fresh jerky .
doc helped her in the kitchen , preparing beans on the stove , while rego cut up vegetables on the counter .
as he cut up the vegetables , he asked doc , is there a place that has telephones that i may call my grandmother in brasilia ?
fresh seafood and vegetables and the finest wines and liquors were being prepared .
they were planting small shrubs and vegetables and a few flowering plants that did nt need much sun to grow .
vegetables , bread , fish , and even fruit her sense of smell informed her that all of those things were only a few steps out of her reach .
chaiko and ushi indeed found chandar much improved ; certainly his eyes were clear as he rested his head on taras lap while she obligingly fed him from a bowl of tender meat broth and cooked vegetables .
food and water were brought at meal times in generous proportions : meat , roots , vegetables , nuts and fruit , just like clan food .
dawn did not recognise the plant but wanted it for her garden ; perhaps she could use the leaves to add to her mix of vegetables .
this was more for his comfort and reassurance than anything else , for her milk was by now just a trickle , necessitating other foods as well , such as soft vegetables and boiled pieces of meat .
they took great delight in introducing hapless newcomers to this spicy vegetable and then seeing what reactions they could elicit .
two stuffed storks were the main meal with plenty of vegetables besides .
eating rice and noodles every day is definitely not his idea of a good living , especially when he was raised off of steak and steamed vegetables .
do you not like vegetables ?
dto asks , finding the steamed vegetables quite good .
jera blushed and concentrated on her vegetables .
plus roasted vegetables because , you know , health .
she shrugged , concentrated on the vegetables she was slicing .
you should think about changing your diet to more fruits and vegetables , ohoney , smiles .
also you need to eat a balanced diet of meats , fruits and vegetables .
one vegetable vendor splashed murky water from a bucket right in front of them .
we are a farm of 3,000 acres of crops that stretch as far as the eye could see in all geographical directions surrounded by with beautiful productive white cotton plants , a grove of orange which are sour by mouth but yummy in salads , an peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables in front of the dogtrot plantation since we farm every part of the soil to benefit the school and the students ... sterling studies the windows of eight foot tall by four feet wide wearing an array of gracefully falling different type of colors and textures drape curtain fabrics that puddles like a pool of colored water onto the wooden flooring .
the dogtrot grounds are both elegant with beautiful arrays of flowers from azaleas to roses and eaten with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts in the red clay soil .
the main course is filled with a combination of foods consisting of a meat , starch , vegetable and garnish .
main course is filled with a combination of foods consisting of a roast , starch , vegetables and garnish .
there re three main dishes in the south : meats , vegetables , and breads .
there was a glass top table that had fried rice , white rice , vegetable stir fry , and beef tempura being served .
i gots lots of pretty vegetables this year .
spinach and leafy vegetables make them green shit turds .
you might drink a milkshake and think it tastes like chocolate but , in fact , its made up of vegetables .
it was an old building , which had been utilized for stacking vegetables and as granary for rice , corn , beans , lentils , and other seeds that the farmers would then send across the country .
the children were given food : rice , eggs , and sambar vegetable curry .
greg was standing at a little barbecue grill and frying sausages and vegetables skewered on kabobs .
he dropped me off at gregs and i spent the rest of the day helping dee and ophie take up some vegetables they had planted in a small garden on the side of the house .
food was passed around , dried and smoked meats with some fresh vegetables that they gathered during the last stretch .
is it true that you people eat only vegetables ... ?
we could look for some rhubarb , tanya said , recalling a time in the hills when they were forced to eat that bitter vegetable for they had not much else to put into their stomachs .
no dessert until you eat your vegetables , and no rebirth until you eat your fruit .
walter came in from the kitchen , carrying a platter of meat , a bowl of vegetables and a few plates balanced on his arms like a waiter .
it overlooked the market area to the outskirts , near the low wages section , where most of the poor people of the city bought spoiled fruit and rotten vegetables .
go grab the vegetables , both of you , marissa said .
she had to put more water into the pot , get some fire woodthey were running lowand chop up some vegetables .
there were nt many vegetables left .
they needed spices ; salt , pepper , something to hide the lack of flavor in the low quality vegetables .
the crowd yelled and threw rotten vegetables at him and his fellows .
i respectfully greeted two elderly ladies , who gave me curious looks in the supermarket 's fruit and vegetable section .
growing flowers or vegetables was a mission in itself .
rita had invited me to a last chicken and vegetable dinner on the veranda .
we fetched flour or a tin of tomatoes or washed vegetables , allowing mom to have a quiet chat with her father .
rows of large maize silos , the mountains , endless vegetable fields and mining towns flitted past .
eventually , we threw doll and pouch into the big rubbish bin outside , where they made the acquaintance of rotting vegetable peelings , stale pizza and soggy teabags .
a waiter arrived with their main course of lobster , roasted mediterranean vegetables and fresh salad .
the almost vegetable went on to be an artist and an author .
andrea bocelli sang in the background and a delicious meal of giant prawns , empress rice , fried calamari and grilled vegetables beckoned .
elodies laugh was drowned by a sudden sizzle from the wok as she shook a bottle of soya sauce over the vegetables .
there was an ancient plough and some kind of machine that could have served for chopping straw or maybe slicing root vegetables , he was nt sure but there was nothing that could be of any conceivable use to him , he thought , until in the far corner , leaning against a dusty crate of empty bottles , paul spotted a pair of wellies .
he and dex both received identically - prepared plates of an aromatic mix of meats and vegetables .
they slid the succulent meats onto the plates of hungry renegades while others ran with large bowls full of all sorts of vegetables , fruits and assorted sweets .
falcon said , as he slapped various meats and grilled vegetables onto three plates , passing them out to gisbo and rolce , keeping one for himself .
gisbo and rolce were nt disappointed as they continued to scarf down the delicious meats and vegetables before them .
rolce and gisbo both sighed and went about getting the table ready and then began slicing vegetables .
martha grinned as well as she went about preparing the vegetables .
gisbo , go steam those vegetables and rolce , set this table , i got grilling to do !
by the looks of it , she was making a pot of vegetable soup .
i was chopping up some vegetables , but i dropped my knife .
delicious tasting fruits and vegetables momentarily distract me .
wine , a juicy steak , some sauted vegetables , and small talk with the waitress- all a projection of my mind .
in the kitchen , another flashback- cooking some freshly picked vegetables with my mother .
there are about twenty large bags of dried fruit , vegetables , and peanuts on storage shelves .
after eating fresh fruits and vegetables , i decide to get out of the compound soon before more of flashbacks return .
i fill the pot with snow and bring it to a boil , adding dried vegetables .
there were about hundred buddhist lepcha families in the village , most of whom were peasants and they used to grow all sorts of vegetables , cabbages , cauliflowers , beans , beets , gourds , cucumbers , peas , radishes , red potatoes , carrots etc .
the lush green of the vegetable fields , adorning the lower slopes of the hills and the spaces between the huts , were enchanting in the past , doma said with nostalgic recollections .
it too looked like a cauldron surrounded by hills covered with tall pines but unlike the barren lepcha village the place was lush with green vegetables .
the shopkeeper replied that at times lepcha and limbu people visited the village to buy vegetables but no bhutia had ever visited the village .
william , liz , and billy carried all the fruits , vegetables , spices , milk , and medicine that they could carry .
they brought tons of food that wo nt spoil quickly -- dry beans , sugar , wheat , pasta , rice , legumes , dried fruit , and raisons -- but they need perishables like fruit and vegetables that only siberians can get safely .
posing as a logistical officer , he paid cash for fruits , vegetables , milk , bread , and beef jerky to be delivered on specific dates at farms he rented just outside of his targets .
after breakfast , william flew with his best mongol speakers to the capital , where they bought fresh fruit , vegetables , bread , milk , spices , and medicine .
but that summer we had a superb crop of vegetables .
when he heard about the mill , he saw it as a chance to work with his hands , and he hoped i would let him start an organic garden and grow vegetables , in return for his contribution .
the table was the usual jumble of jam jars , ash trays , breadcrumbs and small plastic animals which little sheena was lining up on her plate of half - eaten vegetable moussaka .
they ate a meal of roasted fowl and vegetables washed down with a finer ale than jain had ever tasted .
turnips , carrots , peas , and all sorts of other vegetables grew in orderly rows behind the cottage .
the only weeds were tiny sprouts amid the thriving vegetables , but jain pulled them anyway .
bread , and vegetables , and a bit of meat all mixed up together .
as much as a wreck as i am over here , over there i m practically a vegetable on the other side .
the oldest boys and girls , in preparation for the big fight , had procured sixteen crates of rotting fruit and vegetables from vendors last night after the marketplace had closed .
you might not want to consider spending the last few years of your life alone , but as for me , i have more time than you do , she said , going through the workspace , nodding her blonde head at the six other women and men chopping vegetables , stirring soup , roasting meat , and baking bread for the nights event , one of the most celebrated in town during the year .
it seemed that every vegetable under the sun was being grown there .
another plate of fresh fruit and vegetables was hastily set in place of the meat .
the table was piled with food ; fruits and vegetables were perfectly balanced by arrangement of size , shape and color .
they do , but they also eat fruit , vegetables , and other vegetation .
ivy twining onto the wooden beams dripped water onto the table , into drinking glasses and plates of artfully piled shreds of vegetables in several colors .
after chicken was seasoned and set to bake , they pulled some hearty vegetables from the garden to accompany it .
money you can put to use buying new clothes , fresh fruit and vegetables , and a mirror so you can see yourself practicing your new powerful , deadly glares .
there was a garden around it , a vegetable patch , herbs growing by the doors , and a sweet little patio .
chapter 52 piled high with the finest assortment of fresh garden vegetables , the pizza was a mouth - watering sight .
call any vegetable idleness is a bad thing .
according to reports , a giant vegetable was amok after a hydroponic caddy belonging to japan 's nat - king coleslaw company fell into the ship channel where it absorbed sundry pollutants and morphed into a semi - sentient killer kabbage .
things settled down and lee king filled j in on the nat - king coleslaw company 's hydroponic experiments for growing vegetables .
make intelligent vegetable .
now big dumb vegetable .
back at the stw office , gordon paul , jon raas , and the wrestlers looked on as the super song machine waded toward the vicious vegetable .
the vegetable made a clumsy swing .
the machine ducked behind , locked its arms around the vegetable 's mid - section and lifted it overhead in a german suplex .
the robot hoisted the vegetable over his shoulder , applied an inverted headlock ` ` then th ' beast wuz caught ... '' and dropped to a sitting position , ramming the cabbage 's leafy head into the ship channel 's silty bottom .
j spent several days pondering whether he 'd broken any commandments by destroying a somewhat - sentient vegetable , finding solace only in prayer and the rosary .
he grabbed a clipboard off the wall and headed into the walk - in refrigerator to pull out prepped dough and tubs of vegetables .
i do nt remember what we were watching , the news maybe , chris began , but it was a couple years back , when that lady went into a coma and her husband said she told him that she never wanted to live as a vegetable , but her family would nt let her go .
waiting for him at the doorstep was a basket filled with fruits , vegetables and a few cuts of meat .
some fruits and vegetables fell out and spilled onto the floor .
he had packed some smoked meat along with some vegetables he got from mcgrady and went to work making a stew .
mcgrady had provided grimey with plenty of aromatics , dried meat and vegetables perfect for travel .
but rayne is standing over her , piling different colored sea vegetables on serena 's plate .
sea vegetables spend their entire lives luxuriating in the worlds largest , oldest , most complete mineral bath .
so he hauled himself into it and covered himself with the stench of rotting meat , vegetables , fruit , fish and god knows what else .
at the end was a farmers market selling meats , vegetables and dairy produce .
i have no money , i have no possessions and i only eat rotten vegetables whenever i can scavenge them .
a vegetable .
he ventured to the buffet where the bones of the boar lay in juice and a few leftover vegetables .
they stood in well - spaced rows , the generous garden behind each revealing a bounty of nascent vegetables .
on a few of the porches , women sat sewing , trimming vegetables , or tending to young children .
in front of the house , encompassing the entire center of the clearing , was a small field of vegetables with green stalks just beginning to bear their fruit .
the pantry and vegetable cellar were barren .
he carried a pack that jer had given them crammed full of as many things as teth could fit into it , including a new water bag , vegetables , a small pan that seri had been able to spare , and a few other essentials .
flowers and vegetables grew side by side separated by sunlight needs and the whole area was filled with butterflies .
they meandered through the garden and picked a variety of ripe vegetables .
the houses were spaced just far enough apart to allow room for vegetable gardens in between each one , food gardened by the dead and meant only for the dead to eat .
our vegetables here are a bit different than you re used to .
cynthia got some type of vegetable soup .
it has some pheasant and vegetables in it so it should be more filling than the broth you ve been swallowing .
it had on it a healthy serving of stew thick with meat and vegetables .
as always , it was stocked with pots , pans , ladles and various types of fruits and vegetables .
she pointed to a heap of the dirt - covered vegetables on the oak countertop .
you still sound scared , unni said , chopping the vegetables for the stew .
their grain and vegetable storage had run out about a month ago .
they crossed endless stone bridges congested with donkey carts laden to overflowing with vegetables and freshly butchered meat and shouting , angry people , their eyes dark slits of suspicion as andres greetings went unanswered .
other kids hate to eat green vegetables .
a bowl sat in front of her , filled with rice , chicken , and eight delectable vegetables in a brown sauce .
` ` shrimp and chicken , with vegetables , in a spicy sauce . ''
and steamed vegetables ?
i do n't think you ' ve ever had steamed vegetables in all the time we ' ve been ordering from hunan delight . ''
` ` and i happen to enjoy steamed vegetables , '' i said .
jules and maddy both looked at my vegetables suspiciously , but i was truly pleased by the bright green of the pea pods , the soft yellow of the baby corn .
i dropped the cookie onto my unfinished plate of vegetables , taking the time to roll the fortune into a tiny scroll .
steamed vegetables from hunan delight .
jules answered before i could clear my mouth of chicken and vegetables .
celeste came up from below with their dinner of fresh grouper with a side of rice and mixed vegetables alonzo had left for them .
jake had nt had vegetables in quite a while and devoured them quickly along with the rice .
celeste brought up the plates of seafood pasta with mixed vegetables .
then we put the vegetables in .
they had candlelight dinners with fresh vegetables from the garden .
supplies were not exactly a problem for someone who could reap a bountiful harvest of fruits and vegetables inside the castles walls on every dining occasion .
hello , esmeralda , i ve brought you a basket of fruits and vegetables .
almost everywhere they looked grains were grown , vegetable fields tended and fruit - trees pruned .
they were experts in every form of plant , fruit , vegetable , grain , weed and seed .
he d been visiting lawlessness , ascertaining their needs for vegetables and grain .
before long a barmaid appeared with steaming plates of mutton and vegetables .
we canned or froze the fruit and vegetables for winter .
she gingerly tasted the tender meat and vegetables ; they melted on her tongue .
cora turned and headed to the stove adding , i made some vegetable soup .
cora gasped and giggled like a school girl answering , chicken vegetable soup ; it wo nt kill you to eat a few vegetables young man .
cora gasped and giggled like a school girl answering , chicken vegetable soup ; it wo nt kill you to eat a few vegetables young man .
ken found a good timing and asked , do you only eat vegetables ?
we live on vegetables , fruits , and flowers , and most importantly , mitchy reached for her glass , pure water .
the passage was narrow , situated between two tall stone buildings , and was littered with fragments of broken barrels and rotted vegetables .
as i returned home images of the helmet were struck from my mind , as were thoughts of being a living vegetable for the rest of my life .
but having her turned into a human vegetable was just not an option .
benny and i had both already strayed from the law and it did not seem impossible that she would have us spending the rest of our lives as vegetables .
instead , three or four large pots of boiling neeps and other vegetables sit on the fire from dawn to dusk .
in the center of the room are large tables for chopping vegetables .
while kurrot had significant farms for vegetables on the blood plains , its largest farming community were the shepherds of the plains .
he glanced about for danger , then began to check it out in search of berry bushes , mushrooms , roots , or any other vegetables and fruits that he could dry and store -- he 'd noticed there were scents of winter famine in the air .
the activist ( or , self - appointed collective conscience ) one day as wynnet was walking to the fruit and vegetable warehouse to pick up his weekly staples he tripped over a hole in the road which had nt been there for fifty years .
the new tibetans could exercise , pick vegetables , hold a videophone conference , and go off to meditateall within the same compound .
your thesis of eating local ancient vegetables is totally without reason , and 45 % lunatic .
the dwarve was splattered with bits of rotten vegetables from the tiers of peasants high up above .
the coach joined the traffic on that road , passing by the little grocer where fortino went twice a week to purchase fruits and vegetables , and other local shops that amira had come to know .
there was a huge steaming pot of tiny white grains , and several large bowls of various meats and vegetables arranged around it .
the practice seemed to be to heap the grains , which stuck together in a mass , onto ones plate , and then pile meat and vegetables on top .
her world had shrunk to an endless series of pitch - black sewer tunnels , permeated by the smell of decaying vegetables , rancid grease , and worst of all human waste .
amira sighed and focused on the vegetables .
i 'll spring for any pizza that does n't have vegetables .
there was grain to store , butter to churn and vegetables to be pulled from the earth .
the boy collected up a few more vegetables and placed them in the basket at his feet .
jeremiah straightened and hoisted up the basket of vegetables .
another day , another vegetable .
or could they just conjure up their vegetables and their milk and their bread .
these were filled with different foods including dried fish and vegetables as well as an assortment of dried fruit and nuts .
she was holding a small plate of vegetables that she sat down for a moment and looked him in the eyes .
then , as if to break the awkwardness of the moment , the man turned and looked around at all the fruit and vegetables .
eventually it begins to destroy tissue in other parts of the body including muscle and other major organs ; basically , creating a walking vegetable .
or you can sit here in your little pity party and let whatever life you could have pass you bybe a vegetable of sorriness , feeling bad for yourself , curl up in a little ball and waste away , waiting for momma to come find you and hoping those people you did nt even see die will somehow vanish from your conscience .
you ve been watching these vegetables all day .
` ` oh , just some vegetables and ox - meat for my graduation tomorrow . ''
the market was split into three main groups : corn , vegetables and meat .
marie started walking toward the green tents , the ones that sold vegetables , an in tow .
they entered the living room where they saw a baked chicken , complimented with sauce and vegetables , sitting in the middle of the table .
he watched the others dance and sing before the large fire and around the many tables that were filled to overflowing with hunted game and root vegetables , which lined the area .
a clear wine was poured that was rather sweet , as they sat on the blanket around platters of dainty sandwiches , fruit and vegetables .
all of them were more practical than the golden leaves : a wooden knife that was as sharp as iron and never dulled , a bag of seeds that grew into blossoms that looked like giant bluebells , an orange vegetable shaped like a crescent moon that tasted of anise and cucumber .
then she filled the mismatched bowls to the brim with thick vegetable stew and set out a loaf of fluffy grain bread , buttering two ragged slices with a small wooden knife and handing him one of them .
then there were only fields upon fields of wheat and corn and vegetables with farmhouses dotted around them .
his eyes scanned the wood while he watered the thriving vegetable plot .
he could almost see her sitting at the warped kitchen table , cutting vegetables for soup with a sharp knife , her grizzled brown hair falling out of its bun as she did so .
they d all been waiting patiently in the square for nearly an hour as various parts of the procession went by : gypsy dancers , childrens choirs , carts of early fruits and vegetables that were handed out to needy people in the crowd , and finally the queens hollow orchestra , which had just favored them with a selection of popular tunes as they marched by .
she told the king the only reason she came to the feast was to help her papa deliver his large order of vegetables .
he skewered the bodies of rotten flesh , collecting them on his sword like vegetables on a roasting stick .
he helped load every last crate of the vegetables into the carriage .
merchants were lined up and down along the streets selling a wide variety of goods : cured meats , fish , vegetables , potions , trinkets , toys , rare weaponry , garments , magically imbued items , animals , and sometimes even slaves .
the meat was tender , the vegetables crisp , and the seasonings on both just right .
there was some sort of meat and some vegetables , or fruits , but i was nt really sure .
i could see may different types of vegetables in it , as well as many kinds of spices floating on the top .
it was like a foreign vegetable stew .
there was already a plate of fruits , vegetables and nuts along with a mug of water there for me .
it seemed like the fruits and vegetables were picked fresh this morning .
the three of them ate a meal of roasted mutton and root vegetables and drank mead and ale and talked through the night .
at this time of morning , most customers coming to market were there to buy their fresh fruit and vegetables , or to visit the butcher with their meat order for the week , so she was not surprised when her display received no more than a few cursory glances .
he searched through the knot of servants working in the garden , mud splattering their clothes as they picked the vegetables needed for tonights meal .
stopping at the next stall he came to , he bought a few vegetables and hurried back home .
they d managed through the winter with only a fire at night to keep them warm , while sanrev hunted and picked the wild vegetables from the overgrown garden in back to keep them fed .
but they were considerate and helped me get fruits , vegetables and nuts from time to time .
and those wasps , one sting resets your entire brain and you become like a baby , you can not talk , you can not walk , and you can not think ... you become pretty much a vegetable . '
he was pretty much a vegetable , nearly brain dead .
baked plum pies , meat pies , nut pies , fire - roasted vegetables , cured meats , huge hunks of pungent cheese , and honey - soaked fruits were laid out before them when they walked under the huge carved doors into the hall .
a few rabbits were seen gardening vegetables while little squirrels were playing on sea saws .
small fences enclosed gardens full of vegetables and herbs .
but alluring scents still wafted through the air : roasting meats , boiling vegetables , or just spices and perfumes even nestor had never smelled before .
at a fresh food stall she spied a familiar pale yellow vegetable buried under a pile of turnips .
she had nt eaten the spicy vegetable for months , and it was a rare find .
drapes covered the crude walls , and tall vases filled with flowers were dotted around the room , platters of meat and vegetables covering the tables that were carried into the space .
the sun was falling , and when they got back to the workshop , they roasted the arrowfish over the fire and ate them with the rice and vegetables which were brought from the kitchens .
she dropped her basket of vegetables and went to look , laughing out loud to see the delight on the dragons face as well as edreds .
in the yard was a thriving vegetable garden .
he is content looking after the horses , goats and running the vegetable gardens .
it was thick broth with chunky pieces of meat and vegetables .
those kids being the fruits and vegetables these days , fredrick went on with mock disappointment , i just do nt believe it .
hunched under a variety of wide brimmed hats , they hand - pulled carts filled with vegetables , fruits , tapestries and decorative art to trade at the festival .
however , fredrick was more interested in growing vegetables than being in trees all the time .
i sat in the empty seat next to manco and gazed at a feast of vegetables and meats that nearly made me drool with anticipation .
after dropping a pan , some utensils , and spilling vegetable oil all over the kitchen counter , melony came to the rescue .
the sages stared out at this vegetable lexis , this ponderous , eloquent xylogenesis ; they looked at the letters arrayed on the breeze and scratched their heads , for not one could read .
they had sharp teeth for tearing flesh but only ate vegetables .
if there were some vegetables to cut , or something her mothers face softened .
plenty of big meat chunks , and the vegetables cooked just right , not all mush like some people make .
we think alike , baron , brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice said , with a sneer of his shallots .
do nt get too close , they may catch sight of us , brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice hissed at his servant , who was kneeling by the bank holding him aloft * .
i expect lieutenant shami kebab and his meat and vegetable samosas to join with us on this side of the river within the hour .
nonsense , lieutenant , brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice said , splashing his carrots .
they are a mixture of shaolin crispy won tons , ninja vegetable spring rolls and , most worryingly of all , a platoon of samurai deep fried crabs claws .
asked brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice .
they ll be closely followed by lieutenant shami kebab and his meat and vegetable samosas .
i m assured that the ninja vegetable spring rolls will make mopping them up a priority .
a ninja vegetable spring roll flung itself straight for archies wife , before aiden caught it in the air and crushed it with his hand , its carrots and mushrooms splattering on the floor .
then the meat and vegetable samosas arrived , bouncing through the room at great speed .
vindy cried , as he sent a meat and vegetable samosa packing with a well - aimed piece of boiling beef .
crushers huge trotters crushed crispy wantons and meat and vegetable samosas indiscriminately , as smids axe sliced through chapattis and naans .
he cried , as meat and vegetable samosas fled his rage .
no , that s far too dangerous to try indoors , olaf screamed , as he sliced through a flying ninja vegetable spring roll .
on all three sides they were completely surrounded , and brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice laughed like only a mad , despotic curry can .
er , actually can i make a suggestion , vindy said , just as the combined might of wild chinese hors d oeuvres , meat and vegetable samosas , garlic and butter chapattis and peshwari naans were about to start their charge .
tandoori naans are not known for their mercy in battle conditions and in only a few short minutes there was nt a shaolin crispy wanton that was nt shredded , a peshwari naan that was nt ripped , a meat and vegetable samosa that was nt squashed , a samurai deep fried crabs claw that was nt crushed , a garlic and a butter chapatti that was nt splattered , or a ninja vegetable spring roll that was nt in pieces .
tandoori naans are not known for their mercy in battle conditions and in only a few short minutes there was nt a shaolin crispy wanton that was nt shredded , a peshwari naan that was nt ripped , a meat and vegetable samosa that was nt squashed , a samurai deep fried crabs claw that was nt crushed , a garlic and a butter chapatti that was nt splattered , or a ninja vegetable spring roll that was nt in pieces .
eventually , brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice found himself completely isolated , apart from his servant .
shouted saffy , as the servant emptied the contents onto brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rice .
once the smoke had cleared , brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rices plate was empty , although in need of a good wash as was his servant .
aiden said to archie , as he and some volunteers packed a large bin with the remains of brother vegetable jalfrezi - basmathi rices forces .
they started to pelt us with vegetables as soon as we started playing .
our hosts shared with us an abundance of fresh fruit , vegetables and dried meats with crusty bread .
when rene returned to see how i fared , we had an enjoyable lunch of fresh fruit and vegetables .
after dr . wells left , meredith called room service and ordered some broth , opting for chicken over vegetable .
why do nt you try some spicy rice with curried chicken- and jalapenos with vegetables !
no wonder barclays did nt eat his vegetables !
fruit and vegetables , paul said , and dreamer laughed again .
did you cook vegetables , matthew ?
i did nt want the vegetables , but she made me eat them anyway , saying you ll feel even more satisfied if your stomach has its full share .
they ambled on down the aisles until they reached the produce section and helen began perusing the various vegetables .
she may be a vegetable , helens eyes shone with sympathy .
as they exited the gate , a farmer hawked vegetables to passersby .
however , despite the gloom of their lives , miners held farmers in extreme contempt , calling them names like rose trimmers or chicken fondlers , which implied at the same time that their work was nt manly enough and that they lay with their animals , which accounted for their womens legendary promiscuity and the shamefully few children they bore though of course , even when she was a little girl , it was obvious to yenka that miners bred like rabbits because so many of their offspring were killed , and that life amidst meek beasts , fragrant flowers and an abundancy of good food ( since farmers kept their prime eggs , meat and produce for the castle , leaving the wives and daughters of miners to root through carts of half - rotten vegetables and barely edible meat ) would exceed her best and most tantalizing dreams .
this often made him feel lonely , and squatting near the edge of their island he d make short - lived dreams of his own , in which he joined his ghostly mates in worlds of bright green fields and sunshine , amongst colourful birds and trees laden with apples red like rubies , and then they d all sit around a great big table and eat , oh dear gods , food , endless in abundance and variety instead of which he had to make do , like every other child of ienar lin , with the wilted , bland vegetables that his mother grew in their garden and with the occasional of stale bread and petrified cheese peddled by the boatmen , and which tasted more punishment than nourishment .
in their centre , however , the people had laid out with surprising speed , since the visitors journey had nt been a very long one everything needed for a proper feast : an great wooden table made up of smaller ones , with five high - backed chairs facing and surrounded by stools fashioned from stumps , and laden with loaves of bread , heads of cheese , bowls of fruit and vegetables and jugs filled with milk , wine and a hot drink made with honey , cinnamon and clove , whose smell hovered invitingly about .
` ` so how 'd chops and vegetables turn into sandwiches ? ''
around one stone house , nova saw many colourful trees with fruits and vegetables covering the ground .
among other things , the commander saw the people around him turning into fruits and vegetables .
she had various items of bread , fruit and vegetables in her packs , which she shared out with some glee , though silus took the offer with suspicion , after seeing the others munching away with no ill effects , he also gingerly tasted her offerings .
while you are my riine , you will not eat meat , poultry or fish , you will eat only fruit , vegetables , bread and dairy products .
plates were brought back and forth with fruit , bread , meats and vegetables on them .
at the feast , remember what i said , you are not to partake of any meats , only fruit , vegetables , bread and dairy , and you shall only drink one ale .
as he spoke he reached over to fill his plate with some bread , fruit , vegetables and cheese .
well , its not really ... its the best i can do with the scraps of meat and poor vegetables we have .
kota put the green vegetables in the sink and started washing them .
it was nt until they had put out all of the food that erin realized it was all fruits and vegetables and cheeses , all variously cooked or raw , without a single piece of meat in sight .
but , sir he was interrupted by the sound of a cart pulling up in front of the inn , most it loaded down with crates of fruits and vegetables , although someone had left a space at the very back .
charlie shrugged , doing something complicated with vegetables in a pan .
she sat at the dinner table sewing a patch on one of jame 's school pants and was keeping half an eye on the chicken and vegetable stew cooking on the stove .
if you eat your vegetables , go to bed when mum says , and wish your brother jack the best of luck , then and only then will i choose his successor .
a young elf maid pressed large bowls of rice and vegetables into their hands and all but forced them to sit down and eat while she found the mistress of the house .
a small , bright purple creature with an unbelievably long nose passed them pushing a small hand cart loaded with odd looking vegetables of some kind , the smell rich and sharp in jared 's nostrils .
a portion of your best stew and vegetables and one of your delicious puddings please miss penny , makeo said keeping his forced smile plastered to his face .
the she put an assortment of vegetables in the slot next to it and finally a sweet dish next to that in the remaining compartment .
he devoured the stew and bread and then started on the vegetables , the like of which he d never seen before .
when he d finished the vegetables he noisily sloshed down several gulps of water from the cup that makeo had filled for him .
she sorted the food into bundles and gave each bundle a leg or two of roasted meat , some ham and hard boiled eggs plus a generous portion of green vegetables .
this tane so far looked fruitful ; nothing had ravaged anyones future harvest yet and the fruits and vegetables were growing well .
there were goods of all kinds on sale as always ; fruit and vegetables , craft stalls , clothes stalls , bakery and dairy , strange little trinkets and mock magical stalls .
wandering round the trinkets she finally stopped at the fruit and vegetable stall near the edge of the crowds .
wisco a vegetable stew , often spiced .
he made his way home to find mother starting to cook lunch and father cleaning the vegetables .
they worked the lands tirelessly , and were known to produce some of the most succulent and mouth - watering fruits and vegetables within the realm .
tatiana was so hungry she could have devoured the entire pot of vegetable soup , and the two sticks of bread alongside it .
mostly , though , i would watch my mother do women 's things : soaking maize kernals in limewater and grinding them into flour for tortillas and bread , weaving strings into clothing , making vegetables and meat my father brought home into food , keeping the hearth fire burning , cleaning our hut .
fill your bags with fruit and delicious vegetables .
the small market , where people brought their vegetables and fruits , clothes and linens , handcrafts and such , was crowded with onlookers .
as they walked toward cenobia standing by her familys vegetable stand , she turned to face them .
centered in the room were a row of two solid twelve - foot wooden tables covered in wild game and domestic meats , fresh and preserved vegetables and fruits , variety of breads , with bitter wines and strong drink to fill their rages .
she enjoyed selecting the fruits and vegetables that looked appetizing to her , which she would then bring back to claude and instruct him to use them in the meal he was preparing for the evening .
the center of the area was purposefully left wide and open , allowing plenty of space for wagons to pass , and merchants who could nt afford permanent storefronts came here with carts full of ripe vegetables , baked goods , and even clothing .
everywhere he went , the scholar brought his library , hiding the volumes in crates with false bottoms designed to look like a simple merchants haul of fruits and vegetables .
the pantry is full of eggs i did not gather , vegetables i did not raise , wood i never cut , and the pots as clean as the day they were made though i have used them this very morning .
a small smile touched her lips as she returned to the vegetable patch to resume her weeding .
kids are nt the only ones who are nt fond of that vegetable .
that large cooking pot contains a particularly savory vegetable stew , being cooked for the unfortunates who have been given the option to stay after school and do make - up work .
as one travels from west to east , one first comes across akal garh market on the left which is a big retail market of clothes , then there is the girja ghar square from where branch off the books market and the old vegetables market , then there is sarafa bazaar ( the market of jewelers ) , meena bazaar ( in ancient times the residing place of concubines but now a wholesale market of grains and many other victuals , and near to it is the naoghara mohalla , where was born the martyr shaheed sukhdev thapar ) , basati bazaar ( a famous retail market of women accessories and cosmetics ) , gur mandi ( translating to jaggery market but in reality more of a market of electronic goods , it is here that a tragic fire broke out in the early 90s , when a blast took place in the firecrackers which were being sold here near the time of diwali , causing many a shopkeepers to mistake its noise for a terrorist attack and thereby pull down the shutters of their shops for safety , where they thus got entrapped to their ultimate demise as the fire spread and took a violent face , eventually leading to the death of more than hundred sons of the city ) , then there is also the saban bazaar ( translating to soap market , but here are sold hardware goods ) , bizli market ( electrical goods ) , pindi street ( medicines ) , lalu mal street and dal bazaar ( wholesale hosiery markets ) , khushi ram halwai and shankar halwai ( famous old shops of sweets ) , sita ram shop ( renowned for its namkeen snacks ) , babe da hatt ( delightful lemon soda ) , nathu mal ghuddu ram ( lip smacking gachchak and bhugga ) , and adding to all this and more , are the hawkers and peddlers here , who spend their days selling their goods on this long stretch , adding to the great hustle and bustle of activity which takes place in this traffic congested premises on a daily basis , in many ways thus , this place is the life spine of the city , imbibing in itself the various colors of its spirit in their different variegated hues .
honestly , professor , my cook has nearly lost her fingers twice chopping vegetables for this event .
pardon us for a moment , balien said to marya , hauling gabriel by the arm into a quieter side room where they kept root vegetables .
unidentifiable boiled vegetables accompany chunks of boiled meat that defy knife and teeth .
malaki and neasa littered the table with plates of local seafood and a selection of vegetables and salads plucked from kahns treasured garden ; a garden he nurtured as if it were a child .
threading through the bounty were vegetables ; produce of the earth , the vine , the bush , and tree .
verica and jazlyn turned around and pretended to be cutting vegetables .
it was roasted lamb and vegetables .
it has more of an emphasis on good carbs , high fiber , fresh fruits and vegetables , more protein and good healthy fats like olive oil and canola oil .
name your three favorite vegetables . ''
` ` so what are you favorite vegetables , julio ? ''
` ` did you know that a great way to enjoy two vegetables in one dish is to mix them together ?
alex looked curiously at leena and asked , ` ` what other vegetables do you like leena ? ''
if you use olive oil when you saut vegetables , like with zucchini , it really adds a lot of great flavor so you do n't have to use butter . ''
then the three of them began to look at each other as if waiting for one of them to take back what they said about liking vegetables in order to make fun of the others .
are you guys serious about liking those vegetables or are you trying to play a trick on me ? ''
` ` do you guys really like those vegetables ? ''
like the vegetables we like , '' leena said as if she were a matchmaker for gourmet foods and the people who may enjoy them .
you know , like help set the table or chop up vegetables or something .
food self - reliant : they have enough non - perishable food ( including baby food for their infants ) , vitamins and non - gmo fruit and vegetable seeds for gardening and/or farming set aside to last them at least a year to feed everyone in their family sufficiently well according to their individual health and dietary needs .
it was mostly vegetables , boiled beyond recognition , probably reused for as many meals as could be squeezed from them .
but the nethral were also very generous , and all three travellers were provided with gifts of food , sweet treats and drinks derived from local fruits and vegetables , all of which tasted like nothing chris had ever tried before .
but do nt vegetables have feelings too ?
carts filled with dried meat and fish , herbs , vegetables or cooking equipment and utensils flowed past them ; each cart with its unique smell .
the food , like much of the food in the stalls , was strange , consisting of a variety of tubers and odd shaped vegetables , hard - crusted breads , as well as shellfish , crabs , meat dishes and fish piled high on crystal platters and garnished with an assortment of herbs .
it 's very odd , replied lenchen , i would n't expect a man of such vaunted talent to stoop to stealing vegetables from a poor grocer .
amatola added spices , herbs and wild vegetables she found growing in the forest .
the main room held a table with three chairs , several wall shelves with a wooden counter - top for chopping meats and vegetables .
amatola taught her how to cook meats ; stews she could make with other vegetables as well ; jerky ; smoked meats for when she traveled or had no fresh meats .
his mother began dropping vegetables in it .
his mother sat a few paces away , still cutting vegetables , watching .
willim returned with a bowl of stewed vegetables and roasted rabbit .
the two girls scrubbing vegetables glanced at her frequently for approval .
the two girls grinned at each other and went back to their vegetables .
fresh cut steaks , vats of steamed vegetables pitched in from local gardens , and of course the signature tropical fruits to go with the absolute mounds of chocolate , raspberry , and cinnamon desserts , among much more .
how else do you think they get away with charging $ 150 for a piece of raw fish , some sliced vegetables and truffle foam ?
it was her intention to get some water so that she could begin to soak the meat and vegetables to make into a stew .
we ve got roast mutton and baked potatoes with roast vegetables if that will be to your taste ?
asphodel found some mushrooms and other edible herbs and vegetables , and so they progressed towards their destination .
bowls of fresh vegetables , and bread warm from the oven were also served with the meat , along with a choice of red wine or ale .
one morning , basalt came up to thadora as she was preparing some vegetables for the midday meal .
meat was a rare luxury , and here was some succulent pork along with fresh bread and steamed vegetables .
there were three large tables down the centre of the room where a number of people were preparing meat and vegetables , and on one a man was assembling a dessert from pastries and cream , stacking them carefully into a beautiful design and piping cream in intricate whorls over it .
in the process of weaving around their fenced off vegetable garden , the big oaf nearly knocked over the jug of water raymond had filled this morning from the pump at the laughing well .
yet again he was to miss the camaraderie amongst his fellow students that inevitably followed dinner , but he dared not keep the lady waiting , he wondered if he had made some horrid mistake slicing vegetables earlier in the day , if so , the discipline here was far harsher than he had at first imagined !
our food arrived quickly , grilled filet of beef served with creamy garlic potatoes and fresh vegetables , red wine and shallots reduction for him , and house made raviolis in roasted tomato and pepper sauce for me , and we settled into comfortable chatter as we ate .
both von frakkens enjoy the late mornings repast prepared for gerald , being replete with a variety of fruits and vegetables reserved only for dignitaries .
to them his observations were instant , and what he knew they wanted was to know about the rituals , and so he spoke : of burningsof fruit and vegetables and bewitching stones like incense ; of sacrificeof animals and captured foes and first - borns : but of human sacrifice he had only heard , never allowed to observe , but the tales were told too frequently to be wrong , so frantz believed .
he saw all the fresh fruit and vegetables and was happy again that life was still going on despite his internal feelings .
it appears that typical encounters with a weaving leave the victim a helpless vegetable not much for documentation in that state of mind .
wolves do nt eat any kind of fruit or vegetables after all .
a woman bent down to pick up errant vegetables that had fallen off the counter - top of the neighbouring stall in the explosion .
an icy cold tone washed through her and she tried not to shudder as she stood up , clutching the vegetables to her chest as if they could protect her .
he was still wearing his outfit , after all , and the half mask he wore over his face so children would nt pester him in the streets to do illusions when all he wanted to do was look for a new brooch to secure his cloak or get up early to get the best pick of vegetables at the daily market .
verica and jazlyn turned and feigned cutting vegetables .
the clientele of rongongyulas bar and grill usually left most of their food uneaten , especially the vegetables .
its warm , and much softer than the vegetable cucumber .
little have i to offer you , said lator , but here is some vegetable juice from my own garden .
it was a cooked mixture of brown rice and chunks of cooked vegetables .
( saint lopo the wanderer ) srea kula sat by the fire with lator , the theologian , drinking lators wholesome but undistinguished vegetable juice .
you will also become a vegetable , completely worthless to yourself , or to anyone else !
it would be odd , though , to call them vegetables .
yuligo was an elderly man who sold root vegetables .
it takes labor and materials to grow vegetables , milliseek .
as usual , she was shown holding a full basket of fruits and vegetables .
bees buzzed around the air , systematically searching for sweet nectar in the vegetable and fruit blossoms .
sayjin approached the table and saw a large number of root vegetables and mushrooms laid across the surface , the bloated creature was slicing them and placing them into a wooden bowl .
maeve had offered to bring silk sheets , but all we needed was something of the earth , animal or vegetable .
woodcrafters could , when they needed to , exert the power of their furies to hide their presence from other 's eyes , if enough vegetable matter was nearby to use as material .
the landing two stories up was half filled with black plastic garbage bags and it smelled of rotting vegetables .
the place smelled of the chlorine smell of bleach , no longer of rotting vegetables .
` ` you must want some vegetables . ''
i do n't particularly enjoy the sweat , diesel , and overcooked boiled vegetable smell that fills the working - class pub , but i like to keep on good terms with my fellow members in the silver helix , and i want to hear from bruckner about his runs to nigeria .
the kid needed to eat some vegetables .
there was an overripe smell to it , a vegetable reek .
the air smelled fresh and clean , this high up , and more importantly , it was entirely free of the constant stench of rotting vegetable matter .
the woodcrafted veil hid and concealed , as long as there were shadows and vegetable shapes to manipulate .
it smelled like rotting vegetables .
` ` we 're choosing between sea vegetable conspiracy and rock solid panda . ''
before long , we all sat down with hot bowls of vegetable soup , a platter of piping hot corn bread , and real butter .
she made pumpkin pie from vegetables his father grew at home .
though i was n't sure , i had the impression jesse saldana 's mother did n't know about his father 's ability to grow gigantic vegetables or her son 's empathy .
` ` and vegetables , '' she said , as if he had n't spoken .
` ` do n't gorge yourself on meats and sweets and ignore your vegetables . ''
the healers in my last legion favored strong wine and rare meat to restore an injury with so much blood loss , but i ' ve read others who favor an herbal tea and increased vegetables . ''
i was hanging out in the backstage area where all the drinks and food had been set up , all fold - out tables and metal chairs , picking at some vegetables and dip that tasted like it had been left out in the sun for too long .
then a shapely arm followed , and then the hamadryad leaned right out and grasped the astonished wizard firmly and , with that vegetable strength that can send roots questing into rock , drew him into the tree .
' with a choice of sunkissed vegetables in season , and then strawberries and cream . '
' some kind of vegetable ? '
' ca n't stand vegetables .
look into the mirror ... ... further ... ... to an orange light on a cold mountaintop , thousands of miles from the vegetable warmth of that swamp ... local people called it the bear mountain .
' you ought to have got some fresh vegetables , ' said magrat the dietitian .
three woodcutters were digging over the vegetable plot , two more were fighting to clean the chimney , and four of them were halfway down a new well that was being dug with impressive speed .
nanny ogg quite liked cooking , provided there were other people around to do things like chop up the vegetables and wash the dishes afterwards .
cooking anywhere outside genua was just heating up things like bits of animals and birds and fish and vegetables until they went brown .
after a moment 's thought he took a couple of pebbles from one of the vegetable beds and wedged them under the shell so that the creature 's movement would n't tip it over .
and only after they 'd run out of vegetables . ''
` ` they threw vegetables ? ''
we get sucking pig plus chef 's selection of sun - drenched dew - fresh vegetables on wednesdays . ''
` ` a vegetable , '' said ridcully ` ` anyway , it 'll wear off in a couple of hours . ''
anyway , everyone knows raw vegetables are bad for you , and i ca n't be having with them eggy pies . ''
she could n't recognize the names of most of the dishes , which included : curry with vegetable 8p curry with sweat , and sore balls of pig 10p curry with sweer and sour , ball of fish 10p curry with meat 10p curry with named meat 15p extra curry 5p porn cracker 4p eat it here or , take it away the hatch snapped open again and a large brown bag of allegedly but not really waterproof paper was dumped on the little ledge in front of it .
no fresh vegetables at all .
miss butts advocated avoiding fried foods and eating plenty of vegetables for what she referred to as daily health .
no- one dressed like that , he was coming to realize , could be thinking of any kind of root vegetable .
the vegetable chef was found much later hiding in the soup cauldron , gibbering unhelpful things like the knuckles !
on the one hand , those parts of the city which normally concerned themselves with , for example , selling vegetables , shoeing horses , carving exquisite small jade ornaments , changing money and making tables , on the whole , slept .
chorus : something something , a humorously shaped vegetable , a turnip , i believe , something something and the sweet nightingaleeeeaarggooooooh - arghh oh oh oh- ' the song shut off suddenly .
or a vegetable or something ! '
there were a lot of people in , and the staff should have been fully stretched , putting bicarbonate of soda in the white wine to make very expensive bubbles and cutting the vegetables very small to make them cost more .
if i was a vegetable , i 'd want to make myself useful in a hurry , yes ?
a very versatile vegetable . '
he knew what sheep were , of course , and had come into contact with them on many occasions , although normally in the company of mixed vegetables .
how do we sail this vegetable , dean ? '
there was a loaf of bread the size and weight of a cannonball , and some vegetables .
but at least they were recognizable vegetables .
and , yes , he could use one of the empty beer tins , and make a fire , and chop up the vegetables , and the damp patch over there suggested there was water ...
it took him some time to hack one end off a tin , but eventually he had it standing in the fire with the chopped - up vegetables floating in the froth .
after a while he poked the vegetables with a stick .
yeasty vegetable soup , what a wonderful idea .
it was just possible that if you mixed yeasty beer and vegetables together you 'd get- no , what you got was salty - tasting beery brown gunk .
' the leguminous vegetable ?
bins of vegetables !
some people kept pigeons or rabbits or pigs on their plots , or planted against all experience a few vegetables .
' lady meserole , sarge , ' said nobby indistinctly , through a mouthful of mixed vegetables and grease .
said vimes , as another rain of rocks and old vegetables came down .
it had the tobacco factors and the candlemakers and most of the fruit and vegetable warehouses and the grain and flour stores .
* * will accept vegetables , eggs , and clean used clothing * * the next stall along was decorated with scenes out of history , generally of kings cutting one another 's heads off and similar interesting highlights .
a root vegetable question , i think , '' said miss tick .
every other garden she 'd seen was used for growing vegetables , with perhaps just a little space for flowers if the wife had got tough about it .
and as his gaze moved down it also saw , over the first shop in the narrow street : no.1 a. parker and son 's greengrocer 's high clas 's fruit and vegetable 's well , why not deliver it ?
you should avoid rumbustious fruits and vegetables .
` ` fresh vegetables are not to be sneezed at in the winter .
not knowing what else to do , tiffany ladled out a plate of hearty meat and vegetables and ate it .
all sorts of fruits , vegetables , and grain were spilling from the cornucopia 's wide mouth .
and then one day a traveling teacher , who like all the others would teach for eggs , fresh vegetables , and clean used clothing , found he got more to eat by teaching things that were interesting rather than useful .
in the clearing , several men were digging the vegetable area , and lots of people were hanging around the door , so she landed back in the woods , shoved the broom into a rabbit hole and her hat under a bush , and walked back on foot .
his toes got trodden on , his ribs were bruised , people kept trying to sell him unpleasant spices and suggestively - shaped vegetables , and a rather elderly lady said , against all the evidence , that he looked a well set - up young lad who would like a nice tune .
in ankh - morpork the cuisines of the world collide : on the menu are one thousand types of vegetable , fifteen hundred cheeses , two thousand spices , three hundred types of meat , two hundred fowl , five hundred different kinds of fish , one hundred variations on the theme of pasta , seventy eggs of one kind or another , fifty insects , thirty molluscs , twenty assorted snakes and other reptiles , and something pale brown and warty known as the klatchian migratory bog truffle .
' i do n't see what vegetables have got to do with it . '
' i thought that was some sort of vegetable . '
and the woman in the vegetable shop , she oppresses me all the time . ''
i ca n't see a skion manifesting his destiny just because brother doorkeeper thinks the woman in the vegetable shop keeps giving him funny looks .
could we get it to stay here long enough to burn down , for example , any oppressive vegetable shops ? ''
` ` let that be a lesson to all oppressive vegetable sellers , '' he kept saying .
the potatoes and vegetables are over there .
the least you can do is cook some vegetables .
as he said , he had potatoes and some other vegetables out beside a large pot filled with water .
odd - looking vegetable .
he could smell incense and herbs , fresh vegetables , and what smelled deliciously like stew .
merchants sold everything from fruits , vegetables , and meats , to furs , and jewels , to more weapons than she could ever imagine .
` ` as ruler of all fruits and vegetables , i 'll make sure to get right on that . ''
it reminded him of esyld 's little house , although there was no herb or vegetable garden .
she can get power from a bloody vegetable patch if she needs to . ''
` ` well , let us see , '' keynes said , and went poking through the materials with gong su : a great many local vegetables , including a long pendulous fruit like an oversized yam , which gong su dubiously picked up and thumped against the ground : not even the skin so much as split , until he at last took it into the castle , to the smith , and had it smashed open upon the forge .
he prodded the ground with the stick he had been using to turn over the vegetables : dry and hard several inches down , with only the stubborn frizz of short yellow grass to hold it together , the roots long and thin and spidery .
there was neither a school nor a church building , yet , only a mortally plain little house , graced by a few depressed and straggling trees , and a bare plot of land around it meant for a vegetable - garden , where mrs . erasmus was presently laboring in the company of her daughters and several of the young native women , who were being shown how to stake tomato plants .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
thus i read recently a review of a book by sir gavin de beer , and , in what appeared to be a citation from the original , i noted the following opinion on the river - name arar ( livy ) and araros ( polybius ) : ' now arar derives from the celtic root meaning running water which occurs also in many english river - names like avon/ it is a strange world in which avon and araros can have the same ' root ' ( a vegetable analogy still much loved by the non - philological when being wise about words ) .
she probably had a light salad for lunch with a protein , and one glass of wine , if that , with a dinner that was all about root vegetables , grilled chicken , and a low - glycemic - index starch of some kind .
reed went back to chopping vegetables .
miyoko paused in the act of scooping up vegetables .
miyoko insisted on cutting vegetables and offering spice suggestions , then she left for home with obvious reluctance .
i pulled open the cupboards up above and found a few boxes of half eaten cereal , several cans of soup , some canned vegetables , pasta sauce and an unopened box of triscuits .
we pressed past vendors selling jewelry , farmers with their rows of green vegetables , a woman yelling at us to buy chocolate fettuccini .
sir ... if all this is working up to asking about them sacks of vegetables which went missing from the shop in treacle mine road , i was not anywhere near the - ' vimes waved a hand vaguely .
i had little taste for vegetables or fruits .
as another vord attempted to climb onto the wagon , he spun the bag of vegetables and struck hard at the vord 's face .
behind them came a long double column of supply wagons , cargo wagons , farm carts , town carriages , rubbish carts , vegetable barrows , and every other form of wheeled conveyance imaginable .
the hold women had fled the kitchen 's heat to take their midday meal , a quick round of vegetable soup and yesterday 's bread , together with a selection of cheeses they had thrown together then taken out into the steadholt 's courtyard to eat .
` ` we need vegetables , '' i said .
tolliver said , ` ` potatoes are a vegetable .
i know technically they 're a fruit , but i always think of them as vegetables . ''
his plate was invisible beneath a truly amazing array of food , very little of it involving vegetables , i noted .
perhaps a bone at the butcher 's or rotted vegetables at the grocer 's , something no one but my family was desperate enough to eat .
countless cheeses , breads , vegetables , sweets , waterfalls of wine , and streams of spirits that flicker with flames .
a cold soup of pureed vegetables .
pheasant with a selection of jewel - colored jellies , and tiny versions of real vegetables swimming in butter , and potatoes mashed with parsley .
as i slide my tray along the metal shelf before the vats of food , i see breakfast is its usual dependable self - a bowl of hot grain , a cup of milk , and a small scoop of fruit or vegetables .
they must have served stewed garlic and squash for the breakfast vegetable .
` ` i told you i 'd cook for you someday , '' lois said , adding vegetables from the fridge crisper and spices from one of the overhead cabinets .
prep cooks were washing vegetables and slicing them with slim , sharp knives , and the pastry chef was fretting over a triplechocolate sour - cream torte fresh from the oven .
spector smelled meat and vegetables cooking in hot oil .
the weird thing was that natural odors , even wet dogs or decaying vegetables , did n't bother him much .
with perfect truth : for bilbo was very polite to him , calling him ' master hamfast ' , and consulting him constantly upon the growing of vegetables c in the matter of ' roots ' , especially potatoes , the gaffer was recognized as the leading authority by all in the neighbourhood ( including himself ) .
galen only ate vegetables , roots and nuts , which was , as erik had pointed out in a loud voice after their first meal with galen , exactly what they fed the rabbits at home .
as a matter of course moist had hidden those strange wobbly meats under his vegetables , on one occasion achieving a potato twelve inches high .
she lived on gin , vegetable soup , her morning pick - me - up and - ' ' gin , ' said peggy firmly .
desert island , desert island ... on a desert island a bag of vegetables is worth more than gold , in the city gold is more valuable than the bag of vegetables .
desert island , desert island ... on a desert island a bag of vegetables is worth more than gold , in the city gold is more valuable than the bag of vegetables .
jailbreak - the prospect of the kidney sandwich - the barber - surgeon 's knock - suicide by paint , inadvisability of - angels at one remove - igor goes shopping - the use of understudies at a hanging , reflections on - places suitable for putting a head - moist awaits the sunshine - tricks with your brain - ' we 're going to need some bigger notes ' - fun with root vegetables - the lure of clipboards - the impossible cabinet on the roof of the tanty , the city 's oldest jail , moist was more than moist .
the frantic banging of the vegetable grew louder .
they had the usual look of such places - neat , tidy , lots of gravel and pointy trees and no vegetables .
that is , he can not disobey those laws which he shares with other things ; but the law which is peculiar to his human nature , the law he does not share with animals or vegetables or inorganic things , is the one he can disobey if he chooses .
it thinks god made the worldcthat space and time , heat and cold , and all the colours and tastes , and all the animals and vegetables , are things that god ' made up out of his head ' as a man makes up a story .
we were once rather like vegetables , and once rather like fish : it was only at a later stage that we became like human babies .
and if we had been conscious at those earlier stages , i daresay we should have been quite contented to stay as vegetables or fish - should not have wanted to be made into babies .
several skaa women of various ages worked the shop 's kitchen , preparing baywraps - rolls of thin , at bread stuffed with boiled barley and vegetables .
wine and ale were present , though in small amounts , and the men were munching on a simple evening snack of puffed barley cakes and battered vegetables .
drumsticks , vin thought , and vegetables in gravy .
she smelled what must have been the beginnings of the evening meal - a simple vegetable stew .
the purple stuff was vegetation : more precisely it was vegetables , vegetables about twice the height of english elms , but apparently soft and flimsy .
the purple stuff was vegetation : more precisely it was vegetables , vegetables about twice the height of english elms , but apparently soft and flimsy .
as he expected , it was toughly soft like a vegetable , not hard like wood .
it brought him the usual vegetable foods of malacandra , and strong drink , with the very welcome addition of a smooth brown substance which revealed itself to nose , eye and palate , in defiance of all probability , as cheese .
he continued to wade down through the rippling streamers ( it was like a sort of vegetable surf - bathing ) for about an hour longer .
the oyarsa of venus glowed with a warm splendour , full of the suggestion of teeming vegetable life .
roasted hen , a flaky white fish , even a beef wellington , along with an array of vegetables and breads .
a great many vegetables could be planted there during what was sure to be a short summer , to take maximum advantage of the sunshine .
it had been his main worry when he 'd joined the army - that he 'd get shot in the head and end up a vegetable .
so the counting pines avoided all this by letting other vegetables do their evolving for them .
even vegetables . ''
one minute i ' m arthur winkings , a coming man in the wholesale fruit and vegetable business , next minute i find i ' m arthur , count notfaroutoe , owner of fifty acres of cliff face a goat 'd fall off of and a castle that even the cockroaches have abandoned and an invitation from the burgomaster to drop in down at the village one day and discuss three hundred years of back taxes . ''
or a fairly bright vegetable .
parasites and predators , but not like the sort affecting animals and vegetables .
it was no life , or half - life or after - life or whatever it was , being a lower - middle - class wholesale fruit and vegetable merchant with an upper - class condition .
the trolley was suddenly not straining against the weight of a middle - aged wholesale , fruit and vegetable entrepreneur but only against a small terrified bat .
he could hear arthur winkings asking the archchancellor who did his decorating , and where the university got its vegetables .
rosie looked hastily away from the flowers , but at first what she saw in the moribund vegetable patch was no better : one of the rows appeared to be full of blood .
extraordinary things took place there afterwards : all the flowers went mad , and the vegetables were monstrous , and the fishes that ate them were turned into sea - worms , sea - cats , sea - cows , sea - lions , sea - tigers , sea - devils , porpoises , dugongs , cephalopods , manatees , and calamities , or merely poisoned ; and phantasms , visions , bewilderments , illusions , and hallucinations sprouted so thick that nobody had any peace in the palace at all , and they were obliged to move .
but there were other fields with vegetables , where the plants were small , just breaking above the surface of the rich earth .
there 's far too much life of every kind about , animal and vegetable .
a wide , open hearth glowing with burning wood lit up the comfortable form of mrs . dimble , who was seated at one side of it , apparently engaged in preparing vegetables .
it may have occurred to you to wonder how any man thinks we 're going to defeat a conspiracy by growing winter vegetables and training performing bears .
he was always muzzled out of doors , not because there was any fear of his becoming dangerous but because of his partiality for fruit and for the sweeter kinds of vegetables .
i 'd be greatly obliged if anyone would tell me what we have done - always apart from feeding the pigs and raising some very decent vegetables . ''
desiccated chunks of meat and vegetables sat , forlorn survivors of the catastrophe , on the singed bottom of the pot .
big , brick - like blocks of hashish wrapped neatly in sheets of polythene : krystal , who could barely read , who could not have identified half the vegetables in a supermarket , who could not have named the prime minister , knew that the contents of the bag , if discovered on the premises , meant prison for her mother .
a fire snapped in the hearth while she dug into a bowl of roasted vegetable soup and pored over her books .
` ` well then , let 's have those vegetables .
` ` they 'd butcher their own meat , grow their own vegetables , mill flour .
iona planted flowers and vegetables and herbs with her cousins , scraped mud off her boots , put in long hours at the stables , long hours with the craft .
hannah followed eliza into the backyard and through the vegetable and flower gardens pea used to spend so much time tending .
she hauled overstuffed bags of fruits and vegetables onto the kitchen countertop , oblivious to cassie 's mood .
he ate a few , looked toward the turnips in the vegetable bin , and sighed .
she filled up a few plates with some chicken and vegetables and brought them downstairs , just as an excuse to seek out nick .
often adara stayed outside alone for hours after the others had fled in search of warmth , or run off to old laura 's to eat the hot vegetable soup she liked to make for the children .
he slipped the bouquet of reeds back under the pillow , being careful to brush away the few crumbles of vegetable matter which had dropped to the sheet .
scarlett and all the ancestors were gathered around a circular table that was covered with fine foods : roasted chicken , baked potatoes , salad greens , and vegetables .
mr pin had kept away because , well , there were plenty of other cities , and an instinct for survival had told him that the big wahoonie * the world 's rarest and most evil - smelling vegetable , and consequently much prized by connoisseurs ( who seldom prize anything cheap and common ) .
when the man and his hilarious vegetable had been dealt with , william wandered out into the printing shop .
* and someone has grown a funny - shaped vegetable . '
he added ' and we were glad of that , because we had n't seen fresh meat for a fortnight ' ... mr josia winder ( 45 ) of 12b martlebury street has % a humerous vegetable that he will exhibit to all comers upon payment of a small sum .
' it says here a man in martlebury street has grown a vegetable that 's a funny shape , ' he said .
the sooner we can let him go home , the sooner our mr wintler can find another wonderfully humorous vegetable , eh , mr wintler ?
i ' m afraid we ' ve had five other people in here with humorous vegetables , ' she said .
' it gives me the humorous vegetables . '
' what we 'll do ... we 'll go back to the house , okay , and ... and we 'll get the rest of the diamonds , and we 'll scrag charlie , and , and ... we 'll find a vegetable shop ... any special kind of potato ? '
it had to be the influence of those humorous vegetables .
william stared at the smoke - stained , red - eyed face , with its horrible expression of triumph , and then at the shrunken vegetable on the end of its string .
' hey -- ' do not put all your trust in root vegetables .
' any good vegetables today ? '
' only those vegetables suitable for a family environment , of course , ' he added quickly .
' have you got the address of the funny vegetable man ? '
' amusingly shaped vegetables ? '
' about vegetables and animals ? '
but at least they 're real vegetables and animals . '
' many new deformed vegetables will become available .
news is unusual things happening -- ' ' and usual things happening , ' said sacharissa , screwing up a report from the ankh - morpork funny vegetable society .
keynes was skeptical but unworried , and laurence , being more conscious of owing gratitude than truly grateful , and guilty over his lack of sincerity , did not try to interfere with the menus , even as the servants daily trooped back from the markets with a succession of increasingly bizarre ingredients : penguins , served stuffed with grain and berries and their own eggs ; smoked elephant meat brought in by hunters willing to risk the dangerous journey inland ; shaggy , fat - tailed sheep with hair instead of wool ; and the still - stranger spices and vegetables .
temeraire drowsed ; laurence put aside his bowl : another plain dinner of rice and vegetables .
spicy fish salads , a dozen kinds of cheese , pickled vegetables , roasted chicken , sliced beef , stuffed eggs , several loaves of bread , and a variety of sweets .
there were a few loaves of stale bread , some cheese , some dried vegetables , and a couple of cakes .
piles of vegetables covered the counter .
after he 'd inhaled the sauce and bread , she set him to work chopping piles of vegetables that she sauteed in olive oil .
they layered big , flat noodles and cheese and sauce and vegetables into three enormous pans .
large fish stuffed with grain and herbs , tiny vegetables arranged in geometric patterns , steaming braided bread studded with fruit , paper - thin piles of roast beef , and ripred 's favorite , that shrimp in cream sauce .
there was a savory egg - and - cheese pie , stuffed mushrooms , steak , tiny raw vegetables with a dip , and a dish gregor had come across a few times before , shrimp in cream sauce .
hazard helped hamnet pass out bread , meat , and some raw carrotlike vegetable .
gregor could n't help thinking of those gadgets they sold on tv that chopped up vegetables at the press of a button .
' we could eke out the money if we concentrate on a healthy diet of grains and fresh vegetables .
but it was true : mr stollop commanded that all family earnings were pooled , with him holding the pool , which was then pooled with his friends in the bar of the turkey and vegetables , and ultimately pooled again in the reeking alley behind it .
well , it was n't that far , and riding with vegetables was a iate far less undignified than being forced to jounce around on the back of a horse .
no beans , no vegetables .
soldiers from the band hunkered down , chopping vegetables and stewing beans with the furtive expression of men who had been given firm instructions .
it was simple - broth and vegetables , bits of chicken - but when most food tasted stale at best , this seemed a wonder .
the vegetables were as bland as unseasoned millet porridge .
she had fresh , bright vegetables laid out on the kitchen counter and was whaling away with a gleaming oversized knife .
she retreated to her vegetables again .
i let it fade into white noise as sarah scraped meticulously dismembered vegetables from cutting board to bowl .
people threw up canopies and laid their goods out on blankets , and women sold the vegetables from their gardens that they did n't need .
i could see men and women working in the vegetable gardens , and beyond that the farmers in the fields .
the women had more work to do than they ever had in alexandria where they could buy fresh bread and even pottage and vegetables every day .
women were tending the vegetable gardens .
food they had bought aplenty in alexandria , but here they grew the vegetables , and had to pick them from the garden ; and whereas one could always buy hot bread in alexandria in the bakers ' street , they baked all their bread here , after grinding the wheat themselves very early every morning .
dust had to be fiercely brushed from our clothes , sandals wiped , hands and faces washed , hair combed and anointed , wedding garments taken out of their wrappings , little tobiah to be scrubbed like a vegetable and garbed immediately , and so we lost ourselves in the preparations .
the filet roast was perfect , the vegetables extraordinarily fresh and crisp , and the salad perfectly done with light oil and herbs .
the meat and vegetables were simmering in the crock - pot all afternoon .
the meal was a great success - roast filet , fresh vegetables , pasta , and one of laura , s enormous simple and herb - laden salads .
sweet fresh vegetables , thick broth .
he had been looking down the long length of the massive table dazzled by the array of sauced vegetables , and the big boar 's head in the center .
hell , rufus was the most hard - line , antidirty - magic guy i knew , but even he thought i was crazy for spending more to buy produce from farms that did n't use potions to fertilize their vegetables and fruits .
especially now that magic had turned my brother into a vegetable .
she watched through heavy - lidded eyes as serving women hurried into the hall , laying out trays laden with meat and vegetables and baskets of crusty brown bread .
muttering an oath , he grabbed a plate , filled it with meat and vegetables , and then made his way to the dungeon .
the meal she had prepared was fit for a liege lord : the roasted venison succulent and swimming in a rich sauce , the vegetables sweet , the bread still warm from the oven .
he had fresh fruit and vegetables the year round .
she opened it to reveal a deep pantry with a decent stock of various cans of vegetables , rice , bread , peanut butter , chips , cereal , boxed stuffing , and bottles of water , and that was just what i could see right away .
i found an opened case of water , a big bag of chips , a mixed bag of apples and oranges , half a dozen cans of various vegetables , and cans of spam .
the pantry was stocked with cans of fruit and vegetables , rice , potted meat , potato chips , peanut butter , pickles , and bottled water .
tofu , she told me , the last time i visited her in san francisco , when she served me a plate of vegetables and brown rice and some lumpy , milk - white substance that reminded me of curdled fat .
i liked the way the vegetables were all laid out like jewelry in a velvet - lined case : cabbages tucked neatly next to shiny red peppers next to cucumbers next to lettuce , all of it misted over , regular , with a fine spray of water .
this consisted of venison , ragout , macaroni , vegetable pie , vegetables of the season , and even creams , jellies , and ices .
this consisted of venison , ragout , macaroni , vegetable pie , vegetables of the season , and even creams , jellies , and ices .
the vegetables were stewed cabbage , carrots , potatoes , corn and the fruits were to numerous to count .
all types could be found soups , meats , breads , vegetables , fruits , wines and ales .
an abundant array of boiled and roasted vegetables ranging from potatoes , carrots , asparagus , onions , etc .
every afternoon , it was my obligation to harvest the vegetables .
mr wood put an advertisement in the local paper offering a reward of two pounds for the return of his lost silver snuff box , the intemperate john slater appeared in the city police court , charged with using obscene language in public , mrs marshalls bunch of turnips won her third prize in the vegetable section of the hobart horticultural societys spring show , and the thermometer outside in the shade stood at 88 degrees .
through bountiful servings of vegetables , turkey and various cold meats including duck and ham , desultory conversation dawdled on .
he brought each of them a large carrot from the kitchen garden and chuckled affectionately as they devoured the crunchy vegetable .
he added emphatically before shoveling in another spoonful of vegetables .
for all the richness of the food there were no vegetables , though many types of fruit , the centre of the feast was meat , except on fridays , for religious rules were obeyed strictly .
she had boxed a small dinner of raw vegetables , with buttered raisin bread and oatmeal cookies , none store bought , for julia to eat on the long ride home .
entering the farmers market to purchase a few fresh vegetables for home , he noticed her struggling to gather together an array of late spring melons that had tumbled into the street as she attempted to sample one .
there they would bargain for vegetables and a pig or a goat , and sometimes for woolen yarn that had been dyed bright colors .
i also made butter while i gathered potatoes and vegetables .
she ladled vegetables from a boiling kettle onto the huge tray and filled a tankard with ale .
the monks there grow all sorts of vegetables and fruits .
` ` vegetables and fruits ?
and when she had offered to aid little annabelle in peeling the vegetables , she was politely ushered out the door .
her vegetable and herb garden might be small by virginia standards , but it depended upon her alone to tend it .
the vegetable turned into a huge chunk of wood as she struggled to chew .
mrs . carlson looked down at her steaming plate of vegetables and found her appetite had disappeared .
carts clatter in over the rough paving stones , laden with eggs , chicken , and vegetables .
he hid them in the potato storeroom under his homeoh , staff of life , indeed was that vegetable for them .
in the countryside , communist activists urged farmers to donate bread and vegetables which could be smuggled through the barbed wire .
there were carved baked fruits ; tiny balls of meat flaked with spice and coconut ; fried vegetables surrounded by silver cups of a pastel green sauce ; large flat fish encased in dark baking shells flecked with red and green spices ; and a virtual aviary of wild fowl , from small game birds to plump pea hens .
instead they camped each evening on the outskirts , while a few rajputs rode in to the town bazaar to buy fresh vegetables , bricks of cow dung for cooking , and betel leaves for the drivers .
although the rajputs cooked in vegetable oil , nayka had insisted from the first that a personage as important as the english feringhi should eat only clarified butter .
then he chopped vegetables and dropped them in to fry .
the trays of meat were accompanied by spiced curds , local yogurts , and baked vegetables swimming in ghee .
in the evening stillness the faint stench of rotting corn husks wafted from a pile in which pigs rooted behind the indentures ' quarters , while the more pungent odor of human wastes emanated from the small vegetable patches farther back .
myrtle had promised him roast beef , potatoes and vegetables straight from the garden she kept behind the house .
her family owned and operated a fruit and vegetable stand , a large wagon they pushed out from their modest home early in the morning , onto the street .
he followed her to the outdoor kitchens where she plucked warm bread from the griddle and stirred a pot of vegetables .
this should have been a thriving market day , full of baskets of fish , bowls of vegetables , the flash of coins , and fresh honeyed bread .
soon enough , hands passed around bowls and reached greedily for fruits and vegetables .
they had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house , where mrs hurley grew an array of vegetables ; but daisy liked this one , with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers shed never seen before .
the smell of meat cooking in the oven and vegetables boiling in the pans on the stove made her stomach rumble and for the first time in days she actually wanted to eat .
and so on , through vegetables , soap , candles , fish .
you could just become a vegetable or lose a leg or something , i darkly said .
i mean , do nt get me wrong , i like vegetables plenty , but i also like sausages and butter .
on the previous day - gehazi received first fruits and vegetables from elishas woman - friend in shunem village .
she wants to delude the god believers here , that she had repented to god , at least to the god symbolized by the calflets get in , with our first fruits and vegetables baskets and wheats sack .
it took place after sundown , and all the priests and visitors like joseph received vegetables - and - bread dinner from the temples small kitchen .
they were chewing the remainders of grey grass , and goats were peeling a young trees trunk or remnants of rotten fruits and vegetables .
they were searching food inside heaps of rotten fruits and vegetables , and remnants of butchered sheep , thrown there by neighbors of the temple .
there the warriors were served with water , bread and vegetables - by two stewards who also poured wine to dry clay cups , from sheepskin bottles .
the sharecropper system provided dilapidated houses commonly called shacks at a reduced rent ; a small stipend for work landowners applied to increasingly high rents and/or purchases at inflated prices in the landowners store ; a plot of land to grow vegetables or raise animals , usually chickens ; and a percentage of the landowners profits the sharecropper rarely received as the landowner controlled the books .
patrick ordered rice and vegetables and watched her hips move to a gentle repeating melody from the piano .
he thought about his usual dinner of rice and vegetables .
i tend a plot of vegetables in the middle of a welfare neighborhood because i am mad .
they even began clearing land to grow vegetables .
using furrows created when sod blocks were cut from the native prairie grass , he planted garden seeds to test the ground and climate to determine if the combination was capable of producing vegetables .
jason was pleased to find the soil and climate was agreeable for growing a sustainable variety of vegetables .
that gave me time to call room service and have a couple trays of chilled vegetables and chilled fruit sent up along with wine .
what wine goes with vegetables and fruit ?
do nt forget the vegetables .
the little money emma had been able to make growing vegetables would pale compared to what she could earn with a bakery .
balancing the good and the bad , dan had to believe that the bigger portions of meat and regular servings of vegetables would build up his strength and he d gain rather than lose .
farmers drove carts full of vegetables to sell at the citys huge markets .
the prisoner weeded the flowerbeds to either side of the steps leading up to the porch , then trimmed back the rosebushes , most of which showed signs of aphids and weed - rot , and when he had finished , was escorted down the back of the house to where a hundred - yard square vegetable garden awaited digging .
i ve finished the vegetable gardenwhat do yer want me ta do now , mr morris ?
half way to the monastery he met a hermit who just came from the market with basket filled with fruit and vegetables .
you have eaten the vegetables growing in the garden , said brother george .
next morning verena and catherine were walking with the children to the monastery to get some vegetables and wood for the stove .
and what they saw they did not like particularly the herbs and vegetables which grew bigger under the care of the monks .
the farmers became very innovative in finding new methods of vegetable growing .
the monks in the monastery are not growing their vegetables with earth , water and sunshine .
they are using holy soil to grow their fruits and vegetables , said jack who was surrounded by white smoke .
the vegetables are growing stronger because of brother leo who has years of experience in agriculture .
laughter drifted past them as they approached the old barn , which was used to store vegetables during the winter .
he was thinking about the soups made out of his potatoes , barley , tomatoes , leek , carrots , cabbage , beans , onions and other vegetables .
i followed the scents to the source and found garlic and vegetables such as horseradish , carrots , radish and sweet potatoes growing from the earth into the cave .
roasted potatoes were served with the meals with plenty of vegetables .
its the same as pulling vegetables from a garden or cutting and bailing hay to feed a fellas cattle with .
whether it be vegetables , animals , water or sunshine , should nt make a lick of no nevermind when it comes right down to a persons bare - bones survival .
the fruit and vegetable stands are filled with jams , jellies , and all manner of pickled items .
he asked looking at the tiny piece of fish , grayish coloured potatoes and vegetables on his plate ?
some days she could nt even get vegetables so like many others she had resorted to eating grass .
he wanted to fight the germans , not dig up parks to plant vegetables .
shouting , sorry , reverend , over his shoulder , he raced past the small vegetable garden and around the toll house to the rail where his horse hack was tied .
after all , it was nt easy working magic when an additional six showed up for dinner , but she always did her best to keep back a cupboard of canned vegetables from the summer .
then there was the war .. , it sort of got in the way of all my plans lila returned with a plate of ham and vegetables .
sometimes he would follow his mother silently with his own little basket to gather any vegetables he could find in the garden , and when the cotton grew , he plucked cotton until his little fingers began to bleed , never complaining , becoming a little man when other four year old boys played in the house , oblivious to the destruction surrounding them .
the gardens were yielding plenty of fresh vegetables at the hands of wills skillful farming , and the cotton would soon be ready to gather .
the gardens were stocked full of vegetables that were beginning to sprout .
vendors from across the city opened their tents to offer varieties of meats and vegetables , most of which wade had never seen .
bryan then took stock of what they had found ; two small bags of oats ; an earthenware bowel of what appeared to be vegetables , but had now turned to inedible mush bryan kept the bowl ; a wooden container with probably twenty dried fish covered in dirt , but they could be washed and eaten ; a small torn bag of white substance which turned out to be sea salt ; two metal dishes they could use for cooking the oats ; three swords , two badly bent and one broken ; six spears with metal blades which had been left imbedded in the picts bodies and nine small knives probable used for cutting food .
the pleasant scents of ripened fruits and vegetables flirted with his nose and palate .
fresh fish from the port and seasonal fruits and vegetables from the market filled the tables .
open stalls displayed a colored cornucopia of fruits and vegetables ; freshly caught fish swam in barrels of sea water ; terra - cotta jars filled with wine or oils sat in rows ; and the rolls of multihued red , gold , green and blue cloth spilled out over tables .
during the dinner of fish , roast duck , vegetables and fresh - baked bread , the auletrides played musical instruments and danced around the room .
vegetables and fruits soon followed the epithets , and some found a target on aristotle 's tunic , staining it .
that night she had her slaves prepare a sumptuous meal with oysters , fish , lamb , and fresh cooked vegetables , served with their best wine .
the men sat at a table and were served fruits and vegetables from the countryside and a light stew .
many spat at them or threw rotten vegetables .
he was paying for some fruit when he noticed an older woman purchasing some vegetables at one of the stalls .
they parted and phidias returned home with a bag full of fresh fruit and vegetables , hardly aware of his feet trodding the hard cobblestones , his head in the clouds drifting across the bright athenian sky .
he met her frequently in the markets , where he would buy fruits or vegetables for her to take home .
he brought her gifts daily , a fruit or vegetable basket with some silver or gold coins in the bottom , flowers , or sweets from asia .
as he was walking through a street lined by fruit and vegetable vendors , he spied some fresh apples laid out like giant rubies sparkling in the sun .
just about everything on the richards table came from their land whether it be vegetables or meat .
my mother and i have always had a garden to supply our family with vegetables .
all of this would cause the demand for fresh vegetables to be higher than normal , which also meant better prices .
some of the vegetables started to come in during july , and by the end of august the fields would be cleared of everything .
he would start as soon as the first ripe vegetables were ready to be picked .
tom was beginning to bring in vegetables by the first week in july .
his ma also made a very good vegetable soup .
meat was actually his favorite food , but he loved vegetables also .
there were even enough vegetables left over that he would have to make a second trip .
he knew how to care for animals , and grow his own vegetables .
my dear miss lovington , i was not prepared ... that is , i suppose you must be fond of certain vegetables .
as the chicken and vegetables sizzled , tatum carefully set the table with her best table - cloth , candles , and wine glasses for the non - alcoholic spritzer she had purchased .
the dream of a nice house on small acreage with room for a horse or two and a small garden of flowers and vegetables for her to plant and take care off .
as he progressed working his way back towards kokusai dori , he realized that here almost any kind of food you would want from fresh vegetables , and pork , to canned sardines , canned hams and military c - rations could be bought .
` ` i made some tempura sauce and have shrimp , fish and vegetables .
they were busy enough for conversation to be minimal anyway , pickling vegetables for the coming winter months and drying and storing the herbs they would need to cope with the ailments that came along with the cold weather .
there was a small front yard where they were growing vegetables .
madans assistant anil was chopping vegetables .
the kitchen below the vandercamp party resembled a war zone , except instead of human casualties , the pheasant , quail , vegetables , and fruit succumbed to the kitchen warriors assorted knives , forks , tenderizers , and spoons .
the wait staff ran through the kitchen , picking up the plates , decorated with fish , fowl , vegetables , and garnishes430 works of art .
when he arrived home mary was in the back chopping vegetables and throwing them into the pot on the range .
fanny , elsie and beth clapped their hands at the mention of apple crumble and archie and joe echoed the same response : you ll have to finish your vegetables first , to which all three crinkled up their noses .
there were fruit trees , a big vegetable garden , a huge chicken run and a cow that had a long strip of land fenced off for her that ran the full length of the section .
the floor of the coach was littered with rotting vegetable scraps and eggs .
there were many more women , all armed with sticks , placards and rotten vegetables .
his mother had a horror of tornadoes and she needed a place to store fruits and vegetables .
cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him .
cook swept the chopped meat and vegetables into his pot .
vegetable carts stopped alongside manicured lawns .
big yellow bins full of cucumbers and leafy greens and turnips and radishes and just about every vegetable you can imagine .
a small vegetable garden occupied an area off to the right of the house , where it had a nice combination of sun and shade from a large oak tree that stood sentinel along the edge of the patch .
each person took a tortilla , scooped meat and vegetables into it with a spoon , and ate the wrapped package with bare fingers .
she set the plate of tortillas , the platter of meat , and the bowl of grilled vegetables on the table .
jude observed them without comment as they each took a tortilla and filled it with meat and vegetables before eating with their bare hands .
then , he asked , what is this vegetable ?
jude roused himself slightly and glanced toward the tortillas , the meat , and the bowl of grilled vegetables .
they grow and fruit quickly and are among the earliest vegetables to be picked each year .
it was a delicious meal of roast beef and fresh garden vegetables , and for a few minutes everybody ate with relish .
after the evening meal , which consisted of more mutton and bread that was tarted up with gravy and a few vegetables , they had to clean their weapons and equipment by lamplight .
how about beefsteak with dumplings , gravy , and fresh vegetables for dinner ? '
' beefsteak and fresh vegetables ? '
some sell tobacco , others peddle fruit ; still others are plying small selections of vegetables .
luke suggests they wait out the winter , when the spring thaw arrives they will prepare enough land to plant vegetables , corn and enough hay for horse feed .
it was time to get the garden plowed and early vegetables such as cabbage , onions and broccoli planted .
most times i get paid with a chicken , some eggs or a few vegetables .
we must dry what vegetables and fruit we can ; we need to kill the game and cure it and make jerky .
since spring , a large garden of vegetables has been planted , the orchard is pruned and fertilized with manure from the stables ; fruit is hanging from the fruit trees in abundance .
when he reached mabel cain 's house , he crept in the back door , ate the plate of cold meat and vegetables she had left for him , and went into the front room to grab a few hours of sleep before dawn .
chapter thirteen though there were many other things about cornersville that ridge would be glad to leave behind him , he knew that when he was gone he would certainly miss the good meals he had enjoyed at mabel cain 's cafe after spoiling himself for more than two weeks on her thick steaks , generous portions of fresh vegetables , and smooth , rich coffee , it would be a chore returning to the beans , bacon , and hardtack of the trail .
i was happy to see fresh rolls and several can - loads of vegetables and overjoyed when the meat served was some kind of fowl , not yet more buffalo .
the boys had their ideas ( chocolate seemed to be the organizing principle ) , and nicole had her ideas ( largely centered on vegetables ) .
the gypsies often sell information to the aussies who give them canned meat and vegetables .
jordan tried different vegetable matter , leaves , flowers , stalks and roots , never quite sure when he was betting his life on something really dangerous .
we , rice and leafy vegetables .
bringing water from the creek some 60 yards away , jordan thought to erect a water channel to lead clean water right into camp , much like what he had built back home for his moms vegetable garden .
hideki seemed no less affected but he waited patiently , in the meantime using a giant clam shell as a pot in which to cook roots and vegetables , by placing heated stones into the brew .
with gestures jordan was invited ashore to join around the fire where he was given seasoned crab meat and a bowl of vegetables .
selling vegetables to foreigners .
she was small and made to work in the kitchen , scrubbing cookware and cutting vegetables .
he was digging in the far end of what had been a vegetable patch , when a shadow fell on him .
there was plenty of wild fruit to be found and roots and vegetables .
leonardo had to sleep outside in our vegetable shack where we put whatever food we could grow on the miniscule piece of arid land that don clemencio rented to us .
later that evening , when my father had gone to bed and leonardo went outside to the vegetable shack , i wondered what it would be like to be an orphan .
i d peek out the window and find him returning from somewhere and going into the vegetable shack .
chapter 38 : valentina when we went back to my parents home , leonardo and i decided to spend our nights in the vegetable shack that had been his place for so long now .
one very moonlit night as the beams of the full round moon came through the tiny glass - free window in the vegetable shack , leonardo turned to me .
chapter 40 : valentina i tried to make the vegetable shack as livable as possible .
i m fine in the vegetable shack .
after having dinner , pinto beans and some green salsathat was all we had , leonardo and i went to the vegetable shack .
instead , i felt at homeback in our vegetable shack instead of in the middle of a war .
they had some stews that combined both vegetables and game , but i think we wo nt see them in our local restaurants .
the sense of anguish is too much and i look at the pots and pans lining the shelves on the wall , the scrubbed vegetables on the table , the cauldron in the hearth .
i remember the day i walked the dirt - road lanes of salem town with my father , past the wooden houses with their thatched roofs and vegetable gardens , past the artisans at work in their shops , past the horses and cows grazing languidly on the common , around the meetinghouse where we held church and town meetings .
she hoped no one looked in there since she was nt sure how to explain the donated blood in the vegetable drawer .
life was better here than in louisiana , hannibal said , because william rarely beat his slaves , the cabins in the slave quarters were tight and warm in winter , and they ate better william gave them allotments of beef or pork every week and they were able to have their own vegetable plots .
their evening meal was long since over , and mollie and the children were already in bed , but arethia had kept a plate of fried pork , potatoes , stewed apples , and vegetables warm in the oven for her husband .
his folks sent him in to town one saturday with a load of vegetables to sell , and he was still selling things eighteen years later .
one was growing late autumn and early spring vegetables .
his attempts to ship turkish produce to cairo had failed as the vegetables and fruits spoiled and nuts grew rancid in the heat during the journey up the nile .
unrestrained , pigs ate any vegetables that were planted .
during the last dinner of flatbread , chicken , and vegetable curry , benjamin reluctantly acquiesced .
benjamin brought two chickens that ronis mother transformed into the main course of a feast that included rice and three vegetable curries .
the british east india company used the english victories to establish the export of opium and cotton from india ; vegetables and fruits from southeast asia ; and clocks , watches , silver , and music boxes from england to china in trade for teas , silk , spices , leather , and bamboo .
they fill them full of chicken , vegetables , pork , or beef .
the aged warrior said some giants , few in number , still live in the caves and are spotted only when they climb out to hunt game and forage for wild vegetables and fruits , of which a myriad exist in our fair state .
local people take honors at county fair by audrey hackenheimer once again our area ladies proved to be master of the kitchen as evidenced by the following awards they received : boysenberry preserves : blue ribbon , gladys lucheece ; red ribbon , marge uley ; honorable mention , gertrude efton rhubarb preserves : br , jane driscoll ; rr , audry lundquist ; hm , selma murchenson strawberry preserves : br , bertha glockenspieler ; rr , christine steinway ; hm , laura olson apple pie : dorothy strobel ; rr , eloise mitchell ; hm , freda evansdale blackberry pie : br , alice montgomery , rr , sal dolby , hm , beth hanson cherry pie : br , thelma winkler ; rr , dorothy lintzner ; hm , mary vick pumpkin pie : br , nancy dreyfus ; rr , selma metz ; hm , francine hoff rhubarb pie : br , paula katz ; rr , trudie petlowe , hm , lacy dillard due to space constraints , winners in the bread , cake , cookie , muffin , jam , jelly , beer , wine , fried chicken , ham , sausage , bacon , pork chop , relish , canned vegetables , canned fruits , and other such categories will be announced in next weeks paper to leave room for this weeks recipe : maple walnut raisin molasses cookies by gertrude sweeney ingredients : 6 cups sifted flour 1 pound butter cup maple syrup 2 cups finely crushed walnuts 2 cups finely chopped raisins cup molasses 2 cups firmly packed sugar 4 whole eggs tsp baking soda preparation : preheat oven with roaring fire first .
instead of his favorite meal , benjamin settled for a kabob of lamb and vegetables .
sure enough a plate of roast lamb and vegetables was waiting for her and , as she ate it , she chatted with her gran , bubbling with excitement , telling her all the stories of the night .
taking the odd wager , digging up a few stray vegetables when plot - owners were nt looking and selling them , that sort of thing .
the funny thing is , said the older woman , drying her sinewy hands and walking around the table to where sarah was cutting up some vegetables , and you might find this somewhat surprising , but even though getting a man into a bed is one of my specialities , i was not talking about the you - know on this occasion !
in the centre of a large table was the most astonishing collection of food he had seen - plates of meats , fowl , vegetables , fruit .
the dirt road winds between palm trees , banana groves , and wonderful vegetable gardens .
there were some things that he had seen before including several kinds of vegetables , corn , beans and orchards of apples , peaches and plums .
she carried a tray with sugar and cream and a dish of several varieties of fried vegetables .
he was never particularly fond of vegetables but the way they fried them made them a real treat .
also , there re potatoes , yams and other vegetables in those sheds behind the barns .
chapter 8 buster gets a tour later that morning he had buster put on his new clothes including a big hat and the two of them ventured outside and dillon introduced buster to jack who was dying to tell the boss that he had talked to several of the field workers and by now they had all heard the message and he told dillon that they were very happy that they could have fruits and vegetables for the winter .
you can keep a cow , or goats , or grow vegetables , so you 'll have a trade .
they took her to see the vegetable gardens , as if she 'd never seen one before ; the goat pens , the temple of the consenting gods , the classrooms , the grove .
tanaquil had let the vegetable gardens return to grass ; she was n't here often enough to justify the work that was needed .
food - booths sold pickled herring and salt - milk and dried eels and cheese and smoked fish and root - vegetables and dried meats and barley and dried fruit .
dried vegetables in pots were also added , along with sacks of flour milled on the villa .
it was as if the kitchen , filled with the hiss of fat dripping off the roast in the oven , the gentle bubbling of soup stock , the steady click , click , click of wong 's vegetable knife , contained the only sounds of life in the place .
i will gladly chop up every vegetable we have in the house if it would mean i could sit down for a while .
annie , who had been chopping vegetables , waited until cartier was out the door , and then she ran over to wong .
wong , who was simultaneously stirring a thin consomm , deboning some trout , and washing vegetables , had merely nodded when annie told him samuels appeared to be staying for dinner .
such are arsenic and various other poisons , both mineral and vegetable , which it is unnecessary to specify .
at least here we have fresh air , fresh vegetables , and the most beautiful women in all of italy .
` ` ever since the war started , the fresh vegetables have been pretty scarce .
farm carts came in with eggs and vegetables , sheep and cows were driven down high street to market , and people went to see their friends and relatives in villages round about .
smoke drifted in a slow spiral upwards from the center of the roof , a small vegetable garden , protected by a brush wall from rooting animals , looked freshly planted and a pair of goats grazed lazily on a small patch of grass near the stable .
by noon , the pantry had been invaded and two small crates of fresh garden vegetables sat at the ready .
theys plenty to be done , pickin the vegetables out back .
throwd in some vegetables and made soup .
everyone had been busy with storing winter vegetables .
she saw cecelia watching her and picked up her spoon and ate the soup that was more water than vegetables .
she peeled vegetables , cried when she saw cjs doll , and prayed for her beloved captain wyatt .
she knew how and where to plant vegetables and herbs so they flourished .
there was a sudden , unannounced flurry of activity as people realized it was time to feast and they began to pile lengths of sausages and slabs of dried meats on tables , followed by freshly baked loaves of dark bread and huge wheels of cheese and pickled vegetables .
tom cut the roast and grace finished with the gravy and steamed vegetables .
i passed my vegetable patch .
but , that did nt affect my enjoyment of the salt beef , root vegetables , and split - pea pudding meal .
we drove past the roadside vegetable gardens and log piles , where people cut and cured their winter fuel .
i was having to really focus as i chopped the vegetables .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
luke was in the kitchen watching the vegetables in the padres ' vast garden when he realized he missed jan .
lisa emptied a bag of frozen vegetables into a colander and turned on the sink faucet .
lisa eyed him as she defrosted the vegetables with hot water .
in lieu of flowers , the padreses kept their backyards rife with fresh vegetables , growing only plants that did n't reach higher than a foot .
that s what you did with vegetables , right ?
but i ai nt a vegetable yet .
maybe if i crap myself they ll just put me in the special wing with the crazies and the vegetables .
there were no sides , no baked potatoes or vegetables just a large bloody steak .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
if you fail , you live as a drooling vegetable .
a good bit of the food i had packed consisted of dry goods with canned items relegated to meats and vegetables .
she gazed into the canned goods room and took notice of all the mason jars and antique cans of vegetables that were perhaps 50 or more years old .
i ' m throwing out all the canned vegetables from the 1950 ; i ' m throwing out the huge jar of whatever that oily stuff is ; and i ' m selling all those antique tools in the basement . ''
while most might give in to temptation at night , stephanie religiously ate grilled chicken stir - fry with vegetables for dinner .
they were truly amazing as the salesperson sliced through wood , vegetable cans and bones .
being that it was the all - you - can - eat luncheon buffet , he continuously stacked up 2 plates 3 plates 4 plates even 5 plates of food ; each one being a mixtures of heavy meats , pastas with rich sauce and vegetables such as sweetened yams or sauerkraut soaked in bacon grease .
then he embraced the garbage bags against his bare chest while breathing in the scent of rotting meat , rotting vegetables and used coffee grounds .
i could easily imagine elsie walking through a garden with her shawl pulled across her shoulders berating me for the weeds i d allowed to grow between the vegetables .
think of your dinner , meager though it was ; was it not meat and vegetables , things that once lived ?
he stood over the fallen zombie and smashed its head with one of his giant cans of vegetables .
he looked as if he liked vegetables , i put a lot of them in his sack .
she explained how they grew hardy vegetables and told me which grew best and why , i paid no attention .
with the exception of a couple of beers , an old tub of margarine , and some old vegetables rotting in the bottom drawer , the fridge was empty .
they checked the kitchen where they found an assortment of old , expired boring food itemscanned vegetables from bottom rung independent processorsthat were scattered in cupboards , on counters and in the refrigerator , where it had carried a bowl of rotted fruit , gallons of month - old milk , and a pile of condiment packets from various fast food restaurants .
tenjack tended the goat , the chickens , and the farm , several small vegetable gardens he had planted in fertile locations with unblocked exposure to the southern sky .
in the meantime , we ve just been planting a large vegetable garden .
in stark contrast to the delicious smelling food that is laid out on the table , my plate consists of a mixture of fruits and vegetables .
their nourishment consisted entirely of the vegetables of their garden and the milk of one cow , which gave very little during the winter , when its mistresses could scarcely procure food to support it .
i could feel my mouth salivating as i looked down at the rich chicken and vegetable soup swimming in my bowl .
the vegetables would keep a bit longer .
` ` he taught us how to convert a diesel engine to run off vegetable oil . ''
this black - soil former wetland was capable of growing truck vegetables such as potatoes , cabbages and onions .
its all vegetables now , cabbages and onions and stuff .
in addition to the copious amount of spirits up for sale , there was a wide variety of other wares such as jewelry , clothing , and various exotic fruits and vegetables , some of which brice was entirely unfamiliar with , having most likely been acquired from the outland fringe or even deep within the uncharted lands .
while he spoke , a pile of steaming meat surrounded in vegetables was deposited on their table .
the dish their offer was constituted by a nourishing soup of vegetables and vegetables .
the dish their offer was constituted by a nourishing soup of vegetables and vegetables .
next shelf down beside the tomato juice lay a dented pack of cigarettes , like some forgotten alien vegetable .
especially not while operating using a knife and a vegetable peeler .
he rhapsodized about her roasts and vegetables before composing whole sonnets about her pastries and desserts .
it was weak , and the vegetables were sparse , but broth was hot and she thought it might be good for a young stomach .
daniel held up the filthy vegetables and frowned at them .
it was filled with the rich , smoky scent of roasting meat , the fragrant bouquet of stewing vegetables and the thick , pillowy aroma of baked bread .
fergus brought in steaming bowls of vegetable stew and then plates of thick , fatty steaks .
fergus chopped vegetables into rough chunks for another tray .
glancing smiles at daniel , fergus put his tray of chopped vegetables into the oven under the bones , wiped the butcher block with a dirty rag and then brought down some jars and a few big bowls .
margot , a basket of vegetables on her hip , asked andalynn to take the extra bed in sarahs room .
gray and salty clumps sat on their plates , some of it indiscernible as animal or vegetable .
he pulled out cartons of canned meat , vegetables , and fruit , but only to peer behind them .
the tv in the waiting room only showed a repeating cartoon red heart preaching about the importance of regular exercise and eating lots of fruits and vegetables every day .
with winter looming , i had vegetables to can and freeze , apples to store and wood to cut .
with sunset smearing reds and purples to the wisps of low clouds , father koen was outside with a hibachi , grilling meats and vegetables .
she gestured to the assortment of sandwiches , vegetables , soups , and bottled drinks .
like most people of her generation , she had an entire cellar full of canned vegetables from her garden .
three deer stood in my garden neatly pruning every last shoot of a vegetable that had come up in the last week , their ability to jump the fence giving them the edge over the nevermores who also wanted in .
with it , came the rotten stink of vegetables she had been keeping at bay with the cross breeze .
she sniffed the air and smelled rotting vegetables and a thick , tongue - coating musk .
he twirled the red vegetable in circles on his plate , seemingly fascinated that the colour was right , but there was no -soaked sustenance within .
steak , potatoes and one choice of vegetable .
this was the cause of the fatal blockage that should have left him asleep in the eternal embrace of bacon flavoured vegetables .
i d never pull an all - nighter without serious compensation , but these salary - earning bastards are doing it so often that they re turning into vegetables .
ravensmore has gardens , both flowers and edible things such as vegetables , fruits and herbs .
ruth had planted rose bushes and grew vegetables in the back .
if it was nt for the smellan overtaxed refrigeration unit , fresh and rotting vegetables and fruits , the grease that coated every square inch of the store , and of course the mildew of refrigeration moistened cardboard boxesshe would enjoy the temperature dip .
there was a whole shelf of foodreal food : vegetables , steaks , cheeses , and even some fruitright in the middle of all the frosty bottles of beer .
usually , the dilapidated old wagon was heavily laden with vegetables , especially potatoes .
the first time he delivered vegetables to the manor , sofia was n't sure he was going to stop at all , just make a fast turn and slide all the produce out on to the ground .
he had taken care of several minor things for sofia including a brief , wet trip into town for necessary vegetables and fixed a stuck wardrobe door for theresa donavan .
mrs . paterson made the remark that the vegetables they bring are considerably better than what joseph gibson ' '' ` ` oh my ! ''
` ` ' the vegetables they bring are considerably better than what joseph gibson brings to us .
` ` ' an interesting addition to the joseph gibson situation , or as mrs . paterson refers to it , her vegetable saga : ` ` ' charlie mcwilliams went into town this morning for some produce .
` ` ' charlie has returned to us this morning with a magnificent wagon full of the best vegetables yet and also a bushel of strawberries which mrs . paterson promises to convert into her delicious pie .
` ` i used some of the vegetables i had stocked .
for all angelo knew , bianca may very well be far beyond that critical threshold in which case the girl would be a complete vegetable and better off dead .
he was holding out a plate of vegetables and fruits .
we 'd planted vegetables in the garden , we 'd turned the house into a castle , we scavenged , we inventoried , we decapitated and we survived .
we moved slowly to the vegetable patch , i felt squashed tomatoes as my fingers grazed the ground .
though my mind had entertained such thoughts more than once they were far from a reality , the remainder of the robinson larder as well as the bounty of our vegetable patches were in the back of the landrover , i would eat rat one day maybe , but i would be much closer to death than i was today .
she then opened a few cans of vegetables , stirred them in , and then carried the pot over to hang above the fire .
em hurried to the kitchen and came back with a bowl of the chicken and vegetables .
she smelled the putrid scent of cooked chicken and vegetables .
they could nt digest vegetable matter .
the roast tenderloin and vegetable medley had been fantastic , as much as i hated to admit it .
this larger system would process the leftover food particles into fertilizer for fields of vegetables .
on a cold dark winters night , a speeding truck , driven by a driver half asleep and wanting to finish his shift and get back home as quick as possible , racing to make a last delivery to the tremwell supermarket so that the daily shoppers would have their fruit and vegetables first thing this morning , just was n't quick enough to slam on his brakes in time as a young lad stepped out into the intense bright light .
` ` quite you idiots , thinking as if it 's a vegetable market , and you all are the vendors , shouting vegetable , vegetable . ''
` ` quite you idiots , thinking as if it 's a vegetable market , and you all are the vendors , shouting vegetable , vegetable . ''
he added his noodles to the broth , and vegetables , carrots , peas , and celery .
the detective staggered backward bringing down a metal rack of canned vegetables .
he would start to cook some vegetable and then realize that his kitchen was missing some of the basic ingredients like salt , pepper , or oil .
the reaper gave llorona a quick glance and went to working on a tray of rotting vegetable appetizers .
there were plenty of canned vegetables from beckas garden and ample dried food from their last run to walmart .
we grew organic vegetables and did nt eat meat and did nt have a tv or a computer .
having always grown vegetables , in addition to his marijuana , he 'd gotten used to the occasional rabbit intrusion .
the rabbits stopped chewing on the remaining vegetables and marijuana plants as they sensed the mad men coming closer .
the birthday boy giggled and obliged his big sister by steering the robot toward the far side of the backyard , where they 'd grown vegetables during the summer .
there on the bed lay the lifeless body of not only the girl 's mother , but a best friend who kept paulette living and feeling like a real person in all those years existing as a vegetable .
amber called back from across the family room , ` ` sorry , but i did n't make a vegetable . ''
there are veal roulades stuffed with fruits and vegetables .
do you have vegetables , maybe some potatoes to go along with it ?
then she dumped a frozen bag of mixed vegetables in a plastic bowl and microwaved them .
next to it sat a covered , plastic bowl of mixed vegetables .
they had a world of supplies to choose from and it would be best to use the vegetables before they went south with the fruit .
but it had been worth the effort , or it would be in a few more weeks when the vegetables , peas , green beans , carrots , a few watermelon , and tomatoes , started to ripen .
the vegetables were all canned , but the meat and potatoes were fresh .
it was his ninth day on a fruit and vegetable juice fast , and he knew that for each day on a juice fast , he became one month younger , biologically .
sven whirled , feeling air rip its way into his lungs , and then he saw milt , standing before a vegetable refrigerator , glaring in their direction .
she raised it , obviously setting her sights on milt , who shrank back into the vegetables , his face a mask of outrage .
milt raised himself onto his hands and knees , blubbering something about a fear of vegetables .
the skin of the vegans face and scalp felt tight , and the vegan detected the sharp , distinct odor of pickled vegetables .
` ` sar says vegetables will grow here . ''
` ` he says this summer we 'll have vegetables to eat . ''
sar showed him vegetables were growing .
he brought those great tasting vegetables to the camp the next summer .
we could n't understand a fucking word he said but you understood him some and translated some of his vegetable and dirt talk .
seth could n't explainnobody couldhow he had grown vegetables in the clearing without seeds .
we think maybe he smuggled in some seeds and he grew some vegetables the first year we were on the island together . ''
he brought me some vegetables grown in the clearing .
` ` he thought if he found another clearing he could grow even more vegetables for all of us . ''
we would have no more vegetables in this location . ''
` ` i do n't see any more vegetables , '' torque said .
no more vegetables ever grew here again .
nick looked over his shoulder at the rest of the bar ; it was still too early for anyone else to begin filtering in for the happy hour buffet of deep - fried , batter - dipped vegetables and greasy pizza .
no , what he thought of was a savoury lamb stew , gravy - rich and full of vegetables .
soft , tasty vegetables .
she and george sat there in tom mccourt 's backyard garden , eating vegetables , and for some reason the name of one of his favorite paintings popped into clay 's mind : the peaceable kingdom .
a group of four went past in the street itself , marching over a sprawl of bodies and a litter of discarded food , which included the leg of lamb , now gnawed down to the bone , a great many torn - open cellophane bags and cardboard boxes , and a scattering of discarded fruits and vegetables .
one was that the road - litter here - torn bags , half - eaten vegetables , gnawed bones - was especially heavy , and that most of it turned in at the gravel academy drive .
something else rose , as well : a sallow smell of dirt and rotting vegetables , with a thicker odor of human waste and putrefaction lingering just beneath .
he told them the head had called the little vegetable patch his ` ` victory garden , '' although he had never told jordan why .
he thought briefly of old turnips in his father 's basement vegetable bin , and his nose wrinkled .
the shower curtain was now a solid red - gold instead of filmy blue ; most of it had been tom off the rings ( which had grown their own vegetable beards ) and lay in the tub .
at the same time i smelled something , very strong : seawater and decayed vegetable matter .
i saw smoke starting to rise up from where the thing had him , and a moment later i could smell burning fur as well as rotting vegetables and seawater .
the dog , on the other band , was just a spur - of - the - moment buy at a roadside vegetable stand in harlow .
even pete , who had never met a green vegetable he liked ( except for frozen birds eye peas nuked in the microwave ) , ate fiddleheads .
` ` which means that what the spiritualists refer to as ectoplasm is derived almost entirely from the medium 's body , the remainder being admixtures from the air and the medium 's costume - fibrous vegetable remains , bacterial spores , starch grains , food and dust particles , et cetera .
he eyed the lamb chops and vegetables on his plate and sighed .
that was silly , of course , his father said so and his mother said so and , even more important , bill said so , but still - he did not even like opening the door to flick on the light because he always had the idea - this was so exquisitely stupid he did n't dare tell anyone - that while he was feeling for the light switch , some horrible clawed paw would settle lightly over his wrist ... and then jerk him down into the darkness that smelled of dirt and wet and dim rotted vegetables .
smells of dirt and wet and long - gone vegetables would merge into one unmistakable ineluctable smell , the smell of the monster , the apotheosis of all monsters .
five miles up , if time or tornado has not carried it away in the intervening years , will be the rhulin farms , where his mother bought all of their eggs and most of their vegetables .
maybe , .richie thought , an engineer used to live there , a bachelor with no pants but jeans and lots of those gloves with the big stiff cuffs and four or five pillowtick caps - a fellow who would come home once or twice a month for stretches of three or four days and listen to the radio while he pottered in the garden ; a fellow who would eat mostly fried foods ( and no vegetables , although he would grow them for his friends ) and who would , on windy nights , think about the girl he left behind .
there were vegetables floating in it .
an almost vicious smell of dampness and rotting vegetables rose from the dark .
all of them had been old and sick except mrs simeaux , and she must have been nothing but a vegetable when she came in .
she carried him down and into a thickening smell of old stone and wood and flood and rotting vegetables .
to the right was a small garden from which all the vegetables , with the exception of a few puny pumpkins , had been harvested .
she sent me down there for vegetables in the winter .
the smell was a secret , dark effluvium composed of living things and earth and stored vegetables , a smell remarkably like that of a woman 's private parts .
mrs . hollis refused to set foot in it , and it was against her husband 's dignity to go down and fetch up vegetables .
andy walked with his shoulders squared and his step was always light , as if he was heading home to a good home - cooked meal and a good woman instead of to a tasteless mess of soggy vegetables , lumpy mashed potato , and a slice or two of that fatty , gristly stuff most of the cons called mystery meat ... that , and a picture of raquel welch on the wall .
eva had spent most of september in a steamy kitchen , toiling over her canning operations , blanching vegetables and putting them up , putting paraffin plugs in the tops of ball jars to cover homemade jelly .
` ` we got a cold - pantry , a walk - in freezer , all sorts of vegetable bins , and two refrigerators .
mrs . hallorann 's third son , dick , dressed in his cook 's whites , a lucky strike parked in the corner of his mouth , backed his reclaimed cadillac limo out of its space behind the one - a wholesale vegetable mart and drove slowly around the building .
for the last half hour he had been in a fruit and vegetable market .
three shopping sacks filled with bermuda onions , the sweetest vegetable a loving god ever created , some pretty good sweet peas , which would be served with the entree and come back uneaten nine times out of ten , and a single blue hubbard squash that was strictly for personal consumption .
i thought you were buying vegetables . ''
he took it up to the aandp and filled it with canned meat , fruit , and vegetables .
frowning a little , ralph did so : ` ` what do you like to eat that comes in a bowl with meat and vegetables and gravy ? ''
she could smell madness like dead vegetables in a dark cellar .
stu ate carefully , sticking to the vegetables , watering the concentrates enough to make a thin gruel .
there was a pot of campbell 's vegetable soup hanging over the fire , just coming to a simmer .
the cupboards were nearly the size of vegetable bins .
anders gave them thick sweet slices of bread clearly made from the grain growing around the depot , kebabs of tender sections of meat and plump juicy unfamiliar vegetables , a spicy pink juice that jack for some reason thought of as papaya though he knew it was not .
we buy fresh stuff at their vegetable stand all the time .
he supposed a joke like that was in pretty poor taste , but when you 'd had a heart attack and wound up in intensive care sharing a room with a human vegetable , you either learned a little black humor or you went crazy .
johnny smith had never been a vegetable ; his eeg had never gone flat - line , and if it had , brown would not be talking with him now .
how long can we keep this comatose man from turning into a total vegetable ?
steff was standing on the cement path which leads to the vegetable patch at the extreme west end of , our property .
` ` we ought to go back to the fruits and vegetables , '' i said .
we worked our way back to the fruits and vegetables like salmon fighting their way upstream .
what keeps getting in the way is my last memory of her , wearing her floppy sunhat and gardening gloves , on her way to our little vegetable patch with the mist rolling inexorably across the lake behind her .
she told him if he got home before she did , he should warm up the meatloaf and make himself some of those stir - fried vegetables that he liked ; there were six or seven packages in the freezer .
bobbi was growing a garden full of huge plants , but the vegetables were inedible ... perhaps even poisonous .
' bring me a bunch of vegetables .
raw , leafy vegetables . '
' madame wants a sal c ' ' madame wants a bunch of raw , leafy vegetables .
maybe he 'd find some still - frozen fruit or vegetables .
like it 's coming through the cottontails of all the bunny rabbits in all the vegetable patches in the world .
he leads them through a door and past a large courtyard where other residents of the mission are tending to a large vegetable garden .
food is served - a stew of vegetables and beans , brick - ovenbaked bread , water sweetened with cactus nectar .
the cheddar was evolving nicely into blue cheese and something revolting had happened to the tomatoes in the vegetable compartment .
once you ve got the whole of space looking down on the earth as your kingdom , you can lay h - bombs and shoot death - rays over whichever animal , vegetable or mineral do nt conform to your view on how things ought to be done .
it had a stand of trees , an overgrown field , and a section near the house cultivated as a vegetable patch .
inside , was a bucket of water , a horse 's trough full of vegetables and a big baby wrapped in furs .
its mostly vegetables for the dining hall , but there re some flowers there also .
at this point , i had prepared all the vegetables for the salad bar while flo and junior junior got the pizzas , burgers , frankfurters , and side dishes ready for the hot food bar .
i stifled a couple of chuckles as i passed by junior junior heading for my important appointment at the vegetable crisper .
i doubted you could grow vegetables either if the ground stayed frozen .
he turned round and went back to the buffet , picking up a plate , adding some vegetables , and returning to the table .
she then tucked in without further ado , starting on the potato mash mixed with sweet vegetables .
the sound of chopping was pleasant though i found myself wanting to chop something other then vegetables after a few moments .
mrs appleton had lived off the land and grown beautiful flowers along with vegetables and had planted a fine stand of native trees .
councillor shufflegrub had in his wisdom bulldozed away all the flowers and vegetables that mrs appleton had planted , and sewn grass .
i had stuffed myself stupid with a pile of roast turkey , roast potatoes , vegetables , yorkshire puddings , sweets , chocolates , crisps , crackers , cheese and all the other festive yummies that one is allowed to selfishly indulge in over the christmas period .
after a time , he managed to save enough money to purchase a small piece of land which he grew some vegetables on .
this enabled him to put together a small stall from which to sell his fish and vegetables .
by the time i had arrived in 1997 , the land was in the tens of acres and comprised a large chicken farm , fruit and vegetable crops and a large family home which he built himself .
this is a not unlike tomatoes , not in taste , texture or fragrance even , but in that i do nt know whether its a fruit or a vegetable .
feasting on a huge array of the most deliciously seasoned meats , stewed and curried vegetables , hot and twangy sauces , flat roti breads and beef patties , food that tore apart the very virginity of my tongue , all of which i owe a big thank you saddiks family and to jamaica for .
she was beautiful , but her breath got so bad after a couple of those , like rotting vegetables on a tar beach , that i could nt even kiss her .
our fruits and vegetables are the freshest in the business cause they are handpicked daily by our employees and our prices are lower than a man sneaking across the border .
even eating all natural vegetables wo n't save me .
even staying away from everyday vegetables does n't save her .
do nt eat anything but organic vegetables , you know , nature .
after her refrigerator had been emptied of all the delicious treats and filled with all the icky organic crappy vegetables , she would be eating for the month , she watched the paladin leave to her living room .
she has ten pieces of fruits and vegetables , make sure she eats no more than one an hour , she has to keep her strength up but must learn to endure .
you should eat more fruits and vegetables now , too much protein is still dangerous right- knock it off or i will throw you out your own window , shari threatened him .
chapter 29 : upset tummy there are fruits , vegetables , and water in the fridge , shari noted as she checked out their new residence .
we could use some fresher vegetables to replace the moldy and fungus ones , but zeke is getting that taken care of .
hopefully he managed to get some fresh vegetables and fruits .
they had a purpose , it seemed , an objective , be it groceries or friends , other people of their acquaintance or vegetables with whom to share a few pre - digestive hours , an intimacy of preparation to be experienced by vanessas girl - friend , her marriage following a recipe card .
he d search for patterns , desiring to know the route of each alcohol - fuelled craving , the identity and condition of the person or persons who had traded money for mouthfuls of stringy parmesan and defrosted vegetables , the speed and accuracy of the eating and the time it took for the reverse procedure .
they were sentries , guardians of a vegetable demesne he wished to access .
animal and vegetable , the smells crowded him like penitents , each with his or her story , a point of incidence or origin , a conglomerate of airborne desires , emotions that had a common core .
sustenance from enlightenment from meditation from a vegetable diet .
the only occasion when emma got anywhere near it was when she brought me her vegan vegetable soup during one of my rare flus , which was really the only time i d ever allowed her to enter my residence , because there was nt anybody else available to pick up the soup and some analgesic at the chemist for me .
everyone else : a starchy , carrot - shaped vegetable !
table of contents chapter 1 how mitch was hoodwinked into becoming sheriff chapter 2 how mitch faced down bad bart and got the name itchy chapter 3 how mitch handled big tom and the knife man chapter 4 how a flower turned the saloon into a school chapter 5 how mitch got rid of the lazy , good - for - nothing loafers chapter 6 how some bank robbers got stung for their crimes chapter 7 how some carrots stopped a range war chapter 8 how some garlic captured the cattle rustlers chapter 9 how the claim jumper was stopped by vegetable stew chapter 10 how mitch finally met his match chapter 11 how mitch arranged for the town to be safe while he was gone //// chapter 1 - how mitch was hoodwinked into becoming sheriff broken jaw junction was a quiet place .
i ve got some fresh vegetables !
you re going to give me vegetables before i carve you up ?
in a moment he reappeared with a large salad bowl , a cutting knife and the vegetables .
i remembered yesterday the many times i would go visit mitch back in west virginia , and watch as he sliced up vegetables from his garden .
he whistled merrily while harvesting a large quantity of cabbages , radishes and onions from his immaculate rows of vegetables .
they all knew that mitch was peculiar and had a strange fondness for vegetables and gardening , but they had never heard of a man actually admitting in a saloon that he drank carrot juice instead of alcohol .
some people said he must have finally cracked , or that mitch 's vegetables must have got to him .
//// chapter 9 - how the claim jumper was stopped by vegetable stew in spite of occasional problems with bank robbers , cattle rustlers , gunfighters , range wars and the ladies aid , the truth is that broken jaw junction was really a mining town .
he poured some water into the pot , then pulled out a large steak that he had gotten earlier from bomont 's ranch , followed by a number of vegetables and spices from other containers .
he carefully sliced the meat and vegetables into the pot and measured in the herbs and spices .
after that mitch stirred up a vegetable and beef stew to end all stews -- like this one -- and hooked that dog so bad on it that it would stay out of his garden ever after , and would do anything he asked if he just tapped on his stew pot . ''
and that is how sheriff mitch got rid of the claim jumper and gained three new pet dogs ( which were very afterward in helping him keep the peace in town ) with a pot of vegetable and beef stew .
with all the attention and love they were getting , mitch 's vegetables and judith mae 's flowers could n't help but grow and prosper .
this time he and his vegetables have to face rampaging indians , a smooth talking gambler , and the coming of the railroad .
i have chips and salsa , vegetables and dip , cheese and crackers , obviously .
the waiter arrived with a tray of marinated steak , korean ribs , shrimp , chicken and vegetables .
i hope you make something on your visit , rocco said , looking up from the vegetables he was chopping .
and there was another story about how some farmers markets , or roadside fruit and vegetable stands , will buy their produce at a grocery store and resell it , i continued , my voice pitchy and angry .
after a full day of scholarly pursuit he would tear back home and throw himself upon the rows of vegetables with a vengeance until it became too dark to see anymore .
i looked down at the single vegetable taco ( no cheese ) , about a teaspoon of rice , and three beans .
she gave the sixty or so feet to the ground another once over and decided that falling to her inevitable lengthy hospital stay of drinking pureed vegetable soup out of a straw and the uncomfortable silence during the daily sponge baths [ hospital sponge baths are not given by porn stars as a prerequisite for hot woman on woman sex as most popular movies lead us to believe and are often given by the one person who would make anyone go celibate ] was worth giving barnaby another few minutes .
and vegetables that are symmetrical .
the soup itself , whether meat or vegetable , shimmered in its folds .
jane had left him with bruises , almost symmetrical thumbprints and high - velocity vegetable echoes .
bandages , whiter than even the plastic bag , were wrapped round the skull of the other man , plucked like a root vegetable from the metal and glass growth medium of the delivery van .
and i also get 25 cents an hour picking vegetables at ramseys farm .
all i needed was mrs . ludwell , the cafeteria lady , who always wore a hairnet and carried a huge metal spoon solely for the purpose of banging it on our tables when we were too noisy or refused to eat our vegetables , to appear , and i d have sworn i was back at school .
our agreement was cleari do most of the vegetables and appetizers ; you take care of the meat and the potatoes .
i 'll throw the sauce on the beef , and you start on the vegetable tray .
you give each vegetable the shape of a different flower . ''
and ` ` how do you make those vegetables into those flowers ? ''
a seasoned salad and what looked like vegetable lasagna were teasing her nose with garlic and oregano .
` ` oh , mevrin just hates his vegetables .
each stall was a riot of colour : the vivid orange , yellow and green of fruit and vegetables , the pink and purple of t - shirts , baseball caps and socks , the black and brown of plastic sandals hanging from strings , the red and white of meat on slabs , the grey and blue of fish stuck in ice , and everywhere noise , overwhelming noise .
mother was still arguing with the fruit and vegetable seller , this time waving a cucumber under his nose .
i wish i could be void of all thought , like the vegetable so fortunately is .
lashing the beasts to an empty vegetable cart , he yelled at bugs to get in .
using the back alleys was not only more efficient ; it provided the elusive vegetable cart a bit more cover on its escape .
the main course consisted of a roasted pheasant , creamy mashed potatoes , boiled vegetables , and a strawberry cheesecake with ice cream on the side .
but something tells me those teeth are nt for eating vegetables .
once searched and cleared , he was led through the double doors and narrow hallway of the main building and then across the lawn of the courtyard with the pretty water feature and the lemon tree , to a single - storey study with a small vegetable patch at its front .
as he looked at his return - flight ticket , when his dinner of dry beef and soggy vegetables was completed and the airhostesses smiled as they closed the curtains by the window seats , he wondered if he would need a return flight at all .
sidestepping the server so that i stood across from oz moeziz , i picked up a slice of the sticky vegetable .
sure enough , a chemical transition had taken place during the hours of pleasure and darkness , one shifting my appearance from membership in a fruit basket to enrollment in the vegetable genus , specifically the radish family .
i mean , from him , you 'd be thinking he 'd talk about carrots or shallots or some other vegetables . ''
the height of our harrowing journey was reached ratcheting through an open - air bodega several city blocks long , featuring vendor after vendor selling fresh fruit and vegetables .
` ` those fresh vegetables were good for you .
the fed boys would become another weight to carry , another variable in the equation , another vegetable portion in a growing salad .
open air markets displayed fresh wares to a range of shoppers , young and old , eager to acquire the finest of vegetables , cheeses and meats .
the tiled floor , the rickety wooden table with three chairs around it , the raised level at the back with stacked tables , the counter with twenty sauces and a wide selection of green and blue and yellow vegetables .
he , erwan , had woken up one morning to find a huge crate of fruit and vegetables sitting on the countertop of the kitchen in the big pink house .
the main course disappeared down the folklore throat at about the same speed that the dog in the ' lassie ' advertisement devoured its chunky meat portions , including most of the contents of the communal vegetable bowls , and the peach melba was disposed of with such alacrity that he doubted whether it could have touched the sides of his gullet on the way down .
cats do nt eat dead cats or cat shit or fertilized vegetables , so how do toxo babies get back into a cat ?
add salt and pepper to taste , and once the vegetables have softened , add the milk , and stop just before it boils .
they went through the aisles , picking up meats , vegetables , cereals , drinks , and cooking ingredients .
they gathered around the table , ken pulled the large orange vegetable out of a paper bag on the floor and set it on the table .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
i saw him approaching the comestibles : the cheeses , the vegetables , the pies , the tarts , the sausages , the breads .
idris was convinced she had seen a ghost and shouted ectoplasm , at the same time making a madcap dash out of the house , across the vegetable patch and into the garden shed , where she hid under an old carpet and refused to come out for two days .
even now , if i hear with a song in my heart , the programmes theme tune , i can still see a plate of soggy vegetables and a half cooked lump of cartilaginous pork hiding beneath a cold gelatinous slab of thick brown gravy .
they gave her a light plate with grilled vegetables and mineral water , before leading clarity to her bed .
god it was dark , and the fish were nt taken by his bony fingers cunning little devils pop them on the end of my fork with some chromolavagically correct vegetable , like a carrot , if you happened to be a yellow fish or perhaps a green one would be more complementary and more vegetable - like .
god it was dark , and the fish were nt taken by his bony fingers cunning little devils pop them on the end of my fork with some chromolavagically correct vegetable , like a carrot , if you happened to be a yellow fish or perhaps a green one would be more complementary and more vegetable - like .
we all live in elizabethan times , said barney , and frankly , if big companies can get away with telling people that mixing petroleum jelly and cucumber is good for eyelids , and that bits of broken nutshell mixed with vegetable oil and lard is a great body conditioner , i ca nt see the problem .
every mention of the ' wizard 's tower over there had gotten chuckles from everyone in town when i pointed out my destination ... once as i clambered over a vegetable sellers stall that i could n't avoid .
it was good for his vegetables , the semi - magical properties of which were important ingredients in the special version of the soft drink beat down , which sponsored all of his matches .
back at his house , russell had a nice cup of lady grey tea with a couple of digestive biscuits , munched down a few cucumbers from his own vegetable garden and relaxed for a while , recovering his strength .
i m concerned , russell said , sitting down and waiting for rip to pass him a paper plate of grilled vegetables .
episode 2 the heist available now russell , having only recently handed out a good beat down to kurt sniveller , returns home from a performance to find his prized vegetables have been stolen .
now almost down to what he stood up in , and the few items he deemed vital for long haul travel , all else lay amongst left over fondues , rotting vegetables , potato peel , soup tins , cigarette stubs , milk cartons and spliff butts .
bombay mix bombay mix noun the generic name used for a traditional indian snack consisting of a variable mixture of spicy dried ingredients , which may include fried lentils , peanuts , chickpea flour noodles , corn , vegetable oil , chickpeas , flaked rice , fried onion and curry leaves .
even things like frozen vegetables , i just twist the corner of the bag .
when the pasta was al dente , i strained it and tossed it in a huge bowl along with pesto sauce , the beans and the vegetables .
i ate all my vegetables as a child .
finally , with a plainly grateful smile , she accepted the offer and requested a bowl of vegetable soup , a side salad , and a giant oatmeal cookie from a deli called smiths take - away and grocery .
here , he said , ladling more meat and vegetables into matsons bowl , have a drop more .
reds and all the correspondingly awesome fruit and vegetable named flavors -- i mean hues -- are the new twenty .
lashings of gravy did little to hide the mass of food that lay on the plate in front of him , with every seasonal vegetable being used as the perfect accompaniment for a lavish joint of beef that just oozed flavour like a marathon runner oozes sweat .
while the class was tending the vegetable plot they d started as part of their science studies , reuben , who was on watering duties , lost control of the hose .
she motioned for reuben to sit down and held out the container of vegetables .
fish and vegetables !
they scavenged , soloed and scrabbled up the hardest climbs , powered by old milk , someone elses vegetables and a burning passion .
here , he d barred exits , tied up the staff , sent cell phones through the dishwasher , and then whipped up the typical meal of a poor family living on the margins of julio - claudian society ( cornmeal heated on warm pebbles , charred goat , fermenting root vegetables ) .
she said she had just taken a few mouthfuls of her smoked toy eastern provinces squab , presented in a tiny frigidarium of root vegetable puree , when the attack commenced .
of course , were continually adding fresh vegetables and meats to it , naturally , but that stew - pot has never been empty , and never will be , not since h.p .
the menu of meat on the bone , seasonal vegetables from their garden out back , and down near macon , along with sugary homemade desserts guaranteed to send you to the dentist , is a winning one .
marram and trent hope they ll ultimately grow herbs and heirloom vegetables , as well , for a future farmers market .
i happened to walk through the canned vegetable aisle and overheard two little boys arguing .
loosely stuff the cavities of each hen with the vegetable mixture .
brian thinks the conversation is about vegetables .
she will be cooking beefsteak or lamb chops , probably with roast potatoes , mixed vegetables and gravy , all followed by jam roly poly and custard .
all the signs are that this is going to be a meat and vegetables kind of performance , and this proves to be as accurate as an alan ball pass .
my mum is in the kitchen peeling vegetables , while my dad is full of seasonal goodwill , wishing me a merry christmas son with a half - mediterranean , stubbly kiss on the cheek .
the bunker kitchen was well stocked with canned goods , and jools had promised to bring more fresh fruit , vegetables , books , and magazines .
now he was really multi - tasking , sustaining his body , getting his daily fruit and vegetable quota , and hunting for his quarry .
sometimes i like to lick my wife in wonderful places when she smells like a tropical fruit and vegetable medley .
i do n't know what it is about us and vegetables because we are serious carnivores .
we labeled our special members after our favorite vegetables .
they will work picking oranges , tangerines and grapefruit for several more months , then head south for lake okeechobee to pick the last of the winter vegetables and the first of the watermelon crop .
between mouthfuls of daal bhaat and a vegetable curry called tarkan , we got to know each other a lot better , laughing intermittently about the leeches and thankful they were nt as big as the finger - sized ones on humphrey bogarts naked back in the african queen .
she perused through the fruits and vegetables and made her selections and we moved one .
fear of the dark , the boogey man , heights , needles , evil clowns , dentists , vegetables , spiders , roseanne barr ; i ve got it all .
then he had gone to the mashed vegetable restaurant , ordered more , and brought that back to our normal dimension so that it could pretend to be my original lunch .
and who knows what could have been put in the vegetables by him or some other party before they reached my plate .
ah , said the father , spreading his arms to indicate the christmas dinner arrayed before him ; a roast goose , an unappetizing selection of boiled root vegetables , and a lump of pudding with a candle staked on top .
anna and slev debated the timing of the vegetable stew and fish , and how to keep the first two batches of fish hot while the last one cooked .
the poached trout and sea bass was served on china plates , with the vegetable stew on the side .
boiling a vegetable in water for three hours , throwing out the water that contained all the flavor , then adding a pound of butter and serving this mess on an inch thick clay plate was not his idea of good food .
there were small tables barely supporting the offerings , and there were larger tables fairly groaning under the weight of dozens of bottles set amidst ceramic dishes containing seafood , fresh vegetables , charcuteries and pts .
the first one was fajitas with big chunks of chicken and vegetables wrapped in soft taco shells and smothered in chunky tomato salsa .
there in front of me stand beautiful raised beds with vegetables growing dutifully .
everything diced and grated , tons of small little vegetables and bits of herring , all put together to make one dish .
i also mixed some very strong spices like paprika in with the grated vegetables , unnoticable unless tasted .
they both went over to the cauldron , and saw brian happily splashing in the soup , pouring vegetables over himself .
dollar pizza joints work well , and you can count tomato sauce as a vegetable , cheese as calcium , and bread as your carbohydrates .
on intermittent stakes he had tacked the seed packets of the vegetables and flowers he had planted .
on his left hand he wore a wedding band , and as i sipped my mountain dew , enjoying the show , i felt sorry for his 2.5 kids at home , who had better eat their fucking vegetables , or else there is no fucking dessert .
all of our fruits and vegetables are locally grown ; picked , packed , stored and distributed by our largest job supplier .
happy that he was n't dead or worse , in intensive care , a vegetable .
well , it 's like a pie , pastry with meat and vegetables - no gravy .
all we are saying is give peas a chance why should my kid like vegetables ?
i hated vegetables .
... a nightly parade of vegetables joining with one another , tributary by tributary as they make their way to the local treatment plant , robust in their vitamin supremacy , congratulating themselves at having achieved this fate instead of the alternative which , by the way , would get them to the same place only about 12 hours later .
how , we reason , can children grow up tall and clear - skinned , brilliant and polite if they do nt eat their vegetables ?
the last thing you want is to be one of those people who screams at your spouse : i told you s / he should have eaten those vegetables !
treat them as a privilege , a reward , a special treat and tell the kiddies ca nt have vegetables unless they eat all their spaghetti and ice cream .
instead encourage your children to build things with their vegetables on the condition that they can destroy the structure , the cartoon charter or the design only with their fork and only by eating the evidence .
serve a well - balance meal where only the vegetables are cooked .
promise to substitute vitamin pills for vegetables in return for good grades .
i make a wonderful dish of fresh roasted vegetables served in a red espagnole sauce .
i got up and went into the kitchen where i sprayed the chef with more deneuvian charm , this stuff champagne and riesling infused , asking him if we could have just a little break before his roast vegetables in espagnole sauce .
every friday evening loads of fruits and vegetables arrived in large crates , at the place where the cruise ship would dock .
i open the fridge and it 's filled with meat , fruit and vegetables .
the vegetable counters were covered in blue dust .
afterward , we went down to that grocery store and carried back dozens of cans of soup , vegetables , fruit , meat and fish .
we did try growing vegetables from seed , in various areas about townespecially the nearby parkbut they usually did n't germinate and those that did produced plants that were unrecognizable .
you are like a gardener who has grown a certain flower or vegetable and , having had repeated success in growing it , you continue to keep growing it .
he nearly fainted when he saw the body of his dear wife , ruby , buried under a miscellaneous stash of handbags , purses and wallets ; lap - top computers and mobile phones even bags of fresh fruit and vegetables .
high , very high , and the last one is a picture of a vegetable .
most commonly during november , roofs , yards , sidewalks , parks , in fact any free areas were chock - a - block covered with vegetables of most types ( even romaine lettuce ) drying in the late fall sun .
unlike toronto , fresh vegetables were commercially unavailable during the cold months and this was one of the essential annual winter preparations .
` ` one more crime against western civilization -- '' ` ` the rutabaga is a noble vegetable , '' said sally indignantly .
` ` he 's full of sour gas extracted from rotting vegetables . ''
how will be buy vegetables to supplement our diet ? ''
from above it appeared that nature had just gone nuclear and dropped a vegetable bomb that blew outward in clouds of green and upward in the shape of a mushroom -- in keeping with the plant theme wait , mushrooms are fungi not plants !
since vena 's last desperate ploy to stay alive , every single plant in poolington was dead : weeds and flowers , trees and shrubs , fruits and vegetables .
as for replacing the fruits and vegetables , the town forbade any fresh produce from entering the city limits .
you 'll need an exercise regime , and plenty of raw vegetables and brewer 's yeast . ''
he put a drop of vegetable oil in the pan and added the bacon .
i ' m not much on vegetables .
by the vegetable plague of ' 85 .
its red convertible , not bread and vegetables !
johns girlfriend , randita , had loaded him up with a dozen kiwis , hoping that these , along with two quarts of home - made bio vegetable soup , five bananas and an assortment of other perishable sundries could stave off the consequences of her boyfriends high - cholesterol diet .
` ` you should avoid meat and eat organic fruits and vegetables . ''
` ` what other kinds of fruits and vegetables are there ? ''
` ` eat fruits and vegetables . ''
` ` there 's even an entry about us ; they think we do strange things with vegetables . ''
` ` i ' ve never met any vegetables and i certainly do n't intend to start up with them at my time of life . ''
he used to work for a big food company , developing artificial vegetables that taste like chocolate .
i grow organic vegetables and sell them at the farmers market .
while he was perusing the fresh vegetables , his cell phone rang .
he d gone with a mild red curry , with chicken and loads of vegetables .
lin prepared a dinner of noodles and vegetables foreign to anyone born east of lodi .
dean coughed and a bit of green vegetable flew from his mouth .
the uniforms everyone must wear , the smell of the animals , the growing of vegetables to eat .
one man that he shook hands with had fingers like root vegetables .
she still was nt even sure if he was unhappy about the impending divorceas far as she could tell , he relished eating whatever he wanted ; vegetables and fiber be damned .
fresh home - grown vegetables and fruit . ''
figured i 'd plow it up for a garden and sell vegetables . ''
` ` i ' ve decided not to put up a roadside stand until the root vegetables are ready , '' he said .
except embarrass ben when he showed off what was left of his neat rows of vegetables to giggling guests .
you said you were going to build one this winter anyway , for next year 's vegetables . ''
i poured sue a glass of wine and began chopping vegetables for the salad .
after we harvested the last of the vegetables , delivered them to the supermarket in mora bay , and put the pool to bed , ben decided to build a deer - proof fence around the garden .
above the ' faster ' button was a picture of a shiny green vegetable .
broccoli , thought the homeless person , who was n't really up on his vegetables , having replaced them at an early date with turkey vulture bourbon .
` ` vegetables have feelings too . ''
` ` a plum is not a vegetable , '' said demo .
used to rob vegetable patches . ''
` ` trans fats , hydrogenated vegetable oil ... . '' ` ` food makes the duck , '' said philip .
lately she 'd been killing more vegetables than anything else , but every so often , a spam artist would freeze in her headlights , and then ... . she felt the cheap brown paper ; then she inspected her credit card bill for clues .
` ` this better not be a vegetable , '' said allura .
` ` would i sell a vegetable to a warrior such as you ? ''
the woman decorating the shop window stared at him , motionless , holding a basket of plastic vegetables .
but , in my furthest expanded mind , i am not a personally goddamned rotting vegetable .
the paganic cult nowadays involved worship over harmin 's future grave , which was planted with vegetables , beans and flowers a veritable pea patch .
her big brother habitually called her piranha until one day she knocked him cold as the vegetable drawer in the family refrigerator with a rock solid right to his jaw .
tony was building a head of steam and his face was turning red as an overripe tomato at mastic mendez ' second hand fruit and vegetable stand over on first street .
flaco the smuggler recruited lump woman from a local vegetable stand where she barely scraped by from day to day selling low cal taco salads , the little bighorn battlefield national monument management having to let go most of the tour guides because of congressional budgetary cutbacks made necessary to finance a congressional pay raise .
many of those addicts owing their addiction to working in the fields of winter vegetables where they battled the long , weary hours of hard work and bad weather in the fields with the siren pick - me - up of heroin or other drugs .
hairy men with big muscles and deep voices opened the back of the van and started filling it with animal feed of some kind , and above that , fresh vegetables .
fully loaded and almost certainly overloaded with people and vegetables , the journey continued .
he said weakly , almost pleadingly , but by then they had resorted to throwing fruits and vegetables , and he was forced to flee the stage in disgrace .
' the beef only has another hour or so , so i ' m starting to prepare the vegetables now , ' mary said , explaining what he could clearly see her doing .
in this case joe could very well find himself cured and some kind of lobotomised vegetable .
even fruit and vegetables they sell .
certainly it would be rude to try and eat your god while he was there , so for the time being , they would most likely have to return to normal diets , and that once a week meal of god would be replaced by more respectable foods , such as sandwiches and vegetables .
the way the lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , peppers , onions , and other fruits and vegetables clung together on one bush made it extremely difficult to traverse .
stay fit , eat your vegetables , and close your eyes .
they circled the house and found richard a weather - beaten man of his early fifties hunched in his vegetable patch .
even the vegetables , stuffed on the side like an afterthought , looked boring .
paddington was already finishing his vegetables .
his meat devoured but vegetables untouched , adonis placed his knife and fork together and began the tale .
and four none of you touched your vegetables .
it could be wine , or vegetables or aspirin .
first the prophecy on the tree ; then the andrastes who did nt eat their vegetables ; now plants again paddington felt another piece of the puzzle slip into place .
when i arrived at the church , i went into the hall where elderly people forked out large plates of meat , along with mashed potatoes , vegetables , all of which looked delicious .
i asked them as they bypassed the fresh fruit and vegetable section .
i was nt eating enough fruits and vegetables ; i was nt getting enough exercise .
chopping vegetables and talking at the same time is not causing my brain to melt down , she said as she placed the rest of the carrots shed been chopping into the salad bowl .
sack of vegetables nasrudin snuck into someones garden and began putting vegetable in his sack .
sack of vegetables nasrudin snuck into someones garden and began putting vegetable in his sack .
now then , how can you explain how those vegetables were pulled out from my garden ?
well , the man continued , then tell me thishow did the vegetables get in your sack ?
nasrudin helps prepare a meal nasrudin and a friend bought some ingredients to make a meal of meat , rice , and vegetables .
nasrudin , said the friend , you make the rice , and ill cook the vegetables .
fine - just slice the vegetables , and ill take care of the rice .
well , to be honest , i really do nt know how to slice vegetables .
when it was ready , he put the food on the table and said to nasrudin , well , ill bet that you are also unable to eat meat , vegetables , and stew , right ?
talk about life changing moments because valerie was the biggest steak lover i have ever known and before him , anything resembling a vegetable was simply garnish to her .
and the pies also include such delights inside them as grass , various leaves , berries and twigs but to make them a bit more culinary they have a wild bouquet - garni of sorts which i d scrambled together from the old vegetable patch but no veggies i m afraid were to be found .
i chose vegetables , chicken kebab , and a spring roll .
the menu called for regular roasted chickens , tandoori chicken , scalloped potatoes , steamed vegetables and pumpkin pie .
she went into the house and added potatoes and more vegetables to the soup she had put on for dinner .
at that point , she had a break , which she generally spent in the garden , weeding and tending the herbs and vegetables .
the kids were not crazy about that because it had too many vegetables and most children think dumplings are gross ; however , chicken and dumplings was the sisters ' hands - down favorite dinner .
you can be back in the kitchen for dinner and fill them full of nutritious food , with lots of vegetables .
and indeed i remembered that , when i was twenty years old in war - torn france with little to eat , any fat , animal or vegetable , tasted just marvelous !
he was fully absorbed by the to and fro , the messages and tales of wrists and elbows , shoulders and fingernails , a host of scrapings , drummings and inclines to speak of beer and boast of women and assignations ... on returning to the community he immediately sought out a broad variety of vegetables , carrots , leeks , potatoes and a quantity of oil , long - beans and cabbage and mushrooms to stew with the beef , the liquid a soup for his ailing mother , her pallid flesh in need of support , jerian himself chewing the meat for her to swallow , feeding her , head propped against a sack of apples , the breathing of the fruit to calm her chest , from his own bowl with his own spoon , that which his father had carved on his son 's birth , his coming into the world that was his the everlasting day , his father past , drowned , his mother taken sick having survived the flood the child recalled via the memory of snapping trees , his frail young body saved by its closeness to hers , sucking at her nipple through the storm .
she feasted upon roasted chicken and fresh vegetables , followed by red velvet cake topped with whipped chocolate frosting and fifteen lit candles , the flames of which she snuffed out with a single prolonged breath that elicited a large cheer from the audience .
in addition they always kept a weeks supply of perishables in the refrigerator , milk , fruit and vegetables ; a bushel of apples was kept in the coolest place in the cottage , in the closet on the other side of the cottage from the woodstove .
fiona , however , had a solution , which was to cook up the hamburger , chicken , and frozen vegetables .
fiona , after laughing , suggested the only remedy was to avoid eating such a dangerous vegetable .
each year of her life with abel and charles , she had grown a different garden , placing the vegetables in different spots mixed with flowers , sometimes in rows , sometimes in circles , sometimes in patches .
later she would harvest them when she harvested the vegetables and use them to make a dye for yarn she spun from wool that peter sometimes brought for her ; a gift from his mother , who sent messages , but never visited in person .
she had hundreds of canned vegetables and meats in the root cellar , and i did nt think shed miss it if we were careful to take some cans from the back rows , some from here , some from there , not leave any big holes , you understand .
in between each row of vegetables , mary planned flowers .
the next day everything in the garden was a good head taller charles said , and mary laughed and set about to weed , for the weeds grew twice as fast as the flowers and vegetables , as everyone in the county would be glad to tell you .
and the farmers wives saw to it that the schoolmaster , like the cure , was provided with bread and cheese , vegetables and fruit , and every so often a leg or shoulder of lamb .
so entirely was it taken up with meat and vegetables and herbs and wine and bread and cheese and sweets and dishes and cups and saucers and mugs and utensils and pots and pans and linens and and cotton and leather and polish and washtubs and soap and water and brooms and mops and dustbins and garbage and trash and compost and commodes that he had to doubt whether any room was left for the most elementary explanations of things , let alone for doctrine and religious belief .
one evening , when lydia was in the kitchen chopping up fresh vegetables for stir - frying , carrie suddenly asked so , what s up , lydia ?
lydia stopped cutting and scooped up vegetables into a pan , measuring with her eye how much more they needed .
lydia saw co - workers in the gardens picking vegetables , tomatoes they would be canning , cabbages and carrots they would process .
chapter 8 a chicken lasagna baked in the oven as lydia tore lettuce and chopped vegetables for a salad .
its about 150 acres , with buildings for the classes and executive offices , then several small cottages for retreatants , and beyond that gardens to raise our organic vegetables .
shed put in some vegetables and flowers .
you boys like vegetables ?
and in the afternoon , after dinner at thomelsons family diner , she had sent him over to the fresh vegetables , just as soon as they had entered the grocery mart .
were going to plant some vegetables .
placement of the different vegetables was discussed .
the meatloaf baking in the oven for tonights meal was made earlier in the day by a different group of volunteers , but the vegetables donna had already started , the mashed potatoes and gravy , and the dessert of cookies and fruit cocktail had to be prepared by them .
the beer was cold , the grill was fired up and ready , the salad and hors doeuvres of onion dip , baked pita - bread chips and sliced vegetables that becky brought were on the table , and the adults were sitting at the table under a parasol and keeping an eye on the boys .
while he was devouring his hamburger with great satisfaction , she said , you liked the vegetable kebob we had at the brisbanes , did nt you ?
mrs . fecteau brought the vegetables to the table , got the hot plate from the microwave , and poured a glass of milk , then sat and watched with evident satisfaction as charlie hungrily attacked the meal .
they had a quiet dinner of stir fried chicken and vegetables , cooking and cleaning up together and talking about pleasant things like finishing furniture and the kinds of clothes and colors that suited charlies face and physique .
while ted , returned from his shower and much refreshed , stirfried the chicken and vegetables and during the meal , the topic of conversation was mostly conjecturing about how the days incident would turn out in the coming confrontation with uncle edward .
his eating habits were conservative , preferring the typical unadorned food of his parents , simple vegetables served with unspiced meat .
abstinence and vegetables , exercise and carriage ?
as he went about the rest of his morning 's work , feeding the chickens and collecting their eggs , checking the vegetable patch and the lobster pots , he felt warm and happy and , somehow , right .
he did not see the fresh vegetables and chicken breast on her plate , nor did he notice the squeezed fruit juice she had poured for herself .
a simple bowl of white rice with vegetables .
irene and i hung out in the kitchen making pepper jelly or canning vegetables .
i help arrange cheese and cracker trays , a vegetable tray , and a cookie tray .
i also slip vegetable plants in among the perennial gardens , and i get planters from the thrift store and fill them with herbs and tomato plants , lining them up on the walkway and the driveway .
so , we focus instead on growing the vegetables in our little garden beds at the cabin .
there s nothing like a vegetable that you have grown , picked fresh , and eaten the same day .
were just going to grow some vegetables .
morgen leads me through the rows , showing me the vegetables growing and ripening .
its not just vegetables that are destroyed in front of us .
debris , refuse , bits of animal and vegetable floated down these channels , down those ages which conspired to form history .
the black man had vanished on an errand of his own , becoming invisible among the sturdy limbs , a non - stationary growth amid insatiable vegetable reproduction .
this was his true home , here amid the noise and smell of world litter , the burning of waste , the incineration of old clothes , odd shoes , unwanted vegetable scrapings , banana peel , dead wood , paper and polythene containers .
we feasted on succulent roast duck with great dollops of thick orange sauce , tiny roasted potatoes and buttered vegetables .
if it was a fruit or a vegetable it would n't pass her lips unless sprinkled with sugar or drenched in cheese sauce .
mother told us that her friend martha flaherty , a local medical clinic nurse who worked in a hospital down in san bernardino on weekends , said that ellie was a vegetable .
mike savored the thick irish broth and chunky vegetables .
bett thought that a young , blackish purple , smooth as enamel eggplant was one of gods great gifts , but a soft , spongy , seedy , eggplant was a pretty worthless thing except , perhaps , as a convenience store vegetable .
even though the kids were no longer around to eat it , bett continued to grow okra because it had been opas favorite vegetable .
as a vegetable , okra was for someone else ; however as a plant it stole her .
as she replaced beloved childhood cereals with brownish - gray extrusions of bran , as she banned butter and bacon and issued ukases on safflower margarine and red and white - dyed soybean ersatz bacon strips , as she added prodigious amounts of such carotene - rich foods as carrots and cantaloupe and squash , and cancer - killing cruciferous vegetables such as mustard greens , kale and broccoli , and as she restricted red meat to such an extent that it seemed to her family that cattle must be an endangered species , dilly herself , with her children safely away at school , smashed chunks of baking chocolate into bite size pieces for her lunch .
of aioli and gabys lost love limbs and the mold of unsold vegetables and bad dreams and bad sales and bad cells .
after she had done her small part in the war against cancer , jill wheeled her cart around and retreated back down the aisle in the direction from which the vegetables in her cart suggested she had just come .
in that room the talk was of plants , of flowers and vegetables , display and cutting gardens .
i ca nt think of you without thinking of bushels of vegetables and baskets of flowers .
we pushed the wheelbarrow up the hill and across the yard , down to the end of the fence , along the road to the lane , then down the lane , past the vegetable gardens to a spot where the lane met a spit of uncleared land .
he saw the vegetables and what was necessary to nurture them , but he also saw the other pieces of the puzzlethe weeds and pests , molds and rust and what was necessary to support those things , too .
there s a dead heat going between the weeds and the vegetables .
at home i ve been having mushy vegetables for dinner .
what he means , honey , is i cut up the vegetables under his eagle eye .
judith took a wok of seared beef and vegetables from the stove and placed it on the table .
` ` this is our favorite vegetable , frozen sweet corn . ''
well , red yams too , if you count that as a vegetable . ''
` ` it 's our favorite vegetable , '' he says .
` ` let 's face it , sweetheart , your boyfriend 's a vegetable , '' he says , deciding spontaneously to lay out the truth for her .
her boyfriend 's a vegetable .
he has katrina for the next five hours , and the competition is a human vegetable .
moreover , the vegetable should be recovering soon , so she wo n't be bound to him by feelings of responsibility .
` ` you can go start the lab work tonight , '' annie announces as if reading his mind , taking a bite of her vegetable curry .
inside the cabin of the boat , doug opens a refrigerated compartment and pulls out a deep vegetable drawer at the bottom .
he pauses to eat some rice and vegetables .
he drinks most of his bottle of apple juice in one gulp , and gobbles up some scraps of rice and vegetables .
gene found it much harder to understand fresh fruits , vegetables and , especially , maryellens meat selections .
although heretofore gene had never enjoyed gardening and did not particularly like vegetables , the french beds that he had built ten years before in response to a request from maryellen , had all new landscape timbers .
this evening , however , she had rushed home , eaten genes roasted chicken and mixed vegetables , cleared the table , given him a pat , reconsidered , given him a hug , and rushed back to the shop to be ready for her class while leaving him with dirty dishes and three hours of a wednesday night to fill .
and now he was looking at varietals of kohlrabi , a vegetable or root or whatever the hell it was , a something which he was damn sure he had never knowingly eaten but now was considering growing in his damn garden just to keep the thunderheads of depression at bay while wondering how to respond to his wife and her weasel partner who were trying to screw him out of a third of the rent .
those groups included all vegetables , unsugared grains and milk products that were nt milk or ice cream , especially cottage cheese .
when the timer registered eight minutes remaining , gene began removing his extensive inventory of chicken parts and boxed vegetables from the freezer .
mitchell had roast chicken and vegetables , and two glasses of beer while elizabeth feasted on a vegetable omelet .
mitchell had roast chicken and vegetables , and two glasses of beer while elizabeth feasted on a vegetable omelet .
you can liquefy anything in there- whole vegetables , fruits , and you do nt waste any of the nutritious pulp .
she still frequented her church and gardened a plot of organic vegetables on occasion , but a distinct hollowness lurked into a countenance plagued by unfulfilled promises .
the random vegetables visible had already rotted on their stems .
a scent of rotten fruit and vegetables cleaved the air with an odiferous chop .
but some things can be changed for the better , i insisted , referencing the fermenting piles of untended vegetables on all sides of us .
the vegetables .
why caint you plant some vegetables or something useful ?
i dug out almost all of the flowers , leaving only those that ran around the perimeter of the garden and set to work planting vegetables .
mothers would walk by with their children , and i would hope that they would stop to pick some of my fresh vegetables , but they never did .
one day , while i sat in the garden reading and waiting , the youth who had suggested that i plant vegetables walked by .
i ve planted vegetables for anyone who wants them , i told the youth .
one evening about a week after my encounter with the youth i arrived at my garden and found all of the fruits and vegetables gone .
but its like a kid who gets mad about having to eat vegetables , so he pretends that he s a king who can do whatever he wants .
in the imperial valley , the vegetable producer extraordinaire of central california , they were hiring labourers by the day .
meals were cooked in the tiny galley below deck ; a green vegetable which had obviously been boiled , over a bed of rice , on a tin plate .
the dry stuff made up for the lack of vegetables in his diet .
surely , when we d eaten our way through the lamb , potatoes and vegetables , had our dessert , chocolate cake , and coffee , surely , then , shed get around to it .
there was money , a wad of fifties wrapped in a wide blue rubber - band like the kind they used on vegetables in a grocery store .
looking - out over , a bustling ancient market - place of fruit and vegetables and livestock trading - outposts and stalls set - out with what could be paid - for ... only without that which could not physically be brought - to market , due to bulk - mass , type and valueon screen : in - transit , still in - the - ground .
< plastics : ... oily sulphurous plutonium - golden - patterned sheet - topped shop counters ... tablesgambling - houses ... > gambling - shops ... and public drinking - houses ... entertainment < media - crackdownfull - size sports screened ... > shopping - malls : ... keeping the people contentmost anyway < food - hall and health - centres : ... leisure and media : ... > places of barter and banter : and betting ... < of ... goods lain - inlaid - in and on and over the lay - of - the - land : laid - down planned - over panning - out ... from : the - town and ... urban - centre market - place : with courthouse and balanced scales held aloft : over the ... vegetable and fruits of the earth livestock market - place : the - city : vanity - avatar : -stepped - out through the window .
they lived in a wonderful but modest home in an older neighbourhood in the beaches area of toronto and just south of queen street east , a busy street full of life and lined with a variety of coffee shop , small bars , and vegetable markets .
he also learned about gardening and helped his grandmother grow vegetables in a rooftop plot and flowerboxes that hung outside the window of their flat .
strange vegetables like okra , rutabaga and cassava root were also there .
canned food , fruits , and vegetables ( for a month ? ) .
the other three paintings were still lifes of various fruits and vegetables .
they found the local grocery store better stocked than appearances would promise , and bought as many fruits and vegetables as their little fridge would hold .
the first time i brought him home for a sunday lunch of overdone beef and uninspiring vegetables , he had found just the right things to say .
i felt it as i sat at my desk , sipping coffee , decaffeinated , pausing between filing and typing ; as i wandered dreamily through narrow cambridge streets , pausing to choose fruit or vegetables from the market , lingering and enjoying the colours and shapes ; as i nodded smiling at the books stephen held out to me , the text blurring , those strange diagrams , cross - sections of womens insides , bearing no relation to me .
such beautiful markets , you ve never seen such fruit and vegetables , laid out like that , such colours , and the smell of it .
the market always had fresh fruits and vegetables .
at the end of summer , we started to stockpile coal , vegetables , and meats , which we kept stored in places that could get us through the coldest months .
the coal and vegetables were often kept in cellars , built into the floors , in order to maximize space .
said melissa , handing ruth her plate back , now home to a generous helping of steamed rice and vegetables .
this i ascribe to clean air and vegetables .
in my room at the hotel , walking back and forth , or in my apartment in new york , or on the streets down to greenwich village : i have lived that life from beginning to end , simply , making butter and cheese , cooking vegetables for my husband , and having no children .
part of our dinner each night consisted of vegetables harvested from the field .
i do nt have any vegetables right now , they do nt even sound good , but i know ill have to get some for the kids , or rather for diana to force on the kids .
and for starters , a vegetable soup with a garlic and basil pistou .
we walked past the squatting women selling vegetables and roasted meat , past the come again tomorrow bar , past the new police station with its squat , ugly faade , and past the front of the newly time fashion shop number one ( we outfit the whole family lay byes accepted , six months to pay ) .
the lumpy filling contained chunks of squash , onions , beans , and other vegetables not readily identifiable .
hodges broke off from tending his smoke belching pit to sample the chicken and crispy vegetable fritters , engaging binny in conversation while brandishing a partially eaten tandoori drumstick as a pointer .
they went downstairs , heated the platters of paninis and vegetables and brought them up for the library table .
on the side there were several types of pickled peppers and vegetables , olives , olive oil and a sesame seed mixture for dipping bread , while tea boiled with the right amount of sugar , was always served with breakfast .
he found the concept of mashing potatoes with a vegetable mill arcane .
she popped in another spear of the vegetable and , mouth full , replied , so have you .
the other ones are fruit and vegetable , and dairy .
what about fruits and vegetables ?
a small vegetable tray of baby carrots , broccoli , celery sticks and cucumber slices , with ranch dipping sauce .
the table was set with vegetables , both steamed and raw , and fresh baked bread complimented the aroma of the fowl .
there was even an internal greenhouse with fresh vegetables growing .
after picking some fresh vegetables and putting them in a basket , she got herself ready for a visit with mrs . lodophin .
i brought some fresh vegetables from my garden .
bellerie and aspiria began looking at the vegetables , and prianna took a few deep breaths and relaxed .
she inspected the various vegetables , and turned her nose up on most of them .
you make a vegetable salad , bob .
bob could nt mimic what she did with her actual recipesthe vegetables and spices were so differentbut he was curious about it .
some kind of vegetable , anyway .
it was funny how when mom was nt pestering him to eat some vegetables , he discovered that he missed them .
shut up and make sure the vegetables are n't boiling over .
that morning jenna straightened up the childrens rooms and made the bed in the master bedroom ; she instructed the housekeeper to do the usual cleaning and then to focus on washing the third floor windows ( and , if there was time , to oil the molding in the kitchen ) ; she planned the family meal , purchased the meat and fresh vegetables and sent the bag boy to her house with the groceries giving him a $ 5.00 tip .
the hallway still smells of boiled vegetables .
when she has the energy , she steams or boils the vegetables .
hygiene aside , he kept a clean farm except the kitchen floor , which his wife shannon swept several times a day to remove the dirt and manure , performing this task between readying three meals , with preparation orders from jack outlawing fruits and vegetables , as his palate only required two staples : meat and potatoes .
panic forced him to talk even more , ` ` paddy , me and my liz have been thinking that we should buy a little place in the country and grow vegetables , keep a few chickens for eggs , maybe a cow for milk and what we do n't use we could sell .
sacks of vegetables and thousands of tins were stacked to the roof , great sausages and hams hung from vaulted beams set into the ceiling .
they could see the market packed with buyers and sellers , goods of every description stacking out the stalls - fruit and vegetables , brightly coloured clothing , fish fresh from the sea , pottery , crockery , utensils and harvest brought in from the countryside .
when a guard pushed a watery mixture of vegetables through a gap beneath the door , axa 's spirit was beginning to bend , he could feel it giving way but knew deep within him that it would never break .
for as long as david could remember , vegetable soup and peanut butter sandwiches had been his favorite lunch , but that evening , sharing the warm silence with his mother , it was the best dinner he had ever tasted .
the ladies have prepared fire grilled tempeh steaks , skewers of caramelized vegetables , an artichoke salad , sourdough bread with pumpkin and sunflower seeds , and a chocolate mousse for dessert , all washed down with a jug of good red wine .
at this moment , ho herself enters the dining room with a platter heaped with shrimp , rice and vegetables .
mountain song had given them a generous amount of vegetables so that they would have something to trade for soap at the bath .
after bringing them each a stein of beer , his wife and teen - aged daughters started by serving them hot potato - vegetable soup , followed by thick bratwursten with red cabbage and boiled potatoes .
the main course consisted of pork roast , mashed potatoes , and bowls of fresh vegetables from which they served themselves .
the soup was followed by thick sliced pork roast in gravy , potatoes and vegetables .
i had to be slower in chopping the vegetables for the salad or i was liable to cut my finger .
i have to make six dozen shanghai and vegetable egg rolls .
the sword tips were dipped in vegetable dye , and the point of the game was to tag your opponents with the dye , without harming them .
surrounded by fruits and vegetables that grew year - round , the man had everything he could possibly need or desire .
in another direction wildflowers grew amidst a small vegetable garden with a beehive .
the fruit and vegetable seeds were given to them , but never planted by others because every family would put a few seeds under their tongues and let the seeds soak for nine minutes .
although families often shared with each other , no one grew fruits or vegetables to sell to others , nor would anyone dream of stealing from a neighbor .
water moved gracefully around the new obstructions , departing from old streambeds and creating new ones , but the underground source still provided an abundance of the most delicious , invigorating water dylan had ever experienced and combined with the fresh air and eating the most delicious raw fruits , nuts and vegetables every day , he felt more alive and energized than ever before in his life .
mothers did nt shoo their children into the house , and in fact , as they walked along people waved and said hello , smiling at him with kindness while waving to asha and offering them some extra fruit or vegetables from their gardens .
the only other things i thought of were whether my child had had enough fruit and vegetables in her diet , and if she wanted to play or needed help with her homework .
random returned across the room and handed harry a hot steaming plate of fresh vegetables .
sauces , vegetables and even stranger concoctions went into the pot .
and there i was feeding him nothing but broiled meat and fresh vegetables for his bad stomach .
hardly , she said , collecting the cucumber slices and other vegetables he had been massacring .
we worked out of sherris apartment , where it was comfortable and clean and she cooked wonderful meals of couscous and exotic vegetables .
soon all sat before modest portions of venison , steaming vegetables and bread piping hot .
domen ordered him to turn out his cellars , his storehouses , the orchards produce so miserly guarded at last released ; the fruits and vegetables , reduced to putrid mush , made more suitable for domen now .
i wake at three - twenty to an infomercial for a vegetable chopper , mad that i missed the dates conclusion .
then , through the line of booths that held cheese and root vegetables and rustic breads , she saw the old couple .
as jay and i went out the door , the girls dropped what they were doing and trailed behind us , with leftover spaghetti and vegetable pieces for the forest animals that came in the night .
if her estimation was correct , her lined shelves contained about four hundred jars of various fruits and vegetables .
jj waited , feeling over large and in the way , until jackie assigned him a task of slicing some vegetables .
it was earthy , organic , like a sunny vegetable patch .
like peter rabbit , i escaped through a vegetable patch , crossing a wire fence into the adjoining property .
i ignored the comment and set about dividing the water into separate containers - some for vegetables , some for dessert , some for coffee .
i ripped open a packet of freeze dried vegetables and tipped the contents into the designated container .
i went over and placed the pot containing the vegetable mix onto a glowing patch of embers beside the sausage pan .
i stirred the vegetable mix .
i went over with the vegetable mix .
abruptly it was in my nostrils again - that peaty vegetable smell .
what do you say to a three year old who wonders where her mommy is ; where is the person who wakes me up every morning tickling her , who sprinkles jimmies on her vegetables to make everything taste wonderful , and takes her everywhere she goes because they are best friends and that s what best friends do ?
the care with which they placed the slim papers on their knees and sprinkled the pinch of dried pungent vegetable matter along the crease .
this is where time is measured by geology and the night shift by the flambeau , seasons are named after fruit and vegetable and the only true sourness they know of is the senescence of the papaya and the mango .
i move past the first stall of fruits and vegetables laid out in color and abundance on long tables .
four dollars and fifty cents for a bag so full of fresh fruits and vegetables , that i can barely carry it home .
estofado , fish soup , chile rellenos , or a new vegetable crema .
julia gazed over the railing , not much to see but scattered clotheslines , patches of vegetables and flowers , and the occasional small tree .
the table was impeccably set , cut slices of a pot roast rested on top of each other while stephens plate had a chicken breast , some steamed vegetables and a small salad beside it .
in the chimney crackled the flame under a paella ; the rice still invisible in the duck and vegetable broth and the large mountain snails showing their brown stripes as they bounced in the liquid .
my hunger must have been contagious , the girls quickly stabbing at the vegetables with their small forks ; my lady of the lips , mercedes , left long , slow , controlled glances on me ; she had me back in the spell of the morning and months away from irene and my crimes against humanity .
with both hands on the bar she lifted herself up and sat along the bar , below the hang - ing hams , sliding the bowls of vegetables away from her and motioning me to come up .
occasionally , he saw indian women gathering fruit , roots , nuts , and vegetables , and placing what they gathered in baskets , woven from branches or vines .
before his companions awoke , sage walked out into the hills and brought back three sage hens , and cooked them with the wild vegetables he gathered , and had breakfast ready when pat and juanita woke up .
we have pooled in some land and together we raise vegetables in it .
similar is the situation about fishes , local vegetables and fruits .
twenty households had already sent in more than 28 different vegetable and fish dishes in small bowls for the guests as part of the prevailing tradition of the village .
there they were : a half - full box of vegetable fried rice , a tin of beef and broccoli , and a box with three chicken fingers poking through the top .
at the thought of the stefanadis , maggie made a mental note to go over and thank them for the latest basket of vegetables .
about once a week they donated a basket of home grown vegetables from their garden to the thompson residence .
you like some vegetables , yes ?
then before maggie could respond , he would hand her a basket of vegetables .
they had been neighbours for as long as maggie had lived there , and the conversation rarely progressed beyond the giving of vegetables .
then she served me exactly what i wanted without making me have vegetables or salad like she usually does .
while she was out she had managed to find a corner store that had sold everything from fresh fruit and vegetables , to cold cuts .
` ` in another year , when this cabin will be habitable , i ' m gon na buy some chickens , a cow and clear enough land to grow my own vegetables . ''
the tractor would allow him to grow enough vegetables for his familys needs and to sell at the annual triboro farmer 's market .
the footage broadcast on the channel ten eyewitness news supposedly showed uncle nathan standing next to his cadillac esplanade with the trunk open , while employees from edgemont produce loaded the rear with boxes of vegetables , fruits , sausage and bacon .
she cracked an egg in a bowl of flour moistened with milk and a tablespoon of vegetable oil , mixing the ingredients with a metal whisk .
the woman had a daughter in first grade , drove a beige bmw and grew her own vegetables in the back yard .
once your vegetables start coming up , you ll have to keep this gate closed at all times , especially at night when the animals forage for food .
they ignored the hot dogs and hamburgers in favor of a watery succotash , which was actually quite good , and traditional corn tortillas with vegetables , a roasted meat of unknown origin , generous dollop of sour cream and pungent , herbal sauce .
the third date , they went out to eat at a korean restaurant where the diners heaped meats and vegetables in metal bowls and watched as the chef cooked and seasoned the meals on a communal grille .
while the beasts were still munching their vegetables arnold , the boss 's son , stuck his head in the barn .
the apartment smelled of exotic vegetables - spices and seasonings that were both comforting and disconcerting all at the same time .
frank chopped vegetables and their dad turned the oven on .
she thought whilst chopping vegetables .
i peered inside a minute or so later and spotted him standing between a stall with fresh vegetables and a canned goods aisle some ten meters from the entrance , studying a can of stewed fruit .
when the children were bedded it coincided with the completion of the cooking of a lovely lamb roast , and perfect vegetables .
home - made jams and scones , clay pottery , toys , pot plants and bundles of flowers , musty smelling aged second hand books , vegetables and fruits , well used cds , dvds , video and audio tapes , even old 78s , 45s and lp records .
my mother returned , served up the meat , and gave me lots of gravy over my vegetables and roast potato .
just as he moved himself and his chair out of the way , a larger stream began pouring over the vegetables and extra slices of roast sitting on the silver serving plates .
in the us a lot of suicides are by gun , and i do nt think that sounds like an awful way to go provided you do nt fuck up and just blow half your face off and then end up a vegetable and deformed to boot .
shabby wooden stalls securely housed mountains of fruits and vegetables , leaning as if they would collapse .
sharon touched a switch and a dull light filled the room and amanda could see all the fruit and root vegetables stored on shelves and floor pallets as far as she could see .
exclaimed amanda , the odor of the earth , the root vegetables , apples and pears mixed together in an almost erotic smell .
it was like a giant living collage made of fruit and flour and vegetables and meat arranged on serving dishes of all kinds .
the cold salmon and wonderful vegetables salads were an unexpected delight , and as amanda went on about her week , ian felt like a lost boy who had been found .
the long hours before tom read the message and replied were taken up with tending to megans swelling and wounds , fetching and changing ice packs of vegetable packages taken from the freezer .
time became the smell of the few vegetables that were left there .
the meal , steamed vegetables and salmon , needed more time and less attention ; julian promised this would be the last occasion he would inspect it , did so and turned again to the open window .
and odours are released from their concrete and vegetable jails .
most of the stalls are pretty threadbare , but i usually manage to pick up some basic stuff like vegetables or flour .
she went out after school and built a large snowman on the vegetable patch in front of the anderson shelter , complete with pebble eyes and a carrot nose .
i wished you could have been standing there with me jimmy , on our vegetable patch .
when mother was out planting and tending the vegetable patch in the garden at the weekend , mathilda took me to one side and asked me if i would be prepared to join such a demonstration .
they were sown together on a piece of string next to the fake grass slope of the vegetable display .
as i massage the compost in my hand , i feel twigs , leaves , and cardboard as well as fruit and vegetables .
this is why bhuva is so eager to have it on his vegetable patch .
although jenny uses her finished compost on her own small crop of lettuces in the school vegetable garden , she values the process of composting even more than the end product .
thus , they subsisted , at first , on rhizomes and non - root vegetables .
with one hand shielding his eyes from the intensity of the sunlight , bunnu used his other arm to elbow his way through the crowd of mirthful pedestrians on his way to the vegetable market .
shut up and eat your vegetables , t.p .
frequently servers clad in greased whites would open a hinged wooden door in the restaurant floor and ascend dark wooden stairs carrying baskets of vegetables , stacks of crude wooden plates and trays of rusty dining utensils ( this , of course , made for a diminished seating capacity in both units 6 & 7 , but there was plenty of seating in the other rooms ) .
johnsons bantered and ate their green vegetables , bunnus eyes fell upon buckys engrossed countenance and for the first time , that evening , he felt he could recognize him as the bhakti he once knew : the person who did nt seek to escape from himself , the dreamy introvert who , by his very inclination , would otherwise deign to make a show of being gregarious .
i shrugged a nimble blade chopped vegetables on a block of wood and she shredded stale bread for the stuffing while interrogating me .
his favorite : maple - glazed salmon with garlic mashed potatoes , and fresh sauted vegetables .
he chose the buffet rather than the sit - down dinner and heaped his plate with fried chicken and vegetables .
* * * * * table of contents epistemology everyone must have two pockets curbstone justice nagels bagels a work in progress the indigo children old man & old woman the chiropractor 's assistant no bear , no forest leaky pipes five hundred forty - three parishioners switched at birth legacy a room without a view epistemology ronda wickford , assistant manager of the brandenberg supersaver grocery mart , located scotty bergeron over by the leafy green vegetables filling a bin of baby carrots .
if ronda had suggested , why do nt you take my job for the next five years and ill price baby carrots and unload tractor trailers full of vegetables , he might have just grinned foolishly and stared serenely into space .
as store manager she could purchase the freshest vegetables and prime meat cuts on a daily basis .
dwight pulled back on a two - wheeler stacked chest - high with a green leafy vegetable .
scotty , who was holding a blue carton of mushrooms , put the vegetables aside and did nt respond for a good long time .
miriam grabbed a gooey wad of potato batter , shaped it into a pancake and placed it in a pan of hot vegetable oil .
pricing vegetables , gail replied .
she took a bag of carrots and stared vacantly at the vegetable .
he pointed toward a ridge of trees at the far end of an organic vegetable garden .
when jason arrived at adrians apartment the following saturday , she was already laying vegetables out on the kitchen counter .
jason indicated an herb adrian had retrieved from the vegetable bin .
the walmart had all manner of food , but i wonder if well see many fresh vegetables here on out .
lived through the dust bowl , migrated west , survived hardscrabble years , had a blossoming romance with a boy she had met along the way , cheerfully brought up four kids plus raised vegetables and chickens decades before it became a bay area trend .
tending the chickens , growing vegetables .
they had eaten fresh vegetables even as times got hard back on the farm .
from years back , she recalls the delicious anticipation of this time of year her garden fruits and vegetables lush and plump and close to harvest .
they assume we eat little debbie cakes three times a day and do nt touch fruits or vegetables .
she found herself making all sorts of weird associations in her head to try and establish the sounds in her mind and then they tried a little role play with some vegetables which eturasi found in the kitchen .
as she was taking her first delicate mouthful she was alerted to a disturbance in the artistic display of fruit and vegetables on the floor facing her .
the women were up early to prepare vegetables and salads for the fifty or so guests who were expected .
he saw her shopping trolley beside her full of healthy fruit and vegetables .
with similar reflections scurrying around in his head he made his way through the outer market where the ground was littered with the detritus of fruit and vegetables .
we are all vegetables of the same field .
were all vegetables of the same field .
the boiled and bland vegetable and rice was perhaps favouring her gall bladder , but the harsh treatment was provoking a mental insanity .
mommy is a housewife and she cooks the most delicious fresh lumpia vegetable salad mix in the world .
` ` hey , suki , you can be sure , vegetables are always fresh ! ''
` ` patel , '' said maxima maternally , ` ` if you just eat more vegetables , then you wo n't need medicines ! ''
` ` i do n't have to get vegetables tomorrow ? ''
` ` all the vegetables in front of you are all fresh !
leo stands near the curved metal pan of his scale , smiling faintly at the young housewives buzzing around his colorful banks of vegetables .
she looks at the floor , i hope this is ok . it ll be just fine , he says , opening a small closet and putting the jar on the shelf with about two dozen other jars of assorted canned vegetables .
after this , there was so much all at once : some thyme grew on his arm ; under his chin was an eggplant the size of two of his chins ; there was a large bunch of grapes on his head ; and there was a green bell pepper on one shoulder and yellow one on his other ; also , he was confused by the rutabaga that he had to trim from each his ankles one morning to get his shoes on because he remembered rutabagas were root vegetables .
all this and even a lot more grew until nearly all of his body was full and lush , and he had more vegetables and herbs and fruits than he could ever imagine figuring out what to do with .
on the small round dining table that he placed next to the front window of his home , he kept a pair of gardening shears ; and , when his guests were over , he would give them some of the vegetables , herbs and fruits that had grown from him .
the children need lots of vegetables .
mai nguyen , the head chef in quan bien dong , said to ana , who was washing the vegetables while waiting for the dinner crowd to arrive .
when ana finished washing the vegetables , another russian waitress , olga , came into the kitchen carrying bags of groceries .
anas washing and chopping vegetables , too .
besides , the last time someone had invited him to do something , it turned out to be a trick to get him into a dark corner so that a bunch of kids could throw raw eggs and vegetables at him and kicked him in the stomach .
the grilled pork stir - fried with vegetables was served in a pineapple shell .
she was helping to manage it while her husband was away , overseeing two farm hands that produced enough rice and vegetables to allow for a relatively comfortable living for the family .
she collected empty vodka bottles from the unemployed neighbors who occupied themselves with alcohol , and turned them in to stores for small change , which her grandmother would use to buy whatever vegetables and meats available in the market .
the small amount of vegetables and meats would invariable get preserved somehow to last through what seemed like a hundred meals .
she even brought a to - go box with stir - fried mixed vegetables and a whole roasted duck .
a waiter offered me a reverse salad , which turned out to be a small plate of vegetables with precisely one spinach leaf on top .
i looked the company up on the way back , and saw that it used locally - sourced vegetables for a soup line .
i , too , had done some research beforehand , reading about the soup company that prided itself on buying local vegetables for each of its ten national factories , an industry pioneer , as their website put it .
what , are the vegetables not really local ?
you know , like they just froze the local vegetables and then shipped them off for testing , and then shipped them back for processingoh , i do nt know !
except , the new vegetables were nt local ?
i do nt think they even got new vegetables .
they kept all the same processes , just said the vegetables were local .
of course , if you had told me six months ago i would be drooling over the prospect of a locally - sourced vegetable scandal , i would probably have been very worried about my future sanity .
i mean , are the vegetables really not local ?
non - local vegetables were not quite as jaw - dropping a headline .
i was finally on my way to real success , and real adulthood , and all because a soup corporation used frozen vegetables .
the venture capitalist firm that had invested in the great green soup company soon issued a statement , affirming their support of local vegetable markets and their dedication to investigate these issues to the fullest possible extent .
his pee smelled like turnips , a vegetable he d been forced to eat while growing up but never since .
and the food , prepared by saddams own palace chefs ( who , after being carefully screened by security , were kept by provisional command in a rare show of administrative wisdom amidst the transitional chaos ) , matched the dcorthe best fresh fruit and vegetables in limitless supply ( some of which i borrowed for bathing in my tubgot to love those mango shampoos and pomegranate facials , not to mention those cucumbers !
regrettably , going so late to the market would also mean the fruits and vegetables would be picked over .
dropping the fruits and vegetables and sack of grain , my hands rested momentarily on my hips as i fought to remain calm .
in setting down the bowl i was surprised to see how quickly she ate though she disliked most fruits and vegetables of any nature , instead preferring bread and meats .
they nudged along the track for another minute and then came to a large stone - built farmhouse with a front garden made up entirely of vegetable beds .
when they settled , sonnys father looked over at the array of food and said ; honey , these are all vegetables , sonnys mom lifted a lid to a blue ceramic dish and immediately filled the room with the scent of hot salt .
one answer came from the vegetable stall next door that was the market hub .
' police truncheons , ' said the vegetable seller , handing a bag of onions to a customer .
once more he squatted low as a vegetable seller .
she would scream , do you willfully disregard who i am by making assumptions for me by switching vegetables ? !
sterling has a different meal : raw vegetables , no dressing , a large , lean steak and a bucket of hardboiled eggs .
the image of himself pottering about the garden , though acceptable enough to others , was worth a chuckle ; he had no intention of taking root , ankle deep in the mud in a vegetable patch .
likewise , it is so of the workers at a restaurant where i eat my vegetable tum yum , slurping , savoring every mushroom , and masticating the little galangal within the tum yum that is edible .
vegetables , fruits , spices , herbal extracts , soy products , juices .
as when raw vegetables are thrown into the pot , before they become stew .
his rage broke , his face insane : an accursed vegetable , rotting inside , torn asunder , uselessworthless !
the breakfast they ate was an unusual mix of fish , slightly hot spices , and an odd and plentiful assortment of vegetables and fruits , a dish captain lampson called neptonian sea bassor the closest thing we can get to it here .
he d have been a vegetable pretty soon .
a vegetable with a brain and feelings .
bring us , from your gardens , fresh fruit and vegetables as are easy to prepare .
the vegetables were another story .
did nt you ever give this boy vegetables ?
and it was nt the price of the organic vegetables or the fact that she knew tommy would nt eat anything she was putting in her cart .
it is true that some , like st . augustine and thomas aquinas , used aristotle 's ideas that the early embryo had the soul of a vegetable so theoretically abortion could have been performed .
the stallsmostly sold agricultural implements , livechickens and vegetables .
nobody was throwing anything at her now , but the face , arms and legs protruding through the stocks were covered in a mess of blood , vegetables and rotten fruit .
chapter 4 dark shadows from lush foliage fringed the road leading from the farmland of gotesdene to a district where only the occasional tethered ox enlivened the orderly , monotonous rows of vegetable and root crops .
the canal came to an end , and the road became impassable to all traffic as it crowded with market stalls selling fruit and vegetables , video tapes , counterfeit goods and clothes .
it slid off the table bringing with it a platter of roast pork , two bowls of salad , two glasses of sweet white wine and assorted plastic containers filled with hot vegetables .
she must drink milk and green vegetables and sleep often .
in the fall there was always more vegetables than the store had room for and he kept having to make room , piling the cabbage high and keeping them from falling over with the bags of carrots .
it looked like someone had upset the canned vegetable display at the grocery store .
it is not only a conversation piece ; it also satisfies my need for exercise and my taste for fresh vegetables .
the marsh , rich in floral and faunal resources , contributed to the living of local people by providing firewood , pot - vegetables , herbs , fruits and small games .
she ate what was given her , even vegetables , played with the toys and books anne brought , and verbally interacted with them like a little adult .
she was the proverbial jewish mother always encouraging everyone to eat their vegetables and to bundle up when they went out in the cold .
she did nt want edith to survive as a vegetable and she knew that edith would not have wanted to live like that .
on a cargo plane loaded with canned fruits and vegetables , benny labean flew the circuitous route to northern india .
he hunted , fished , and traded with locals for vegetables and bread .
for a difficult , frowning month , frances kept house for pat , shopping at the only store ( she winced at the extortionate prices ) , beginning a vegetable garden because the store did nt sell vegetables , and re - learning the language at the house of another white person , a lutheran missionary , an earnest , patient man who spent long hours every day questioning people about exact meanings while he made them cups of black sugary tea .
i can put just about anything on a stick - chicken , shrimp , vegetables , beef , tofu - where peoples total bill will be comparable or even greater than with the big - plate entre approach .
closing the fridge door , balancing containers of chinese roast pork with vegetables , sweet and sour chicken , and special fried rice on one hand , i called out is this from jade gate ?
the dusty back lot smelled of the rotting meat , vegetables , and rice in their commercial dumpster .
lily is not shy , and she knew her mother would be out of earshot , already in the kitchen chopping vegetables , her cleaver pounding on the log - round they used as a chopping block .
she pulled out a plastic spoon from inside her desk and began to swirl the vegetable and rice together before tilting the lamb so curry settled on top of the rice .
she used certain utensils for the chicken and different ones for the vegetables .
we went to the market to get vegetables for dinner .
once in a while a farmer pushing a bicycle loaded with rice straw , or vegetables would go by , and the inevitable south bound truck load of rock would go speeding by .
when they travel they take their chickens , ducks , pigs and all the vegetables they can carry .
yet farther to the east was a walled vegetable garden , off limits to the boys .
next year is our year , dave said to sarah as he flipped some vegetable on the grill in their backyard .
jamison took a sip from his cup , slowly flipping through the brightly colored pages of the mccrearys flowers and vegetables catalog .
he recalled his garden - planning days with his grandmother and the strategy behind placement of early season crops next to bushy late season vegetables to make best use of the entire garden .
stacked inside were several boxes of freshly picked vegetables and cartons of eggs .
speaking of doing what were put on earth to do , i ve got a box full of fresh vegetables that i m pretty certain i was supposed to deliver to you .
other guests , those who had waited at the front of the food line in the dining room , entered the kitchen carrying plastic plates with small servings of rice , chicken and vegetables .
the sidewalk was slick and blackened with rotten fruit peels and bits of old vegetables .
said an old lady in a beaten sunhat , shaking a bundle of vegetables in front of my face .
roasted meat seasoned with spice , potatoes , cheeses , fresh vegetables .
the conversation died and the apartment was filled only with sounds of ripping flesh , the piercing and crushing of vegetables , and the low rumblings of the city .
it stood out with its array of vegetables and fruit to either side of the doorway .
the colours of the fruit and the fresh greens of the vegetable stand , were like splashes of paint wildly thrown onto an already colour- saturated canvas .
more vegetables and fiber , less high fat and cheap corn syrup and over processed stuff that plus an hour of vigorous exercise a day , and watch the current ballooning cases of type 2 diabetes level off .
she spoke of the community garden where she used to volunteer , the people there and even the vegetables that were growing , as if they were unchanged from her last visit over two years ago .
we had claimed the far section most protected from the wind and exposed to sunlight for our herbs and vegetables .
the pope had a stroke last night and is now a contorted vegetable .
myrtle finally found , behind the tofu , cut up vegetables in zipper bags , and heads of broccoli and cabbage , a pitcher of iced tea shoved way in the back .
myrtle liked vegetables as much as the next person , but she sure would nt want a one - hundred percent vegetable diet .
myrtle liked vegetables as much as the next person , but she sure would nt want a one - hundred percent vegetable diet .
you grow a lot of vegetables , do nt you ?
for me , its to get fresh vegetables .
organically grown fresh vegetables .
and we were talking about her organic vegetable and herb garden .
i remembered she brought her own food to the united methodist women luncheon because she did nt want any vegetables that were cooked in chicken broth or pork .
moffat had only vegetable soup and a carton of milk .
jean was still in her healthy mode of cooking so tonights dinner was a moroccan stew made with textured vegetable chicken substitute , carrots , and green olives served over couscous with a green salad on the side .
that morning jean had been to the fruit and vegetable stand on the other side of highway 49 , returning with corn on the cob , broccoli and santa maria strawberries .
that he enjoyed his culinary depredations was quite apparent , for he chuckled and hummed to himself as he basted a roasting pan loaded with meat and vegetables .
summer taught classes at the community college , raised a garden every year that produced hundreds of quarts of vegetables , managed a ranch of multiple critters and provided a home for her great granddaughter anders chalcedony wolfe -- chalcey for short .
inside , marlowe was making the salad , oriole was doing the vegetables and summer was setting the table with the good china and crystal .
dinner consisting of garden vegetables , salad , fresh bread and homemade jam , was waiting for the steaks .
the shelves are stocked with canned vegetables , coffee , tea , spices and anything else you can think of .
summer put bowls of fresh vegetables on the table along with chicken and dumplings .
summer washed the fresh vegetables and cleaned the fish in preparation for supper while oriole locked up her duty weapon and changed clothes .
summer prepared a celebratory supper of baked cod with garden salad , fresh garden vegetables , and homemade bread .
over the next few days , in the mornings before she went to work , he followed her to different farmers markets , where she sold vegetables from the farm .
the land was once used for cattle ranching and more recently for growing grain , vegetables and flowers .
he set the platter of grilled fish and vegetables on the counter and picked up her beer bottle .
ray knew she was a health freak who was a total vegan and never drank anything but water or vegetable juice that she made herself from organic vegetables .
ray knew she was a health freak who was a total vegan and never drank anything but water or vegetable juice that she made herself from organic vegetables .
richard and i sat at the kitchen table while she made toast , then chopped vegetables and grated cheese for omelets .
then she took out the plastic wrap and started putting away the chopped vegetables .
material still had to be woven , bread still had to be baked , vegetables grown , feed animals slaughtered .
the actual make - up was fine , with a good balance between meat and vegetables , with fruit as a second course .
it was a sort of stew , but had obviously been re - heated many times , with just a few vegetables and a little meat added daily .
i opened the fridge and was greeted by the usual items : low fat yogurt , skim milk , bottles of water , fresh fruit and vegetables , diet coke ; everything a young and health conscious couple could want .
i looked back at everything else and saw it all to be the same way , labels facing out , vegetables and fruit separated and laid out in the crispers to maximize space and keep the food from being crushed by other items .
the lined the contents up on the counter ; salad fixings to the far left , the items that could sometimes be used in salads , then vegetables , and at last fruits .
i have been eating broiled chicken and all my vegetables all week .
there had been a generous portion of sweet and sour chicken in my freezer , complete with vegetables .
i was sipping the drink roger had ordered for me , trying to keep the room in focus and listening to roger mutter , poor old sod , when a serving girl brought us each a plate of chicken , potatoes , and mixed vegetables .
parker is a vegetable .
betty made pot roast and vegetables .
` ` it 's a deal , '' i agreed , if for no other reason than i did n't relish the idea of spending the rest of my life as little more than a drooling vegetable , which was bound to happen if i took anymore knocks on the head .
part of the fun of cooking , dave , is choosing the vegetables , cuts of meat and so on .
shopping for vegetables and meat was a science .
how else would i be able to schlep the bags of sugar and flour , the dozens of eggs , the butter , vegetable oil , or milk ?
the produce section displayed mostly exotic fruits and vegetables that i did nt know how to cook , and the items that were familiar to me were scarce , limp , and close to rotting .
i dropped a ... vegetable ... and i did nt see you , and , well , i m sorry .
in a tone of reverence , rashidi ordered rice noodles with asian pesto and stir - fried vegetables with lemongrass .
i understood the argument for vegetables , but my guess was the usda had nt taken a big bite of anything served in a cafeteria lately .
rounding out the vegetables for the evening , belinda headed for the baking aisle .
the aroma of foodstuffs , herbs , spices , vegetables and even the sacking that contained them surrounded him .
as the two friends crossed the first carriageway toward the hotel and stood by the vegetable seller setting up her stall in front of the metro station stairs , tobin thought aloud , so , where to from here ?
every single child in that car was a complete vegetable .
rita was n't impressed with the vegetables , insisting that we had agreed not to serve ` ` that shit '' , but she tackled the meatloaf with such gusto that i wanted to cry , seeing her so happy , having forgotten all about the pink threats .
on the stove , green vegetables were steaming .
at home , at the kitchen table , suit - coats off and sleeves rolled , they spooned from several cardboard cartons : chicken , shrimp , vegetables and rice .
` ` if you do n't stop eating those , there 'll be no vegetables to go with the roast . ''
she finished off my vegetables and most of the bread , then had irish coffee and cheesecake .
the roast was delivered , decked out as it always was with potatoes and other root vegetables , its aroma mouthwatering .
soup tureens were arranged delicately , plates of sandwiches , carefully roasted vegetables , mouth watering meats .
and i eat all my vegetables .
she said as she set aside some meat and vegetables to cook for their dinner .
she mixed the vegetables and lettuce together for a salad , poured some olive oil on top of the leaves , and tossed the salad .
betty started unloading the usual bounty of vegetables shed brought from the farmers markets in southern colorado .
the soil in the garden was deep and rich after years of sheet composting and rototilling , and grew abundant vegetables and perennials .
i waved to the owner jake biccam , working in the cool evening on the long neat rows of vegetables .
i was glad for their green and lively presence on the street , but when betty wanted to stop and buy yet more vegetables for us , i reminded her how hungry i was and promised we d come back for a visit before she left .
organic vegetable seeds were a good thing to research when one needed hope for the next season , and the online images tempted me to order every variety right from the convenience of my own computer .
ashley pounded up the steps and announced , ernie , i brought you some vegetables .
delaney understood the vegetable delivery .
an avid gardener , she spends her spare time growing organic vegetables , surprised by what she finds there every day .
the food arrived then and orfeo immediately launched an assault on his plate of noodles in butter sauce while i chewed into my pita bread full of roast beef and chicken meat and vegetables at a more civilized pace .
rice , steamed vegetables and a big filet of some kind of white fish .
the boys devoured two salads eachone egg and escarole , the other pear and endivethen had two french onion soups , and two entres each : polenta lasagna with roasted vegetables and a mushroom cassoulet for colin ; eggplant parmigiana and a spinach and cheese omelet for darren .
on the other side of this lot was farmers road and a little strip mall where miz demetrice was inclined to purchase vegetables from a vendor set up next to it .
off to one side were miz demetrice and adelia arguing with the vegetable vendor over oranges .
to start with we had quails eggs in tarragon aspic followed by fresh tuna steaks with baby roast vegetables along with a sauce of garlic and parsley .
i knew the door was open as the cleaners , and probably waiters , were inside and five minutes earlier a delivery of vegetables had been brought in .
moms kitchen was more wine sauces and vegetables .
a nod of acknowledgement from marc tauvel re - stacking his front display of vegetables , but then a look that lingered slightly .
there was an entry for every day that week , at the same time , for the same meal , thick vegetable soup , a buttered roll and fish risotto .
it was nothing fancy , thick slabs of prime rib with wild rice and steamed vegetables with chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert .
he also liked fresh fish cooked on the grill with fresh vegetables .
the environment can have an impact , but its not really likely that the cancer only happened because your mother did nt eat organic fruits and vegetables .
i was chopping vegetables for lunch when my phone rang .
there were no windows but the way was lit by small lamps in niches , copper lamps with tiny wicks burning the oil of some vegetable or fat of some animal .
and no worries -- contrary to what sue jan said , i plan on keeping lots of vegetables in my diet after the baby is born .
and he happens to like most vegetables .
shed secured a chicken from mr wilson , and a neighbour had given her lots of fresh vegetables .
the fruit and vegetable selection was meager at best , and the hub of the store seemed to revolve around the enormous meat section .
he hid the gnome completely , trussing him up with aluminium foil in the shape of a succulent pig , put him on a large tray , placed some vegetables around the edges and an apple at one end , and pretended that it was a giant barbecue order .
salvatore found that out when they passed the fruit and vegetable market and both trucks and swimming pools rapidly filled with rotten tomatoes .
i m a terribly judgmental person , and you just ordered a vegetable that most kids stuff in their napkins under the table at dinnertime .
where would they grow their vegetables ?
i expect my vegetables have floated away though , said mary .
pour dressing over warm vegetables and chill .
in the fourth stage they are basically a vegetable ; the liver and kidneys fail and finally the heart swells and burst resulting in death .
her family did nt know if they could stand to see her as a vegetable .
i need some fresh fruits and vegetables . ''
i d met men who barbequed , men who chopped vegetables , and even men who helped around the kitchen .
they ate only vegetables they grew by themselves from seeds they brought with them .
its not until were on our main coursesmu shu vegetables for me and broccoli with chicken for herthat she slows down and the perfect opportunity for a segue presents itself .
they had lobster on the menu , as well as scallops and haddock , but i finally decided to go with a new york sirloin with steamed vegetables .
i m sorry , i meant what vegetable .
oh , tonights vegetable is carrots .
they were n't planting vegetables for the spring .
melia wished them well in their mission to hunt down some vegetables .
they got permission from their local council to use the plots , planting up vegetables and edible flowers .
they bought fish , meat , vegetables , and fruit from central markets and sold them throughout the city , crying out their wares of hot eels , fried fish , pickled whelks , baked potatoes cough drops , cat food , ginger beer , and a hundred other specialties .
there were people selling vegetables , and people selling flowers .
the stew was more than the basic food he and much of england subsisted on , root vegetables with a piece of pork fat for flavour .
a seller of newspapers was squeezing between the cab and a coster pushing a cartful of vegetables along .
what smelled like a vegetable stew bubbled in a copper pot over the small fire .
most were sellers of vegetables but he passed a couple selling items suitable for christmas items .
the air was dank , and smelled of human waste and the vegetables stored in cubbyholes in the crumbling cellar walls .
gl is invaluable when it comes to hiring extra local staff at short notice and she has first - class connections in the meat , fish , fruit and vegetable lines .
three rows of gold pear trees , garnet plum trees , and crab apple trees stand between the natural forest and patches of red strawberries , green shelled watermelons , and rows of colorful yellow , orange , and red vegetables .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
the vegetables and fruits lay in front of the school blooming at this very moment in the fertile bama soil , since the food and fields benefit the school and the students .
the grounds are both elegant to the eyes with beautiful arrays of flowers from blue azaleas to yellow roses and to the tongue with tons of hardy fresh - grown fruits , vegetables , and tree nuts standing tall like earth - princesses in the red clay soil .
if a person received a new tomato then the vegetable would repel evil spirits inside a couples home .
the guy he knocked down in his last bar fight struck his head on the edge of a table and ended up a vegetable .
uh - oh , vegetable cooking oil .
after that , there would be a proper meal , for mrs . baer had brought a chicken and potato kugel to go along with the vegetable soup simmering on the fire .
she pushed the cart up and down each aisle , tossing a box of pasta in , some fresh vegetables , and a whole chicken .
she was sitting at the dining table cutting vegetables .
hannahs vegetable garden was a large one , almost unmanageably so for a woman with no tractor , very little money , and a small gas tiller that only worked sometimes .
this place had vegetables , fruit and in a back corner i could even see a bee hive nestled against a fence which seemed to back on to a national park .
in it there were boxes of organic fruit and vegetables and bottles of juice .
` ` we are currently releasing an organic fruit and vegetable detox cleansing diet .
jennifer busied herself in the kitchen juicing the vegetables and i sat next to eleanor .
if you ask her the secret to living a long life shell tell you its what you eatlots of vegetables and suck candy .
grandma johnsons front yard has a toilet filled with plastic flowers , and in her garden are wood - carved people bent over picking vegetables .
sara had always led a simple life with her grandmother , raising their own vegetables , eating fish out of the stream , and wearing clothes hand - sewn by ada kills bull .
sara returned carrying freshly washed vegetables in a bowl .
sara filled two of einsteins food dishes with fresh vegetables .
the vegetables are from our garden and the bread sara made with all natural ingredients .
but ada kills bull had rarely left the reservation land except to sell her fresh vegetables and canned goods at the roadside vegetable stand sara had built at the entrance to the reservation .
but ada kills bull had rarely left the reservation land except to sell her fresh vegetables and canned goods at the roadside vegetable stand sara had built at the entrance to the reservation .
cars would line up for two blocks on both sides of the street just to buy the home - grown vegetables , canned goods , and herbs .
sara set a cooler on the counter and a bag saying , i brought you some home - grown vegetables i froze and some pickles and stewed tomatoes i canned .
you should get the vegetables into the freezer right away .
is it animal , mineral , or vegetable ?
they bake muffins and fry carefully dried morsels in cast - iron skillets along with eggs and vegetables .
she squinted and said , lithuanian mixed vegetable salad .
she mixed a mix of cold pre - cooked vegetables , which included some carrots , beets ( yuk ) , potatoes , and green peas , then added a sauce of sour cream , cayenne , salt and pepper .
cursing , i pushed myself up out of the pizza boxes , rotting vegetables and rolled up disposable diapers .
they stepped up and into a small rear shed in which there was an old vegetable sink , a short counter , and several overhead cabinets .
she sent me right out again for more vegetables .
` ` i ' m afraid it 's only the leavings and the soup from yesterday 's beef and vegetables , but it will fill the stomach .
* * * * * chapter sixteen she opened the door and allowed me into a narrow hall that smelled of boiled vegetables .
you want to skewer these with alternating vegetable matter ?
he snagged half the pile of skewers from in front of falkner and started threading lamb and blanched vegetables on them .
besides , chaz liked vegetables .
golden fried chicken heaped on a silver platter , with mashed potatoes and various other vegetables mounded in crystal bowls .
pansy chopped vegetables on a board on her lap in the living room and watched football with drew .
pansy was standing at the sink washing vegetables for salad , her cane resting against the counter .
there are some vegetables which are poisonous but this has not harmed me yet .
there was the matter of all those animals for so many years eating vegetables that made them hallucinate .
you might need to put some butter on that , she said , pushing a tub of vegetable spread across the table .
teresa ordered chicken and broccoli fettichini alfredo , manda grilled chicken with roasted vegetables , and gary chose steak with baked potato .
christmas afternoon , john roamed the gardens , but no vegetables grew .
the shop around the corner from maggies apartment was a harmonious hodgepodge of sewing notions , eyecups and prophylactics , with creaking wooden display bins filled with fruits and vegetables .
laurent replenished all the wine glasses and then returned to the table from the kitchen with a tray of sausage , cheeses , salad and thin slices of crespaou , a cold vegetable omelet smothered in tomato sauce and herbs .
two trips to the make - your - own stir - fry meat , vegetable , and condiments bar filled me up , and i headed back to the office with renewed vigor .
by saturday afternoon , shed interrupted moving her office stuff down to the basement , to referee a disagreement between beth and lydia about using the vegetables from the gardens .
a vegetable dislodged , bounced off the concrete , smacked my grill .
craig subsided on a hummock of grass , revelling in the contact of soft vegetable matter after the hard , unyielding granite of the mountain .
i always have the tofu , fresh vegetable salad with the house dressing on the side .
the bowl of vegetable soup sent the pungent scent of herbs and spices wafting towards his nostrils .
he went back inside to start preparing the vegetables .
he liked the way that those vegetables tasted after grilling them , especially when he charred the peppers ; he hoped rosie liked them too .
he chopped up the vegetables and put them in a bowl in the refrigerator .
i think were going to have a wonderful evening , i hope you like steak and grilled vegetables .
they took saturdays steaks and vegetables out of the refrigerator and the two friends ate a quiet meal by the side of the pool .
due to ians distinctly high fat , high sugar , barely no fruit or vegetables diet , coupled with a likeness for jogging similar to a jewish persons liking of a pork sausage , he had developed a beer belly and the sort of physique which had him struggling to do such rugged activities as climbing the stairs , mowing the grass or washing the car .
the mrs has put me on a diet at the minute so i am constantly eating bloody steamed vegetables which is hugely disappointing and nowhere near as tasty as cheese , pork pies and fresh cream cakes , so i am in a particularly bad mood and would enjoy tearing a few strips off someone , will be good for moralemainly mine of course , but go on then , get on with it , good luck and for gods sake make sure nothing happens to that little girl ian was out the door as bishop was finishing his sentence , straight in his car and on his way to maida vale .
it had a number of bungalows spread liberally across the island , where they also grew their fruit and vegetables and tried to be as organic and kind to the world as possible .
and maybe now is the time to confess ... only the bill comes and they hand it to me to sign off and its so huge for what was basically some vegetables and mousse that i ca nt speak and i push it to chiara , and she signs it like its nothing .
the garden at the back of the house was filled with herbs and vegetables ; amanda was not one for flowers or fancy plants .
the half acre of land is unkempt and without any specific purpose , no flowers , no vegetables or well kept lawn , exactly how the previous owner left it .
the smell of baking has gone , replaced with the smell of rotting household waste , both vegetable and flesh .
i tend my garden of vegetables and can them for the winter .
we got the non - heated version that contained cold beans , crackers , cold vegetables , rice , and cheese .
( and he was accumulating a fairly large collection of vegetables for which he had no name nor any idea of how to prepare , as mrs . ling , regardless of what he put on the list , always did her shopping in the markets of chinatown . )
sallie 's cooking vegetables if that 's okay . ''
the ladies then covered them with roasted turkeys , hams , sweet potatoes , half a dozen other vegetables and casseroles , and an impressive assortment of cakes and pies .
lunch in the rear of bates grocery was a selection of four vegetables chosen at random from a collection of ten pots and skillets simmering on a large gas stove .
they waited in line as mrs . bates patiently filled their plates with her vegetables and mr . bates collected $ 3.50 from each customer , sweet iced tea and corn bread included .
eat your vegetables like a good boy , and let 's go . ''
that meant that she still had her cognitive abilities somewhat intact and was not going to wake up a vegetable .
` ` he 's been carrying that gun around for the past six months , determined to use it as soon as the pain became unbearable and before the disease turned him into a vegetable .
she pushed away a plate of the health authority 's vegetable stew .
after his suicide attempt he sustained such severe brain damage that he is to all intents and purposes a vegetable . ''
i was sitting at the kitchen counter while dad chopped vegetables and mom browned some beef in a skillet .
she guided her cart until she was at my side , right in the middle of the canned vegetables .
the stir - fry would provide two meals , i figured , the stew at least three ; one night , i would have a baked potato and vegetables ; the remaining meal could be the tortilla casserole and a salad .
after i put the rice in the microwave , i began stir - frying the chicken and vegetables .
the rice and the meat and vegetables were done at almost the same time , and i faced a little dilemma .
i prepared a baked potato and vegetables when i got home , but i hardly tasted the meal .
the aroma of meat and grilled vegetables made my stomach rumble and mellowed out my annoyance .
nieminen was transformed into a vegetable .
that day they also searched cubbyholes , wells , vegetable cellars , outhouses , and attics in the village .
dad 's parents , on the other hand , had been founding members , or in the case of pop - pop , a ninety - two - year - old quasi vegetable whose rich life had been dissolved into useless fragments by alzheimer 's , still was .
they have a buffet lunch with lots of vegetables . ''
i can see him now , walking up behind her as she cut up vegetables .
these girls ate more damn raw vegetables than a family of rabbits .
but for jude , someone who 'd come from not exactly a destitute family , but a poor one , before spending five of his teen years in a boys ' home where hot dogs and canned vegetables were an every night occurrence , this place probably seemed like a foreign land .
all she 'd meant was that ryder and the others were much more likely to smother their pizzas in pepperoni and sausage than they were to put vegetables on them .
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
` ` but i do n't think fresh fruit and vegetables are really that big of a splurge , are they ? ''
call right now and we 'll throw in a vegetable chopper absolutely free . ''
you and a vegetable chopper ? ''
make sure to do your homework and eat all your vegetables , '' stryker said in a falsetto that sounded scarily like my mother .
while pulling out some vegetables to grill , i hear the front door open .
i sound like a child forced to eat her vegetables .
she 's cutting vegetables , oblivious to the fact that i ' m about to drop a bomb directly on to her sweet head .
a vegetable patch traversed the left side of the lawn , which gave her fits with the painstaking maintenance it required .
same time fremantle , western australia ` ` ugh , '' fin muttered as she set the glass of fresh vegetable juice back on the breakfast table .
i was flat - out awful at dicing those vegetables , but being in the kitchen with her had me smiling the entire time , and whatever she was cooking smelled damn good .
fresh vegetables , organic whole grains , oatmeal , fruit , the works .
my fruits , my organic juices , and my vegetables were strewn carelessly all over the counter as if they were just garbage in the way .
furious , i grabbed fruits and vegetables from the counter , washed them , and shoved them into the vitamix blender , thinking evil thoughts about my partner .
ty ordered four kinds of sashimi and a vegetable roll .
they make steamed vegetables and rice too . ''
later , after dinner arrived , we sat at the solid oak dining table drinking iced tea and eating honeyed chicken with a side order of steamed dim sims , steamed vegetables , and rice .
i pushed the vegetables around on my plate a little to make it look like i was eating them .
he began barking and dancing around the orange vegetable as though waiting for it to jump up and join in his playful game .
this last part i 'd found out a week after my first shop with jared when there was nothing left in the house to eat apart from vegetables and a jar of crunchy peanut butter .
she pops a piece of broccoli in her mouth from a vegetable tray .
she had been chopping vegetables and looked like a knife - wielding maniac , which she pretty much was all the time , minus the knife .
every command fell on fogged receptors , rendering me a vegetable .
my eyes latched onto the platter of chicken , vegetables , and bread .
i strolled up the gravel road to my nearest neighbor , a little farm called the patch where people came to pick fresh vegetables and buy eggs .
i wrote , i took the pages to wendy , i bought some vegetables , i picked up the pages , i paid wendy , i mailed the pages to pam , rinse and repeat .
` ` i had ... some vegetables .
we had the works - soup , a big old fat turkey , three different kinds of potatoes , steamed vegetable goodness and gravy , followed by profiteroles and a chocolate pudding .
the vegetables were steaming .
like old times , we chopped vegetables together and i stirred the sauce while dad boiled the pasta .
my side has grilled vegetables on it .
pity she did n't try the meat , she 's sort of a vegetarian so they made her a platter of fresh vegetables .
if it was n't for him , they 'd be throwing rotten vegetables at you . ''
whoever did the shopping had stocked up on everything from fresh fruit and vegetables , to bread , bacon , and cheese , probably expecting or believing sylvie and i could cook .
the smell of roasted meat and vegetables hit my nostrils .
i promise , '' she says in a timid voice , rearranging her vegetables on the porcelain plate .
i did n't know if you were a vegetarian or not , so the taquitos are filled only with vegetables . ''
the taquitos were divine , the vegetables so fresh , the tortilla just the right thickness .
flavor rushed across my tongue , the beef and vegetables combining with just enough spice to make my mouth water for more .
avoid using ice cubes , though i doubt they 'll have refrigeration where you 're going , which is also why you should only eat fruits and vegetables you peel and wash yourself .
eventually we picked up some fresh fruits , vegetables , and other edibles , and made our way back to the car .
forgoing the vegetables , i grabbed a kit - kat and moodily chomped into it .
i made pigs in a blanket , and baked some tater tots , but made sure i cut plenty of fresh vegetables .
there were three different vegetable dishes and a lemon custard pie .
` ` pine nut - crusted flounder , roasted vegetable medley in herb and butter sauce , and tomato bisque . ''
` ` we 'll take sandwiches , and fresh vegetables from the garden .
it held several turkey sandwiches on dark wheat buns , with some sort of white cheese that i could n't have named , and loaded with vegetables .
they were delicious , the vegetables tasting fresh from the garden .
she brought out a large dish of fresh , raw vegetables as well , with a serving of hummus for dipping .
there was fruit , vegetables , tiny sandwiches , hors d'oeuvres , and cheese and crackers .
it was good , stacked with fresh vegetables , a spicy guacamole sauce giving it flavor .
he smiled from the other side of the counter , chopping raw vegetables and drizzling something over them that he 'd just mixed up .
her stuffing chickens , me chopping vegetables .
as we sit cross - legged on the floor , leaning against the couch with boxes of noodles , rice , chicken , vegetables , and egg rolls arranged in front of us , genna brings up the one topic of conversation i want to crawl away and hide from .
the smell of the fresh noodles , vegetables , and chicken fills the room and wafts down the hallway .
was she even big enough to eat vegetables yet ?
after the first round of sex mike would make tenderloin steaks and grilled vegetables on the giant smoker he treated like a second child , while dylan and laura would make fun of him and , maybe , have a little round of lovemaking to themselves .
after he did his quick visual sweep of the produce section to make sure the vegetables were n't staging an attack , he sidled up next to me and bumped my arm .
dinner is four courses of light but filling fare , a citrusy soup , a garden salad , some kind of flavorful , flaky fish with jasmine rice and steamed vegetables , and then dessert .
` ` we absolutely are if you can keep doling out those vegetable serving tips , '' she teased .
` ` i think i 'll have the ribeye , well - done , with the steamed vegetables .
` ` you 're supposed to be eating a lot of green , leafy vegetables for the folic acid . ''
aidan must ' ve placed quite an order for them because there was a huge vegetable tray , one of all kind of sandwich meats and cheeses , and a bowl of fresh fruit .
after grabbing the vegetable and fruit , her eyes landed on a can of whipped cream .
his face was skeptical , like a kid about to eat a new type of vegetable .
his plot was terraced into vegetable gardens , private spaces , and a little utility area with a shed .
dumpling soup , fried rice , korean beef , some lightly sauteed green leafy vegetable with a name i could n't recall .
grilled vegetables .
men are men 'cause they got out from under their momma 's thumb and can say a big ' eff you to vegetables .
` ` mom does n't drain the grease off hamburger meat when making chili , spaghetti , anything and she might say you can help in the kitchen but what she means is , you can stand there , drink a beer and chat with her while she concocts meals that are at least five thousand calories a plate and even the vegetables are fried .
but i 'd noticed that , although sam was n't freakish about his nutrition consumption inasmuch as he did n't demand his vegetables steamed , his chicken grilled and allowed nothing unhealthy to pass his lips and he also would enjoy a beer or three , still , his selections were all relatively healthy and he leaned toward fish and skinless poultry and away from beef , fats and copious carbs .
he had a steak , baked potato and steamed vegetables .
` ` i 'll go get the biscuit dough and vegetable oil , '' dad announced instantly and i felt rather than saw him move because my eyes stuck to meredith .
` ` does that mean i have to steam vegetables ? ''
` ` no , but the only things you have in your fridge are fruit , cottage cheese and vegetables .
` ` do you want vegetables for dinner ? ''
` ` will you display symptoms of post - traumatic stress after you 're forced to steam vegetables and spoon out cottage cheese ? ''
` ` i need to steam vegetables , '' i declared .
` ` does anyone want steamed vegetables ? ''
so , during tabby 's first callout , it would have sucked if cherry was made a vegetable or worse because of tab 's shit .
needless to say , learning to cook in the southern tradition , i grew up in connecticut but i did n't know you could steam vegetables until i moved to denver .
every piece of land surrounding their cabin either had newly planted flowers or vegetables planted in it and they had a fledgling grape arbor .
tate and i need new countertops and carpet and i like the idea of walking on you and slicing vegetables on you .
spread out down two aisles with a large chair at the end rested vegetables , herbs , and bonsai .
waving toward the overladen sideboard full of hors d'oeuvres , fish dishes , meat dishes , roast vegetables , and desserts , he said , ` ` you 're our waitress for this little get together .
grabbing a tiered platter of pate , crusty bread , and pickled vegetables , my mouth watered .
one of mine is growing vegetables and fruit .
he talked about learning to cook and to grow a few vegetables in the back of his garden , all because of laura .
tightening his grip on rose 's hips , they made their way to the vegetables and fruit .
the chicken was cooked through and still juicy , along with all the vegetables .
i ' m going on a diet and only eating vegetables , no meat .
she got out the mincemeat and the fresh tomatoes she 'd picked from the small vegetable garden she maintained .
lexie and devil had joined them , but they were getting all the fresh meats and vegetables while he was collecting the canned goods .
dinner was cooking in the oven , slow cooked lamb with mashed potatoes and vegetables .
` ` let 's see you talk when you 're a f**king vegetable . ''
it was a meat filled pie , and she 'd piled her plate high with mashed potatoes , vegetables , and drowned the plate with gravy .
chapter sixteen nine months later killer stared out over the garden watching as kelsey continued to pull the weeds out of the vegetable patch she insisted on .
` ` how is our vegetable patch coming ? ''
james ordered beef wellington with potatoes and vegetables .
they passed round bowls of potatoes , vegetables , and meat .
steak with boiled potatoes and vegetables awaited them .
when she walked into the shop , she grabbed a shopping trolley and began filling it with fresh fruit and vegetables .
mandy was chopping an array of vegetables to go into a soup pot .
walking to the pot , victoria started to stir the vegetables into the meat so they were all combined .
in the fridge she found a selection of chocolates along with plenty of fresh vegetables and fruit .
she placed some vegetable slaw , chicken , and potato salad onto his desk .
she smelled the freshness in the vegetables and the meat inside .
they had reached the kitchen and kara was pulling lettuce , peppers and other vegetables from the refrigerator .
` ` do you want to help cut the vegetables for a salad ?
he replied as he washed the vegetables and started cutting awkwardly .
he smiles at my words as he walks into the kitchen and begins chopping a few vegetables .
` ` champagne almond chicken , roasted vegetables , and new potatoes . ''
plates were piled high with fruits and vegetables and meat and pastries , but i kept seeing the blank stare of her staff .
alex has barely touched his food - beef strips with wild rice and soggy vegetables .
stalls everywhere sell produce such as cheeses and vegetables .
` ` these , '' he hefted the bags higher ` ` are filled with organic vegetables and pasture - fed beef and some other assorted goodies that i ' m going to - hopefully - transform into something edible with your help . ''
with his fingers loosely hooked on his belt loops , he walked alongside her toward the tables of vegetables to their right .
but at least it did n't smell like rotting fruits and vegetables , so that was a plus .
` ` see , i told you vegetables are yummy , '' miranda said .
i ' ve never seen either of them so enthusiastic about vegetables before . ''
grinning , aidan picked up his knife and fork and sliced off a piece of the vegetable omelet he 'd ordered .
` ` pretty much the only things that i have to eat are chocolate , popcorn and a bunch of frozen vegetables .
he 's not some vegetable !
in the vegetable section of the supermarket i saw a rather large carrot and then quickly walked myself around to stand in front of the dairy case to cool down after my brain served up scenes of mr . stone naked with his thick cock sticking out in front of him .
as i started chopping vegetables for dinner , i resolved to go down to the archives tomorrow .
we had dinner , roast chicken and vegetables that nadine had left behind and talked about anything and everything from my past .
while gary took care of grilling steaks , carla and anne worked together in the kitchen pulling together a salad and broiling vegetables .
she was rubbish at it , and usually turned out yellowed vegetables , crunchy roast potatoes and lumpy gravy , but we never complained .
protein , carbs , fruits and vegetables .
the aroma of vegetables boiling and a roasted goose saturated the air , and in the middle of it all was caitlin .
although they had a gardener to maintain the large beds of flowers , franz reserved a small piece of land on the outskirts of his property for a vegetable patch , which he tended himself .
he asked , while loosening up the soil in the vegetable patch in order to get it ready for planting .
over homemade pasties , vegetable soup and tea , they discussed what happened in their lives in the past four years .
there was rabbit and chicken soup , lamb chops dripped with sauce , crisp vegetables smothered with cream and all kinds of sweetmeats .
eat lots of fruits and vegetables ... nuts ... small amounts of red meat ... fish and chicken ... breads and pastas ...
the servers brought plates of food and we were served lobster , shrimp , scallops , steak , pasta , and vegetables , among many others .
` ` just chicken and vegetables .
and all of our vegetables are fresh from the garden .
` ` it 's based on the fact that meats and poultry are highly acidic foods and vegetables are alkaline .
lisa got fresh fruit and vegetables out and helped grandma madge make a fresh salad .
madge passed around the potatoes , salad , and vegetables .
we always count on her delicious jams and canned vegetables all year long , melanie explained .
when they woke up and joined them in the kitchen , mandy put them to work setting the table and cleaning vegetables for a salad .
soon bowls of steaming vegetables , mashed potatoes , hot rolls and beef with gravy circulated around the table .
in jesus name , amen robert served everyone delicious slices of pot roast , vegetables , and rich gravy from the crock pot .
the women would fix a meal of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , three kinds of salads , hot dinner rolls , and mixed vegetables .
the ladies of the church and the youth helped serve the delicious dinner of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , pasta salad , coleslaw , fruit salad , mixed vegetables , hot rolls , iced tea , coffee , and punch .
i d love a piece of moms pot roast and vegetables !
thanks to my moms and madges green thumbs , we always had fresh fruit and vegetables to eat .
she liked to make jam and grow her own vegetables , she enjoyed cooking and baking , she was always there when her children came home from school to help with homework or ferry them to football matches , ballet classes , gymnastics , chess tournaments , whatever activity they had arranged .
his mother came in and put a bowl of vegetables on the table .
chapter 10 the following week , when she arrived at the market people were already milling down the aisles and queues were forming at the fruit and vegetable stands although it was obvious that some stalls were still in the process of being set up .
she fed him food high in antioxidants , lots of fruit and vegetables , she gave him vitamins e and c to improve his fertility and zinc and folic acid to increase his sperm count , she read that selenium improved the swimming of the sperm and made him take that as well .
she cooked the usual roast from time to time , because that was toms favourite , but she also made game pies in the winter , or a boeuf a la mode , swimming in gravy and surrounded by vegetables from their own garden , she cooked the traditional dishes such as lancashire hotpot and irish stew , french cassoulet and steak and kidney pie .
if harry had not met margery , barbara would never have found out that she had a talent for business , she would still be baking apple pies on sundays and growing her own vegetables .
however , if you 're interested there is the lawn mower factory , they re always looking for vegetables to work on their assembly lines .
she had left some of her vegetables on the side of her plate so mathew made the remark that his parents had always got on to him about leaving them and that there were millions of starving people in india .
sturdy shelves lined the narrow space , and every one overflowed with baskets of roots and vegetables and bundles of dried herbs .
she scurried up the steps to the door with the vegetables tucked into a scoop of her shift fabric .
she shuffled to the hearth with the vegetables that she quite clearly had nt needed .
near mid - day the women brought bowls of bread and vegetables .
old tilly hunched over a pot of vegetables , paring knife flashing , and dropping chunks into yesterdays broth .
the menu is limited to boiled vegetables in a watered - down broth , crusts of bread , that kind of thing .
and drink a lot of fluid so that you wo nt look like a drowned vegetable .
all that , the chef says , and it took me fifteen years to learn to prepare vegetables in a way that would entice mr . cunningham to eat them .
in all fairness to martin , says calder , i still contend that some vegetables are supposed to stay in the dirt and should n't be eaten at all .
to add to this jubilation , the fields were high with corn , and my kitchen garden burst with delicious vegetables .
laquita walked back into the room carrying a large bag of mixed vegetables .
gracie jumped as the bag of vegetables touched her skin .
huge piles of fresh vegetables awaited tomorrow 's thanksgiving feast while a big pot of chili simmered on the back burner .
roses grow in the front yard and vegetables in the backyard , with lots of room for roxy to run and play .
we head out to the farmers market , where i stock up on fresh vegetables and fruits .
she added the vegetables and bread she had also fixed and sat down with the men .
she made some vegetables to compliment the meal and even whipped up a chocolate cake for desert .
no back garden vegetable patches ?
chapter twelve the holidays at lunch , i go to the nursery to pick vegetables .
i bring the vegetables to gabriel whose expression appears grave .
listening to my ipod while picking vegetables , i jump as someone places their hand on my shoulder .
entering the nursery , andrew is holding a basket of fruits and vegetables .
andrew taught the others how to work the fields and would then take the vegetables to market alone .
i have to go and pick some vegetables to give the cook .
nicholas comes over to me to put his vegetables in the basket .
sitting down , he uncovers a small dish of fruits , vegetables and dips .
thankfully , she came back soon with the steaming piles of chicken and vegetables , though by now my stomach had turned into too many knots to truly enjoy the meal .
lunch came with another unexpected surprise the first harvest of winter vegetables was in .
i miss salads and fresh fruit and vegetables that do nt come out of a glass jar .
she was lifting a heavy pot of vegetable soup from the stove when he sauntered in .
surprisingly , the concoction of meat , fruit and vegetables was a meal to be savored , and she did .
jenni also knew that you did n't want to cook food , such as meat or vegetables right on a grate ; fridge grates were high in nickel and not good for the human system .
abby could nt wait to bite into her favorite vegetarian pizza , covered in several types of cheese and various vegetables .
abby glanced up at caleb as she took a bite of the most delicious polenta with roasted vegetables .
she opened the refrigerator and stared at the large array of fresh fruits and vegetables .
he knew she must have carried the water from the well , and he suspected she had recently dug the vegetables herself as he recalled seeing neat rows of plants on the opposite side of the cottage from the walled garden .
as she set the vegetables on the table , he took hold of her hand , pressing his lips into her palm , inhaling the scent of the earth , the food , and the water still lingering there .
fruit , vegetables , meat , milk ?
together they washed and cut vegetables to add to a simmering broth .
send a dollar by return mail and you will get an eight thousand word booklet , postpaid , and in addition you will get a folder describing what is mineral , vegetable and animal life , and a drawing of a perpetual motion holder .
there was fruit , yogurt , eggs , fat - free milk , and all kinds of fresh vegetables .
spring vegetables and a beef dish i have yet to name .
my mom listened to me and expressed her disappointment , today i had prepared vegetable biriyani , your favourite dish , '' i thought for a while that in any case i would nt be getting anything to eat that afternoon .
the rest of the space was taken up with water , mineral water , and tonic water , and a well aged bottle of tequila sitting in the vegetable chiller .
the lower drawers of emille 's refrigerator were packed with fruits and vegetables .
fruits and vegetables galore were bagged and stored in flat packages in the freezer .
it held the recipe for chicken soup made with non - starchy vegetables .
initially , we were hit with the sickly sweet smell of rotten fruit and vegetables and eggs and dairy products in the refrigerated section .
no sense filling up on vegetables with dessert still to come .
getting rid of this barbaric vegetable .
if the bounder challenges our right to hurl vegetables , ill run him through with a stake of christmas holly .
the vegetables will be fine .
were each to bring a can of vegetables , dress as a hobo , and show up at the fellowship hall at six oclock .
um , so the ... ah ... risotto with winter vegetables ?
she only cooks vegetables .
the row of restaurants and store fronts with open carts of fruit and vegetables taunted her .
she found fresh vegetables in the fridge and prepared a salad while the noodles boiled .
pasta with braised vegetables and sheep cheese .
in the meantime , we can wash and slice the vegetables .
katja did as instructed , scraping the sliced vegetables from the cutting board into the pan .
katja nodded and gave the vegetables a whirl .
now to add crme and a bit of salt and pepper to the vegetables .
the soup was thick with meat and vegetables , with just the right amount of spice .
she set down the bowls of vegetables on the table next to sarah combs 's dinner plate .
mr . maher handed him the platter and grabbed another filled with sliced vegetables .
later , when three steaks sizzled on the grill , he slipped into the kitchen and watched her slice vegetables for the salad .
he stared at the vegetables , checked the fridge again , and even pulled open the freezer to stare in it .
a selection of seasonal vegetables accompanies it .
karl manoeuvred them around a horse and wagon that were offloading fresh fruit and vegetables into the bowels of the ship .
he would start with the chicken and vegetable consomm , following it with roast beef and yorkshire pudding .
a spot for flowers , vegetables , a generous lawn ... an ideal space for kids .
the little cook was busily chopping vegetables into man - sized chunks as johnnie halted behind her and gazed down at the top of her gray head .
she shook his hand then watched him as he moved the beer bottles aside and made room for his plate of vegetables .
next to the barn , a covered area housed the kitchen where four older girls and two women peeled potatoes and cleaned vegetables , singing as they worked .
my professionally landscaped garden has turned into a vegetable patch because i ca nt stand the taste of plastic vegetables .
my professionally landscaped garden has turned into a vegetable patch because i ca nt stand the taste of plastic vegetables .
dana reached for a carrot and the vegetable peeler beside her .
this from helen , who d already heaped her plate with animal products and green vegetables .
well , i watched carefully then taught myself this afternoonwith vegetable oil and cider vinegar .
together they picked tomatoes , squash , cucumbers , and other vegetables .
jenny set a plate of sliced vegetables on the table and brant lifted the pot of beans with a pot holder and ladled scoops onto everyone 's plates .
the early morning ninety minute sessions in the gym , the six meals a day , the tuna , the chicken breasts , the protein powder , the steamed green vegetables had all been worth it .
she could still continue to have oats , salad , vegetables , chicken and fish as her main staples .
my eyes lingered over words like sauted vegetables and generously glazed pecans .
michael whipped up fettuccini alfredo with steamed vegetables while i sat at his fancy table , trying to hide my thoughts by browsing social news on my phone .
i only enjoy unprotected vegetables .
and he says it just like that , so there s a big pause in the middle of his sentence , so everyone thought he was going to say sex , see , but then he says vegetable , and the whole class breaks up .
then she s called away to the office on some business or tother , but before she goes , she pulls out of her purse all sorts of long vegetables and fruit , like a plastic banana and a italian squash and an eggplant even a warty little pickle , and she tells us to practice .
we used a cutting board to slice vegetables together , and at one point , he popped a slice of red pepper into my mouth and i reciprocated by giving him a slice of a green one .
they went to a bread store for bread , and a cheese store for cheese , separate shops for coffee , pasta , and meat , and an open market for fruits and vegetables .
as well as garden picked vegetables , and succulent once forgotten fruits whose juices ran down the front of your clothes , if you were n't careful .
when i lived in the woods , i mostly ate fruits and vegetables .
ravens skill had helped them start a farm that provided adequate vegetables and fruit .
how about a good , balanced meal with fresh vegetables and meat ?
fruit and vegetables can be colorful and aesthetically appealing ; you would experience your food a lot more .
across the table sean started on his own meal , a steak so large it covered the plate beneath it , with a loaded baked potato and vegetables on the side .
he d managed to finish everything including the steamed vegetables .
he had clearly looked pleased to be excused from preparing dinner , saying that all he was good for was heating up ready - made food or making a vegetable soup , scrambled eggs and sandwiches .
he sold only fresh , locally grown fruits and vegetables , and the bulk of his dairy and meat supplies came from local farmers and ranchers as well .
lauren stopped chopping the vegetables and looked over at her sister .
it was fully stocked with fruits , vegetables , and chicken breasts .
she looked down at her vegetables and continued making the salad .
for dinner tonight , they found various breads that dale had already made , some vegetables and fruit .
the guys did all the gutting and soon skewers of fish and vegetables were grilling over the open campfire .
his black uniform sweater was littered with stickers from various fruits and vegetables and his pants had patches where mud had caked to them .
my mom made , like , a vat of her vegetable soup , she offered .
gabriel walked beside yoshi for several miles in silence passing women in home - spun wool gowns carrying baskets containing various vegetables and fruits .
she heard quentin opening a door down the hall , so she busied herself chopping vegetables .
i glanced inside and my stomach churned at the various states of decomposing vegetables and spoiled milk .
we had to act fast , so instead of arguing with julie about it , i walked to the kitchen and opened the fridge , only to find nothing but a jug of water , a bottle of mustard , and a wrinkly radish in the bottom of the vegetable crisper .
whole grains , low in saturated fat , emphasis on vegetables and fruits , locally sourced and mostly organic .
roasted vegetables , for example .
grilled chicken breast , brown rice or baked sweet potato and steamed vegetables , salmon , sole , grass - fed beef .
a smaller plate held raw vegetables and there was a bowl of fresh strawberries and blueberries for dessert .
he scooped ham and vegetables into the butter , sauting them lightly , adding the egg batter at just the right moment .
her metal spatula rang against the grill as she stir - fried chicken and vegetables for a pita , and all the time she heard their voices and laughter ringing in her ears .
but i did care once , when i had a brain that calculated more complicated tasks than the number of potatoes that serves four for vegetable soup , back when i had something to say that did nt end in discipline or disappointment .
imagining them sliding over her hips , she swung her cute ass into the fruit and vegetables section .
she loaded several kilos of vegetables into her trolley at random .
blanche carelessly made her way to the deli section where , completely ignoring the bargain price family tub of humus , she bought small amounts of hare pt with poire williams , black bread , white cheese , a selection of pre - washed mixed leaves , a handful of miniature vegetables , and of course , a bunch of outsize scarlet blooms .
she ducked into the fridge , pretending to hunt for the salad and only finding a tiny bag of miniature vegetables that were past their best .
she doused some pre - cooked rice and vegetables with butter , thrust them into the microwave , and opened a packet of japanese crackers .
to hell with vegetables .
shellfish and salad and chips and chicken wings and milk shakes and a dish of stewed vegetables and a bottle of chilled white wine .
there were no demands for more ice cream , no dizzying orders of fried fish or vegetable stew .
at the grocery store , she picked out a small selection of soups : beef and vegetable , chicken and noodle , tomato .
half of the area boasted growing vegetables and fruits , the other half , uncultivated but pleasantly filled with wildflowers surrounding a stone bench .
prising the top away , i was pleased to find an instantly steam - heated main course of fish and exotic vegetables , including a cluster of chips .
we stayed alive by farming our own vegetables and livestock , which was manageable , but when the skyfall finally infiltrated our underworld too , we had nothing left to eat .
i never knew if the french washed their vegetables as a rule .
after all they came from the ground , [ the vegetables , not the french !
i chop the vegetables , cut the chicken , start the noodles soaking , fry the ingredients together .
the bar is stock full of vegetables , stuffing , cranberry sauce , this pink fluffy stuff that is apparently a mccain tradition , mashed potatoes , a huge bowl full of homemade rolls .
she then added the entire jar of spaghetti sauce to the beef and vegetables in the pan and stirred with her wooden spoon .
he decided he would prepare a simple beef stir - fry with vegetables and steamed rice to bring up the girls strength .
ro looked down at her plate of extravagant - looking pasta - it had shrimps , pieces of lobster , crab , and mussels and vegetables like cubed yellow bell peppers .
ali was constantly in trouble ; she would nt eat her vegetables , she wanted bows in her hair all the time when i did nt want anything in my own .
if we were having ham , that meant that there would be salad , stuffing , vegetables , various types of potato salads , deviled eggsbasically an affair fit for the gods .
i wondered what it would be like to sink my teeth into a beautiful , medium rare steak , perhaps with a baked potato beside it or a green vegetable that was n't soggy lettuce .
twenty minutes later , joan returned with a steaming plate of chicken and vegetable stir fry over white rice .
the scent of scrambled eggs , french toast , and sauting vegetables slammed into her nose , making her mouth water .
alan sampled some of the scrambled eggs and vegetables , and made a similar sound of pleasure .
picking up one of the containers , he takes out a puffed pastry with vegetables and feeds it to me .
shed also put a lot of extra vegetables from our garden into the deep freeze to last throughout the winter .
* * * why did you buy so many fruits and vegetables ?
and that s how he ended up with all these fruits and vegetables .
before he parted ways with hunter , he d even drummed into his ears that he must tell clarice to eat all those fruits and vegetables , especially the apples , and had given him a note regarding the research on apples too .
i thought you might like to eat some fruits and vegetables since you re pregnant now , max uttered , looking away , knowing he was lying again .
hence , they came up with this elaborate plan at the grocery store , where he had forced max to carry all the many fruits and vegetables he d bought for clarice .
both men washed up at the sink then sat down to enjoy pot roast , mashed potatoes , steamed vegetables , and fruit salad .
or a nice big dinner salad with all kinds of greens and other vegetables , garnished with slices of hard cooked eggs and a few nuts and dried cranberries topped with a light vinaigrette dressing .
i had the chicken browned and was just adding the vegetables to the wok when aiden got home .
it was a creamy mixture with some type of potato and green vegetable .
they all sat at the big kitchen table most of the day , listening to family stories and devouring the never - ending plates of meats , cheeses , vegetables and sweets that mrs . collins made sure kept finding their way to the table .
* * * i was standing by the kitchen sink , chopping up some vegetables for a salad .
i threw the vegetables into the bowl .
the eight - year - old me is busy collecting vegetables and making mud pies in the garden behind our house .
we could open a store with all of these vegetables .
but i m not done collecting the vegetables .
a huge vegetable garden was laid out .
a vegetable never came near that meal tonight .
they re a vegetable , right ?
he grew most of the produce she used in her restaurant on his organic farm and the quality of his fruits and vegetables were a large part of her restaurants success .
it had come with the house when mamma and daddy inherited it from her grandfather wade , along with the hardware store they ran now a thriving building supply business where vegetable seeds could be bought by the scoop full , and lumber or shingles by the truckload .
just a mug of that creamy chicken and vegetable soup you made yesterday , with maybe a piece of toast on the side ?
it was a dish of chicken and pasta and vegetables , flavored with a can of cream of celery soup in true nineteen - sixties style , and tully hoped she had nt over - cooked the pasta or undercooked the broccoli before putting the whole thing in a big lasagna dish and finishing it off in the oven with a layer of grated cheese on top .
the turkeys out of the oven and the vegetables are done .
seth had gone out once and bought as much water as he could along with extra tinned fruit and vegetables .
he got up and opened a tin of vegetables and added them to the pan .
a large fountain sat along one wall where a table with four chairs sat surrounded by a lush garden of vines and flowers and a small vegetable garden off to the right .
he just needed to run over and help your grandpa for a little while , i reply as i start chopping up some vegetables that are nt familiar to me .
as dippers well have vegetables , crackers , tortilla chips and bread .
nate asked as he helpfully grabbed some of the vegetable dippers and started chopping .
i also took all the vegetables that nate had prepared and got them ready to store .
it could be she just did nt like the breath - destroying vegetable , but he preferred to look at it as a continuation of her maybe from earlier .
she had already formulated a loose plan for the extra space in her mind the additional high south facing wall would provide both passive solar heating for the greenhouses that she wanted for tender seedlings , extended - season fruits and vegetables and vertical space to train roses and espaliered fruit trees .
no politely refined garden rooms here , full of well - tended planting and thoughtfully placed seating bounded by walls , neatly clipped hedges and topiary , or anything that remotely resembled a finished garden of the ilk of bois des moutiers and no tidy row - upon - row of weed - free vegetables as shed seen in the walled potagers of chateaux de miromesnil and bosmelet , but still , darcy was more pleased to see the unpolished vistas through the trees than she could say .
and there would be a potager with beds of vegetables laid out in sandwich - shaped triangles , upright frames for beans and peas , and , as in all the other rooms more perennial borders around the edges to provide all year colour and interest .
i m surprised you do nt have a little women waiting for you at home , i said as i decided to start cutting the vegetables for the soup .
i got out a big stock pot and poured a couple large containers of chicken broth in , followed by the vegetables .
okay , now i need three people to help dice up vegetables .
anyone can brown hamburger and chop up a few vegetables .
i was a little surprised to find the fresh vegetables in the store .
he ca nt live without fresh vegetables , and he decided to grow enough to sell , kyle said .
he 'd developed quite the fondness for the earth vegetable , especially the heirloom varieties .
one chef prepared the bird and the vegetables .
he took a step forward leaning against the long table in the middle of the room that was covered in vegetables .
its japanese black beef with a side of potatoes and the salsify is a european root vegetable .
i would n't accept candy or free rides or anything just vegetables , fruits , grains , and some water .
there are no vegetables to be had .
after a short rest , she headed back to the vegetable beds .
the vegetables would not grow without help , after all .
we d get a masters in horticulture with business applications , and since we both have degrees in botony , we d be in great shape to open up a business , maybe a garden centre or grow vegetables by hydroponics , or something in that line .
i had made a vegetable plot on the right side of the house where it was offered some shelter from the west wind .
the best part is , its reliable , efficient and the vegetables taste great !
so you would be growing vegetables ?
what kind of vegetables ?
they found they all depended on imported vegetables coming from dublin and that these , were over - priced and often of poor quality .
these , were often more valuable to the restaurants than the vegetables because it was hard to get them in fresh enough condition , to be of value .
the reception by the restaurants to the option of a fresh supplier close by , producing all year , top quality and organic vegetables and herbs for less than they were now paying , was enthusiastic .
it was amazing how most of them went for the same vegetables .
there are many possibilities for expanding with additional herbs , vegetables and fruits .
it was really a simple meal - chicken , potatoes , vegetables - but it had the house smelling wonderful .
for a week now thomas had been offering thomas jr . food , mashing up vegetables and other foods .
taking my usual seat at the side of the table , i greeted ellie , the adorable grey haired woman that had served as my familys maid for the past 30 years , and thanked her profusely as she presented me with a silver platter topped with a steaming serving of turkey and dressing ; along with some generous sides of seasoned vegetables and cranberry sauce .
clearing my throat loudly , i welcomed the very timely arrival of our waiter ; a jovial , crisply tuxedoed gent who set before me a steaming hot plate of coq au vin , buttered mashed potatoes and seasoned mixed vegetables ; all served up with a sparkling beverage i immediately identified as champagne .
i listened with admiration as he proceeded to order them a classic feast of coq au vin , spiced potatoes , steamed vegetables and creamy chocolate mousse ; then oliver turned to me with a dazzling smile as he covered my hand with his .
i chewed and made complimentary noises as we ate a gourmet dinner ; a meal of succulent lamb , seasoned mashed potatoes , steamed vegetables and a rich chocolate fondant that , on an ordinary basis , i would have enjoyed very much .
she planned to sleep all day tomorrow , eat vegetables right out the can if she had any in the pantry .
although her parents had done a fine job of stocking her cabinets , once at the grocery store she loaded the cart with meat , vegetables , and anything else she thought might keep her from venturing out into the cold again .
with a heavy sigh he ladled more vegetables onto his plate and said , i ca nt promise to let it go forever .
in high school , she worked all summer on a farm picking fruit and vegetables to save up to buy it second hand .
platters overflowed with beautifully garnished meats and vegetables and several bottles of wine had been uncorked , breathing and waiting to be poured .
he had brought chicken salad croissants , a plate full of vegetables and fruit , baked chips , and brownies for dessert .
kim sat at the breakfast table peeling potatoes while ava chopped vegetables at the counter .
she shifted her piles of vegetables and grabbed the carrots and began slicing .
ava planned on making steak with grilled potatoes and vegetables .
the steaks had marinated all day in one of lucy 's original recipes and she had just finished chopping the vegetables and potatoes .
if the vegetables and potatoes would get cooked enough so they would n't crunch .
the vegetables and potatoes were satisfactory and she was quite pleased .
lindsay tossed the vegetable to him , then turned away as if nothing extraordinary had happened .
focusing on deep - frying the vegetable tempura , adrian resisted glancing at lindsay too often .
` ` it 's convenient , '' he agreed , returning his attention to cooking the last of the batter - coated shrimp and vegetables .
she sat on the edge of the blanket and tossed small pieces of some kind of vegetable near the edge of the clearing , where the grasses began their domination of the landscape .
it gave them great status to know in advance that the planning applications had been approved , a walled kitchen garden to grow their own vegetables planned and oil - fired central heating for the whole house installed .
' we should have our own produce here : potatoes , vegetables , fruit .
he was indeed captivated by orla 's conversations with the butcher , the cheesemaker and all the feeling and prodding of vegetables in the greengrocer 's .
he had found a nice girl , grew vegetables and kept chickens .
he heaved bags of vegetables out of the back of his van and carried large amounts of meat back into it , ready for the freezer .
' yes , but dad is n't allowed to have his vegetables anywhere that they can be seen .
she had more to say , but there was a commotion in the kitchen ; rigger had just arrived with the vegetables for tonight 's dinner and she had work to do .
while round the corner , a pavement of fitted stones stretched wider than the whole river ness , and those stones covered from one side to the other in barrows and wagons and stalls , rioting with fruit and vegetables and flowers and fish and meat ... she 'd given michael back his filthy handkerchief and was panting like a dog , turning her face to and fro , trying to draw all the wonderful smells into herself at once .
sister eustacia had been very kind , taking her and a couple of other new postulants round the walled estate , showing them the big gardens where the convent grew medicinal herbs and fruit and vegetables for the table , the chapel where devotions were held six times a day , plus mass in the mornings , the stables and kitchens , where they would take turns working - and the great hopital des anges , the order 's main work .
luckily , the salmon was so huge that sister george arranged for the fish - seller to deliver it to the convent , along with the other briny purchases , and so they had room in their baskets for fresh vegetables and fruit , and so passed from neptune 's realm to that of demeter .
he smiled at her , and touching one of the peculiar vegetables , said in slow , simple french , ' you do n't want the big ones .
a distant clop of hooves , as the farmers ' wagons came in from the country , full of vegetables , fresh meat , eggs and flowers .
she 'd actually started to relax by the time they finished their delicious appetizers and three gleaming steaks arrived , accompanied by mounds of fresh vegetables .
eve would be locked away , if not in jail , in some mental institution where they 'd make a vegetable out of her .
` ` we 'll see how quickly you change your mind when i make a vegetable out of you .
` ` they ' ve turned her into a vegetable , '' she said , her eyes shiny with tears .
continued existence as a lifeless vegetable in restraints .
what 's your vegetable ? ''
but i recommend the salad instead of the vegetable .
if this is the truth , do n't bother going in for lunch , either , unless you want to keep chewing your vegetables throughout the day . ''
too many times the vegetable came out limp and soggy .
jessica dipped her spoon into the creamy sausage broth and filled her mouth with vegetables .
plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables , '' he emphasized .
i ' ve been eating well , with lots of fresh fruit and vegetables . ''
no sooner were they handed menus than a basket of warm bread appeared , along with a relish tray , overflowing with fresh vegetables and a variety of black and green olives .
blood squirted across the vegetables and dotted the countertop .
his mom 's a vegetable .
` ` billy said mom was a vegetable . ''
they sat down at the table together and jody passed the vegetables .
timmy judiciously sorted through the vegetables until he 'd located three stubby green beans .
the scent of fresh bread baking mingled with roast beef and vegetables .
home now , her spirits soaring , she stood barefoot in the kitchen chopping vegetables for a huge salad when the phone rang .
the aisles between the vendors ' stalls were crowded with customers buying seafood , vegetables and flowers , both fresh and dried .
leave it to southerners to figure out a way to make eating vegetables unhealthy .
and steamed vegetables . ''
standing there in the vegetable patch with her hands all covered in dirt , she finally made her decision - she would go to him and ask him about lady harriett , and if he denied any connection to the woman , isabella would accept his offer of marriage .
paul had smoked and drank and refused to eat vegetables .
he brought out ice , glasses , a bottle of rum , and all the extra vegetables from the kitchen .
tender steak tips , baby vegetables and new potatoes in a rich gravy made a satisfying main course , and he was sure he could n't eat another thing until they uncovered the desserts - tiny eclairs and profiteroles , delicate tarts and hand - decorated cakes .
when we reached the counter , i ordered a grilled vegetable and cheese panini with two pomegranate smoothies , asking them to hold the one with a protein shot for thirty minutes so i could eat in .
everything was ready , and i was in the kitchen cutting vegetables when the doorbell rang .
i had returned to chopping the vegetables i had abandoned earlier , but paused as i heard her words .
there were steaks and fish , salad with bacon , steaming dishes of vegetables and what had to be some of the biggest shellfish i 'd ever seen .
the contents of my refrigerator consisted of the odd vegetable , questionable takeout , and frozen dinners .
` ` as in medieval stocks , that thing they put people in on the town square so everyone could throw foul vegetables at them ? ''
we cook dinner together , no small endeavor as i ' m more interesting in snacking on bella 's neck than cutting vegetables or stirring the sauce , but she eventually still manages to produce a delectable meal .
then she narrows her eyes and keeps glaring at both of us before she resumes chopping vegetables with a vengeance .
the fondue evening at rose and emmett 's hardly counts as a social minefield , although some altercations ensue over dropped and supposedly stolen meat and vegetables .
she laughed making me feel like i 'd just moved a mountain instead of agreeing to chop vegetables for her .
i forced a smile and focused all my attention on the vegetables in front of me .
we worked in silence and i tried hard to focus on the vegetables i was supposed to be chopping up while she kneaded and rolled supposed to be chopping up while she kneaded and rolled out the dough .
cage asked walking into the kitchen and jumping up to take a seat on the bar right beside where i was chopping vegetable for my salad .
starters are swiftly removed from the table and replaced with salmon and an array of colourful vegetables .
the fish vendors had gone home , and the dewy , beautiful vegetables had been boxed up until tomorrow .
she was past the fish market and down to the vegetables when she realized what route she 'd chosen .
i did n't know where he 'd grown up , if he 'd ever been married or engaged before , if his parents were alive or if he had siblings or if he liked vegetables .
she was a bit of a food critic and the omelet was light and fluffy and the vegetables were cooked to perfection .
the dish was fantastic with a beef so tender it fell off the bone and was surrounded by a host of vegetables , in a delicious broth .
she began chopping vegetables while her mind wandered .
` ` i 'll have the yellow fin tuna with vierge sauce and vegetables .
sushi , sashimi , pork and chicken katsu , and even the occasional vegetable tempura .
i wanted to kiss him so badly , but he reached for a piece of battered and fried sweet potato from our vegetable tempura plate .
a quaint tablecloth , with a spread of sandwiches , potato salad , and sliced , raw vegetables are between us .
the wagon was filled with vegetables and fruit , and the owner was currently relieving himself in an alley .
she ate cooked meat and vegetables , if baked potatoes counted as a vegetable .
she ate cooked meat and vegetables , if baked potatoes counted as a vegetable .
we grew our own vegetables , kept chickens and goats , bees .
the sidewalk was awash with asians - men and women moving doggedly past open markets selling live fish , barbecued meat , and thousands of vegetables that tommy could put no name to .
delivery trucks blocked the streets as they dropped off their loads of fresh fish , meat , and vegetables .
she threw her arms around him , kissed him , and said , ` ` oh , i ' m so glad i did n't turn you into a vegetable . ''
simon nodded and looked at the book , then at the shelf of vegetables before him .
he flipped through the pages , then stopped on a page of cake mixes and began looking at the shelf of vegetables .
rummaging in the vegetable bin , she located a useable green pepper , half an onion and a questionable - looking zucchini , which she deftly tossed in the garbage .
the pan was hot and she cut off a small slice of butter and let it melt before tossing in the chopped vegetables .
she poured the beaten eggs on the semi - cooked vegetables and added a heaping handful of grated cheese .
once and only once had jacqueline sampled the slimy green vegetable .
she 'd nearly gagged just looking at it and now her son was telling her he enjoyed this disgusting vegetable .
she added a variety of items to dip , including bread , sliced vegetables and fresh apples and pears .
among the identifiable remains , she found old tuna fish , green - tinged cottage cheese , rotting fruit and vegetables .
a large vegetable garden took up a good part of the backyard .
the beef soup was homemade and full of vegetables and pieces of seasoned meat .
i took a tray of raw cut - up vegetables and dip from the refrigerator .
it was difficult to get cody to eat vegetables and he could be downright inventive at finding reasons he should n't have to .
` ` vegetables . ''
anne marie sorted through the cartons of milk and juice , the vegetables , cereal , cheese and bread , and organized them as logically as she could so dolores would n't have any problem locating what she needed .
she made a cobb salad for dinner , with grilled chicken strips , blue cheese , hard - boiled eggs and sliced pickled beets , one of her favorite vegetables .
i needed something in my belly so i grabbed a protein bar or a vegetable drink .
she read labels , talked to the butcher requesting a special cut , and smelled and squeezed the fruit and vegetables .
she soon had the vegetables in the sink and started organizing ingredients on the counter .
` ` she baked it in the oven with different vegetables and then parceled out the leftovers to whoever came for the meal .
while the pig liked carrots and fresh vegetables , she was careful with his diet and mostly fed him pig feed .
on the floor was a small bowl full of crunchy vegetables for gregory to snack on .
you were named after a vegetable ? ''
she lives alone now , and i just do n't think she eats enough vegetables .
tender chunks of chicken , fresh vegetables that were n't cooked to mush , lots of flavorful broth .
the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden - vegetables and flowers - now looked like a real garden .
as they walked to the back door , she studied the small vegetable garden and the strawberry patch , dotted with succulent red berries .
` ` it 's a matter of being healthy , eating right , getting in the required number of fruits and vegetables .
she 'd forced herself not to tell bruce that she was worried rachel was n't getting enough fruit and vegetables or high - quality protein .
the salads and vegetable selections had n't altered much from the time olivia was a child .
they walked between long stalls , laden with every kind of fruit and vegetable .
` ` i ' m trying a few new recipes , '' she told maryellen , busily arranging vegetables , cans and other ingredients on the counter .
she 's on this kick about eating vegetables and fresh fruit .
dinner - roast chicken and gravy , roasted root vegetables and salad - was wonderful , although olivia felt slightly on edge .
she had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving for beauty with the flower gardens in front .
the farmers ' market had started the first saturday of may , and although there were only a few homegrown vegetables available this early in the season , grace enjoyed going there each week .
the meat was tough , the vegetables were overcooked , the milk was too cold .
she 'd chosen fresh green beans for the vegetable ; they were simmering on the stove .
i had vegetable soup and a multigrain bagel with low - fat cream cheese , '' he added righteously .
seeing that she needed to watch her calorie intake - the doctor 's words , not hers - teri decided on vegetable beef soup , with a plain green salad .
once inside , he did a wide sweep of the perimeter , hurrying past the deli , the fresh fruits and vegetables and then the frozen - food section .
after she 'd placed the bottom crusts in three different casserole dishes , she made the gravy and added the cut - up chicken and sauteed vegetables .
they had gone to see the cows being milked in st . james 's park , and the fruit and vegetable sellers hawking their wares in covent garden .
she served a hot roast with vegetables , and a jam tart with custard , to henry , will , tessa , and jem for dinner .
the sideboard was piled with food meant for dinner - fish and vegetables , lately cleaned and prepared .
heavy with overcooked vegetables and tough meat , it was even more unappetizing - looking in the dim light of the dining room .
she hummed and smiled her way around the kitchen as she gave an absent stir to the potatoes and then checked on the vegetables .
` ` roasted chicken with apricot honey glaze along with garlic potatoes and vegetables , '' lily announced .
there were steamed vegetables , rice and bread rolls .
no ruined vegetable garden shows the first signs of spring .
some of the older houses had pits dug beneath them for storing vegetables , but the root cellars did n't qualify as basements and , if push came to shove , would hold a handful of people but not the twenty or so who made their way to the richardsons ' .
she directed me in helping her prepare an elaborate spread of food , pasta , homemade sauce in clear mason jars , some kind of dish with sauteed chicken and roasted red peppers , steamed vegetables ... too many other dishes and sides to remember or name .
biddy led her back to where she 'd been working when evelinde had entered , pausing beside a bit of clean counter not far away , then glanced around , her gaze stopping on a young blond maid chopping vegetables .
evelinde smiled at that gleeful greeting from biddy as she entered the kitchen and paused to peer toward where fergus and another man were carrying in large cloth bags of vegetables that were to be prepared for the evening meal .
` ` when we returned , i sent her in to start chopping her vegetables while i brought the rabbits here to clean and skin them . ''
i ' m stunned to realize that the cheese and vegetables have been cleared away and now there 's a salad sitting in front of us .
i prepared the meal of baked chicken breast and steamed vegetables and i ' m the lousiest cook i ' ve ever met .
she had been up at sunrise , hoeing the weeds out of her small vegetable garden , feeding the geese , washing her car .
a colorful array of fresh vegetables lay on a counter , and there was a bowl of fresh fruit sitting on the center work island .
he slowly limped around the yard , taking in every detail , while rachel fed joe and the geese , then set to work gathering the ripe vegetables from the garden .
he began helping her gather the vegetables from the garden , and he worked some with joe , gaining more of the dog 's trust and showing rachel how highly trained joe was .
within a month she had been going about her normal activities , trying to salvage some of the vegetables in the garden , which had become overgrown from neglect .
by midafternoon , stephanie and anita had disappeared into the kitchen to make homemade dressing and a bake - ahead vegetable casserole .
the fridge was stocked with water , wine and soda along with fresh vegetables .
of late , all she wanted to do was sleep and she had added an extra serving of fruits and vegetables to her diet each day .
there 's freshly shredded cheddar in that tub , sour cream in this one and raw vegetables and dip in there . ''
baked chicken , vegetables and rice deep > she , with hot rolls straight out of the oven .
rio looked up from where he stood in the kitchen chopping vegetables on a cutting board .
` ` hey '' -cath watched wren pile vegetables on her plate- '' did we ever write any fic with simon and baz dancing ? ''
` ` her roommate 's boyfriend , '' wren said , stirring her vegetable soup .
she had to give him credit , he had only paused for a brief moment before he handed her the sharp knife to cut the vegetables up .
then she gathered up the formula and bottles and tiny jars of strained fruit and vegetables , and wrote out a feeding and sleeping schedule that would have made an air traffic controller proud .
for almost an hour , she lost herself in slicing vegetables for stir - fry , and making marah 's favorite teriyaki marinade .
only a few short blocks from the historic center of town , this lively market sprang up on a patch of pavement every friday from noon to five : white tent roofs rose above it all like ice - cream peaks ; beneath them , a dazzling , glittering array of fruits and nuts , berries , herbs , vegetables , crafts , and honey .
she had a long , low table set up , draped in newspaper - the sunday comics this week - and dotted with boxes that held this week 's crop : bright red apples , plump raspberries , baskets full of herbs , and the vegetables : green beans , tomatoes , broccoli , and summer squash .
fruits , nuts , vegetables , and grains .
she often thought that her tears had been the moisture that made her vegetables grow .
she stopped chewing on her fingernails and traded her obsession for marijuana and alcohol into one for organic fruits and vegetables .
from here , she could see that dorothy 's small vegetable garden was teeming with growth : bright red tomatoes , green beans , rows of leafy broccoli .
she prayed while her vegetables put down their roots and gathered the strength to grow ; she prayed while the apples budded on her trees and began to ripen .
the meat is pink , moist and tasted like oranges , the vegetables are fresh and cooked perfectly and i want to lick the sauce of the plate but i think that would be a faux pas .
next stop is to the supermarket where i get sports drinks that contain electrolytes , chamomile tea , honey , noodles , and vegetables .
i throw the meat and vegetables in , cover it with cold water , and turn the heat on high .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
` ` it smells delicious , '' said julia , trying not to ravenously inhale the scent of cooked meat and vegetables that wafted from her plate .
` ` i eat lots of vegetables .
` ` julia , '' rachel hissed , putting a pile of vegetables into one side of the double sink .
now help me wash some vegetables .
but stupid me , i decided to cook a martha stewart recipe for stuffed roast chicken , twice - baked potatoes , and vegetables . ''
they began passing vegetables and turkey and scott 's mashed potatoes .
` ` beef tea and vegetable stock , both salted lightly .
they seemed to be rolled logs of rice around a thin sheet of processed seaweed , with strips of avocado and various vegetables tucked in the center .
in addition to turkey and all the fixings , there were a number of salads and vegetable dishes , plus fresh - baked rolls still warm from the oven .
the pungent aroma of stewing lamb , vegetables and basil filled the apartment .
another plate , heaped high with sizzling hot chicken and crisp vegetables , was brought by wong su , who offered maryanne a grin .
rachel 's left some of her rosemary chicken and mixed vegetable something or other .
i reached into the crisper drawer and modeled the large vegetable in front of my crotch .
outside the front were stands of fresh fruits and vegetables .
not the paltry fare typically found in the average sandwich , but hearty chunks of real meat , cooked and seasons to perfection , with real , fresh chopped vegetables and homemade sauces spread throughout .
she plucked a raw carrot from the vegetable tray in front of her , swiping it in ranch dressing .
i blinked at the food - fruits , vegetables , milk , lunch meat , juice .
there was a veritable rainbow of chopped vegetables mixed in , almost more than there were eggs .
after i 'd picked out the herbs and vegetables and paid louie and petted his tiny yorkie that sat vigilantly on the counter , watching every transaction with eagle eyes , i ran to the liquor store across the street for a bottle of dry red from the finger lakes - one big enough for cooking and for drinking .
she walked through the room , glancing quickly at the jams , jellies , pickles , potatoes , vegetables , and breads that sat crowded together in the center of the table .
gertie stopped periodically to taste , then she 'd groan and add another vegetable .
i ' m sure the men would love to have fresh venison and vegetables .
the vegetable lasagna had been bursting with flavors she had never had before : ricotta and zucchini and tarragon , the bread had been warm and crusty and the salad crisp and tasty .
` ` so 's you can grow vegetables , ` ` skully added hopefully , but henry shookhis head .
sarah stared down at the disgusting vegetable , gritted her teeth , and spooned out a little serving onto the pretty blue willowware .
she stepped outside to yell after him , ` ` oh , and i better see a cheeseburger and some fries when you get back - nothing stupid an herbivore would eat like an apple or vegetable . ''
in that first week at the creek , the cafeteria served fried chicken , chicken - fried steak , and fried okra , which marked my first foray into the delicacy that is the fried vegetable .
it was near twilight , but the place glowed like a king 's treasure , reds and pinks and whites and yellows glimmering in an emerald jungle in the dusk , and the air flooded in upon him , moist and caressing , filled with the scents of flowers and leaves , herbs and vegetables .
` ` the cook 's already come for the vegetables , and minerva 's hearing benjamin 's recitation of caesar .
even the meal was familiar - grilled fish and vegetables , wine and sparkling water .
pills and blended vegetables were not a proper meal .
i showed gabriel how to go about picking fruit and vegetables .
i remember beefsteaks and pancakes , grains and fruits and vegetables , that quaint little food pyramid .
green shoots coming through the dirt are all well and good but we do n't strictly need all these fruits and vegetables .
she rinsed the vegetables , grabbed a knife , and started hacking .
she took out ingredients for the salad she would n't eat and cut up vegetables for a stir - fry .
she shoved at his chest and spun back around , wanting to brandish the knife on more than the vegetables .
salmon steaks with fresh vegetables and rice pilaf .
she asked , expertly dicing the vegetables .
he 'd never had a frozen vegetable with her and was beginning to get used to the bottles of herbs on the windowsill , the baskets of tomatoes and prunes , grapes and lemons that littered the countertops .
of course , this morphed into most of the series , so they all looked like a bunch of vegetables like poor rocky .
all he 'd planted so far was a few vegetables for himself , but if he was going to own a farm , he might as well farm it .
jane was unable to name one of the vegetable curries .
` ` and enough vegetables to open our own fifty - item salad bar . ''
lindy resisted the urge to swat his backside as he returned to the lanai , and turned her attention to the variety of fresh vegetables for the salad .
glaring at the orange - colored root , she heaved a huge sigh and squelched her growing dislike for the vegetable .
a recent news report stated that the starchy vegetable helped increase the level of estrogen in a woman 's body .
he pulled open the vegetable bin and carelessly tossed a head of lettuce in there .
the colorful sights of the vegetable and meat displays and the sounds of cheerful vendors helped lift his spirits .
i ate that vegetable in every imaginable form - including some i would n't recommend .
` ` because she told me how well eating this little vegetable worked for her . ''
the salad , crammed full of sliced fresh vegetables was a small work of art .
` ` in first grade i was cast as an eggplant in a skit about vegetables , '' he said .
` ` traumatized by a vegetable .
for the the next hour , she lost herself in routine : dicing vegetables , forming meatballs , frying them up .
it 's just simple vegetable soup and grilled - cheese sandwiches .
if i did n't know better , i 'd say you actually cut up all these vegetables yourself . ''
he finished their steak and grilled vegetables and quickly set the table .
but it was his hands that were so distinct , long surgeon 's fingers that he used with great skill , not to cut people open , but to cut great chunks of meat , to julienne varying vegetables , to twist and turn an icing bag into a cake that was a work of art .
do you know how to chop vegetables ? ''
she wanted to tell him that she would try harder to be a good girl , that she 'd stop disappearing and start talking , and eat her vegetables and everything .
i 'll brush my teeth and make my bed and eat my vegetables . ''
raine did , knowing she probably looked like a toddler spitting out its vegetables .
the vegetables had a burst of flavor .
but the root vegetables had been dumped on the floor , a fresh cheese mostly devoured , and the precious jug of maple syrup had been overturned , draining into a sticky puddle in the dirt .
no vegetables , no fruit .
they ' ve this odd prejudice toward meat and vegetables . ''
dressed in their best , and accompanied by their parents , the two young people had sat together on a bench before the assembled people of the village , and exchanged baskets - his containing the furs of sable and beaver , and a good knife , symbolizing his willingness to hunt for her and protect her ; hers filled with grain and fruit and vegetables , symbolizing her willingness to plant , gather , and provide for him .
in fact , this proved to be the case ; sukie , the one who had laughed , went out to buy fish and fresh vegetables in the mornings , and tactfully approached , was not averse to delivering my notes to the printshop - she said she knew where it was , the place with all the books in the window - for a small consideration .
madame came to my sitting room each morning , to consult me on the menu for the day , and to present me with the list of expenditures deemed necessary for the provisioning of the kitchen - fruit , vegetables , butter , and milk from a farm just outside the city , delivered fresh each morning , fish caught from the seine and sold from a barrow in the street , along with fresh mussels that poked their sealed black curves from heaps of wilting waterweed .
promptly obeying the dictates of his cervical vertebrae , he turned left instead of right at the next corner , ducked around a whelk - seller 's stall , cut between a barrow filled with steamed puddings and another of fresh vegetable marrows , and into a small charcuterie .
there was a good deal of activity on the street , early as it was ; maids and footmen engaged in scrubbing steps or polishing brass gate - fittings , barrowmen selling fruit , vegetables , and fresh seafood , crying their wares along the street , and the cooks of the great houses popping up from their basement doors like so many jinni , summoned by the cries of the barrowmen .
a very versatile vegetable , the potato . ''
he shared the highlanders ' innate suspicion of fresh fruit and vegetables , though his great appetite made him willing to eat almost anything in extremity .
beddoes , if he were still alive - a prospect i considered doubtful - was likely drinking anything up to a quart of mixed spirit daily and had n't so much as smelled a green vegetable in months .
we had not much meat - there had been little time for hunting , beyond squirrel and rabbit , and those useful rodents had gone to their winter rest by now - but a fair amount of dried vegetables , from yams to squash to wild onions and garlic , plus a bushel or two of nuts , and the small stock of herbs i had managed to gather and dry .
my vegetable stew was bubbling , and the cabin was filled with the savory scent of onions and wild garlic , but i had no appetite .
` ` she was always telling me to eat up my vegetables , when i was little .
the faint taste of iron was nearly always in his mouth now ; his gums were beginning to bleed from the lack of fresh vegetables .
she knelt and began to unpack the small basket she had brought , laying out small loaves of bread stuffed with cheese and tomato - pickle , a dried - apple tart , and two stone bottles - one of hot vegetable broth , the other of cider .
they looked like two tomatoes , set side by side on a hay bale for judging at a county vegetable show .
besides the lovely little ornamental garden , the manor had a small herb garden and an immense kitchen garden or kailyard that supplied turnips , cabbages , and vegetable marrows .
the squirrel she had killed earlier was already cleaned and tucked in her sack , but that was barely flavoring for a vegetable stew .
at the same time , every tiny detail of my surroundings seemed unnaturally vivid , from the delicious fragrance of the food jamie carried and the rustle of his coat skirts , to the sound of someone singing in the distant slave quarters and the spikes of sprouting corn in the vegetable beds beside the path .
we had milk , butter , and cheese to trade ; potatoes and grain , pork and venison , fresh vegetables and dried fruit , a little wine made from the scuppernong grapes of the autumn past .
i tapped the quill against my mouth , thinking , then added a careful note in the margin , to the effect that a diet rich in fibrous vegetables should be recommended as an adjunct to this treatment , useful also in preventing both constipation and the more serious complications thereof - nothing like a little object lesson !
she had no idea what he ate , really , although she 'd seen him fishing in the river and knew he had a small vegetable patch behind his shack .
seth wilbee was working in his garden , an interesting hodgepodge of unrecognizable vegetables and weeds .
` ` oh , just some vegetables seth gave me . ''
seth says they 're a very misunderstood vegetable . ''
he 'll take care of you , '' nora said , adding pieces of stew meat and vegetables to a pot of boiling water .
i have some extras , but you might want some different vegetables than i ' ve got .
george asked , helping himself to a mixture of meat and vegetables in sauce .
weeks ago , i had decided to go on a vegetable diet .
anyway , i cooked said vegetables in the microwave .
` ` how the hell can you even think about going to work when you were a vegetable only a minute ago ? ''
he brought out a bowl of steamed vegetables , a plate of dinner rol s , and a baked potato ... al of them favorites of mine .
cynthia was politely chuckling at something jack 's friend gabe had said , and gabe 's wife circled the table in a light blue apron , spooning out vegetables onto everyone 's plate .
he placed our plates of tender , steaming dove and mixed vegetables in front of us , and then returned quickly with his own .
what if i do n't die but i ' m a vegetable ?
bex brought in a pot of steamed vegetables in one hand , and a bowl of rice in the other .
we stay all along the edges of the store buying fruits , vegetables , the best cheeses , dark chocolate , sprouted grains , and nuts .
i ' m eating tons of vegetables .
i ' ve read that different - color vegetables provide different antioxidants .
a lot of vegetables .
even when he 's pigging out in room service , it 's vegetables and fish or meat for him .
she hesitated before digging eagerly into the plates of meat , potatoes , and vegetables before her .
she listened in rapt interest as she sauteed chicken and vegetables for stir fry .
she says things like ' eat your vegetables or i ' m calling my uncle vito in jersey city . ' ''
standing at the sink washing vegetables helped hide the fact that she was weeping , but that would n't last long .
anna cast a quizzical look at jamie as they scooped uncooked chicken and vegetables into their bowls .
* * * melody was distracted in the cab on the way home , trying to remember what was in the freezer , what fresh vegetables she had , what she needed from the corner deli .
she was chopping vegetables at the counter in a silky pink robe thing that barely covered her ass .
she 'd already decided on a menu of vegetables with poached salmon and a summer trifle .
with a wave of her hand , she indicated the colorful but unfulfilling array of dips , snacks , and fresh vegetables that she 'd been raiding all evening .
layla asked , watching as rachel pulled the vegetables for a salad out of the fridge .
using the knife , he scraped half the vegetables into a heated skillet .
gripping the handle of the skillet , he jerked the pan to flip the sizzling vegetables .
` ` i ' m fixing you a plate of fresh vegetables and insist you eat it ! ''
rosa pushed a plate of vegetables and dip into lily 's hands .
i want hollister dead and miller a vegetable .
( sea vegetable conspiracy ?
then she selected half a fat chicken cooked in beer , a meat pasty , two gulls ' eggs , honey - glazed root vegetables , and rye bread that she slathered with elderberry preserves .
she gobbled down the fresh papaya , then purchased a tortilla filled with vegetables and meat .
she liked nothing better than gardening and had astonishing success with planting just about anything - flowers , vegetables , herbs ... ` ` jackie and tommy will be so excited to see them . ''
she prepared sole stuffed with crabmeat and sauteed vegetables , accompanied by a bottle of sauvignon blanc .
her hands were so clammy , she could barely hold the vegetables .
` ` summer ended , and we ran out of vegetables . ''
` ` that 's the home of our illustrious vegetable and herb garden . ''
how about cutting up some vegetables to fry .
he found some flour and cornflour for the vegetables , coated them , and put some fat into the frying pan .
he added the vegetables and heard them begin to crackle .
he turned his attention back to the frying pan and stirred the vegetables .
the vegetables and crabs were ready at about the same time .
after putting some vegetables and bread on their plates , noah added a crab , and allie sat for a moment , staring at it .
he 's taller and thinner than i , wears jeans to most social functions , and when he visits at thanksgiving or christmas , he eats only vegetables .
it was , after all , saturday - my day to cook - and i had decided to try my hand at a new recipe that called for side dishes of bow - tie pasta and vegetables .
the kitchen counters were crowded with preparations for the main course : sliced veal , assorted vegetables , a cutting board and knife .
i sauteed the vegetables , reheated the bread from the night before , and was setting the table when jane entered the kitchen .
she moved some vegetables around with her fork .
` ` do n't eat the vegetables or salads , no matter how nice the hotel is . ''
dinner was a buffet , and despite the warnings about eating salads and vegetables , we saw many people eating them anyway .
my sister would be left blind and paralyzed in the best possible scenario ; more likely , she would either become a vegetable or die during the operation .
later , we shared a final bowl of chicken noodle soup and soft - cooked vegetables for dinner before i brought him to the extended care facility .
rows of dill pickles , boiled peanuts , and basketsof fresh vegetables sat near the counter .
he carried homemade jams and jellies ; powdered rubs from ` ` secret recipes '' thatflavored beef and pork ; and a selection of locally canned fruits and vegetables .
they just dropped off somefresh vegetables yesterday .
` ` i 'll take the vegetables .
` ` do n't forget the vegetables . ''
i do n't need an umbrella or vegetables or wine .
she pulled the old vegetables from the drawer and wiped it down before putting the newvegetables on the bottom .
in the spring , she always planted flowers in pots and vegetables in a small plot near the back ofthe garage , where the sun was full and strong , unshaded by the maple trees .
when dinner was ready , they sat down across from each other , the roast and assorted vegetables on a platter between them .
the roast had been cooked to perfection , tender and succulent , and the vegetables were a wonderful complement .
he found the selection of vegetables and fresh fruit mind - boggling .
in alaska , especially at this time of year , fresh fruits and vegetables were at a premium .
a small freezer offered all manner of island - raised meat - beef , chicken , pork , lamb - and a refrigerated case held vegetables grown on the sisters ' own land .
apparently , nora was saving her strength for the battle over vegetables .
in the kitchen , lottie was busy chopping up vegetables for stir - fry .
` ` i have some pan - fried fish and vegetables if that 'll do .
i do n't eat vegetables .
she frowned as she glanced over the array of deli meats , cheeses , fruits and fresh vegetables .
` ` his lordship brought back some vegetables as well from carlisle , and clement makes the best soup in the county .
it was rich and thick and full of chunks of meat and vegetables .
while balan had brought back a few vegetables , he 'd not gotten cheese or flour .
she pushed the thick vegetable stew around on her sectioned plate with her fork .
her mouth watered in anticipation of sampling the crisp bacon , maple sausage , vegetable - filled mini omelets and silver - dollar pancakes topped with cinnamon apples .
she took the basket from him , set it on the table and unpacked their lunch of chipotle chicken , grilled vegetables , foccacia and , of course , dessert .
i learned how to pick a fresh vegetable and the best way to carve meat before i even hit a baseball . ''
in the kitchen laurel was standing in front of a counter full of vegetables , chopping away .
of their newborn daughter snoozing in a baby seat on the floor beside the table , marianna rocking the tiny chair with her foot while chopping vegetables on the island .
after church , he would tinker in his workshop , while his wife baked pies or canned vegetables in the kitchen .
entrees included grilled steak , broiled salmon , and roast chicken along with an assortment of steamed and grilled vegetables .
` ` earlier , my mother had found a roadside stand with fresh vegetables , and she had baked bread .
even as a toddler , he could remember watching as she readied it for the spring planting or weeded it with painstaking care during the summer , harvesting the vegetables at the end of a long day .
they talked and laughed as they toured the ranch , and when luke turned toward the garden , it warmed his heart to see the straight , neat rows of vegetables that his mom had just planted .
from his tone she did n't think he referred to the leftover orange roasted chicken and vegetables .
the mouthwatering aromas of grilling swordfish with citrus salsa and marinated vegetables filled her nostrils .
she transferred the fish and vegetables from the top rack of the grill to a platter , then covered it .
mitch followed suit , piling large helpings of fish and vegetables on his plate .
she served carly and mitch skewers of large grilled shrimp atop beds of rice and sauteed vegetables .
turkey , stuffing , mashed potatoes with gravy , salad , vegetables ... that sort of thing .
we turn around , and cliff is standing there with a sizzling platter of vegetables and meat cubes skewered on sticks of wood .
when cliff lifts the platter up , we each grab an indian kabob , and the meat is spicy , but delicious , as are the vegetables .
me and the boys would stop in and say hello , but danny only looked out the window when we talked to him , so we thought he was one of the people whose brain trauma was so bad he was most likely going to be a vegetable for the rest of his life - sort of like my roommate , jackie .
pastas , pies , fish , meat , vegetables all laid out in front of her revolting senses .
gavin put the frozen vegetables to his swelling jaw .
angie watched her mother move through the boxes of fresh vegetables , choosing the same things day after day : tomatoes , green peppers , eggplants , iceberg lettuce , yellow onions , and carrots .
we need to do more with fresh fish and seasonal vegetables . ''
by ten they 'd ordered most of the week 's food , checked the vegetables and fruits for freshness , made out the payroll checks , deposited money in the restaurant 's account , and dropped the tablecloths off at the laundry .
mira was peeling potatoes , livvy was arranging antipasti on an ornate silver tray , angie was chopping vegetables , and maria was rolling out pasta .
angie cried out , looking up from the mound of vegetables .
there was the turkey , of course , and two bowls of dressing -- one from inside the bird and one from outside -- mounds of mashed potatoes and boats of gravy , green beans with onion , garlic and pancetta , risotto with parmesan cheese and prosciutto , homemade pasta in capon broth , roasted stuffed vegetables , and homemade bread .
every saturday morning james came down to the waterfront with her , and they bought fresh fruit and vegetables for the week .
he glanced at her as he pulled a couple chicken br**sts and some vegetables out of the fridge .
he finished slicing the vegetables and started on a crusty loaf of french bread .
the first night when she and jeremy had sat down to a dinner of roast chicken and tiny vegetable tarts , zachary had scoffed and ridiculed the meal even as he was filling his plate .
she served salads and cooked vegetables with delicious sauces ladled over them .
remembering the boys ' complaint about cale 's spaghetti , she lifted out a bag of mixed vegetables and a package of rock - hard beef .
not that i was eager to tackle the buffet of limp vegetables , dry meat , and overripe fruits .
when the waiter returned , jason selected the she - crab soup for an appetizer and the lobster newburg with fresh vegetables and wild rice as the main course .
hugh waited for the door to close , then took willa 's arm and marched her between the herb and vegetable gardens to the apple trees behind them .
it had been only four weeks , but he had been little more than a vegetable then , and now he exerted the force of his personality over everyone who entered his room , even the doctors .
not a hint of an undercooked steak or overcooked vegetables .
i ' m doing better about getting in my fruits and vegetables at dinner .
minutes later , she woke when he set chicken pasta and a salad brimming with vegetables in front of her .
rolling his stiff , still - healing shoulder , hunter reheated the chinese food , then sat down to a plate of steaming vegetables , kung pao chicken , and steamed rice .
they both shoved down a few bites of protein and vegetables .
the scents of the savory garlic - herb roasted chicken and vegetables blended with the delicious aroma of yeasty bread .
she speared her vegetables with her fork and brought them to the tip of her tongue for a taste .
after they ordered - steak sandwich for him and a bowl of vegetable soup for her - she leaned forward , as if not wanting to be overheard .
fish , vegetables , flowers , new age products , antiques , crafts - luna was on sensory overload .
on the side of the road , vendors tried to sell anything they could , from fruits and vegetables to tennis shoes to barely used t - shirts .
meatball soup , chicken stew with dumplings , pierogies , lamb and vegetable moussaka , pork chops braised in apple wine , potato pancakes , red pepper paprikash , chicken kiev , stroganoff , strudels , hamand - cheese rolls , homemade noodles , and dozens of savory breads .
out in the garage , there was another freezer , equally full , and the basement pantry was chock - full of home - canned fruit and vegetables .
she defrosted the roast in the microwave , with all the root vegetables and rich beef broth , then ladled it to a baking dish and put it in the oven .
the vegetables would be perfectly tender , their flavors merged into a silken tangle of tomatoes , sweet peppers , string beans , and walla walla sweet onions ; all of it swimming in a rich garlic - and - lemon - tinged lamb broth with big chunks of succulent meat .
` ` and where are your vegetables from the garden ? ''
here , on the outskirts of the city , she and sasha have a small plat of land where they grow vegetables to carry them through the long white leningrad winter .
she wakes at four in the morning to stand in line for bread , and after work , she walks miles to the outskirts of town , bartering with peasants for food - a liter of vodka for a bag of withered potatoes ; an outgrown pair of valenki for a pound of lard - and digging up whatever forgotten vegetables she can find .
you made a pot and put the vegetables in raw so i could taste the difference ?
i am coming home from the country , where i 'd been gathering vegetables to can for the coming winter ... ... '' nina closed her eyes and sat back , letting the words form pictures in her imagination .
` ` personally ... '' he turned with an armful of vegetables , which he dumped on the counter .
she seared him some bacon - wrapped scallops , sauteed vegetables , and whipped up a heap of garlic - parmesan mashed potatoes .
his eyes flared with heat as he eased the vegetable onto her tongue .
she pulled a ton of ingredients onto the counter and began to construct an enormous sandwich for elise , layering vegetables and condiments with all kinds of meat .
i walk down the concrete hall bathed in blinking fluorescent lights and look toward the main door 's blast of sunlight through the window , the way a tiny vegetable shoot searches for the sun after it breaks through the outer shell of a seed .
the filet is the size of a silver dollar and i finish it in five bites , then move on to the potatoes , then some julienned vegetables .
she watched as his mother prepared vegetables for the following day .
bins of fresh fruits and vegetables sat out , the scent of roasting turkey and goat carrying on the salty beach breeze .
she even prepared vegetables by throwing them into a pot with a big ol ' hamhock and boiling them within an inch of their lives .
i mean , even the vegetables are cold .
rachel nearly choked on the vegetables she 'd just swallowed .
` ` we 'll just see about that , rafe , '' she said as she angrily picked up her fork and speared a chunk of asparagus , clenching her teeth on the vegetable .
her face turned red as she glared at him and bit into a piece of cucumber , crunching down on the vegetable like he was sure she 'd like to be clamping down on his skin - and not in a pleasant way .
i promised to eat my vegetables .