familiar scents of rosemary , lemon verbena , and honeysuckle inundated her , settling her nerves .
the lemon verbena felt a little dry , and two containers of sage would have to be replaced soon .
a sharply scented lemon verbena candle filled the air .
a thicket of verbena sprays out its lavender tendrils , and a rash of baby 's breath runs along the border .
i miss everything about l.a . even the plants skirting our property , the pale aloe plants that raise their powdered arms to god - the lavender verbena .
once we take our seats , servants bring us basins of warm water scented with verbena so we may wash our hands before eating .
yellow verbena punctuated the beds .
the scent of verbena pervaded the space .
' verbena , and rose water , ' he said .
she leaned against him , smelling like verbena and girl .
he tucked a small cloth bag into the frame at the head : bladderwrack , anise , lemon verbena and mustard seed .
in a stone bowl , he mixed bay leaves , marjoram and verbena leaves .
it 's on my dressing table next to the french verbena hand cream .
he did the same with one of her backup shampoo bottles , as well as a jar of bath salts that ... yup , smelled just as he remembered , lemon verbena .
around the pond , plants thrived in bordered flower beds : bright red and yellow canna flowers with big leaves , small purple and scarlet clusters of verbena , and dandelion - gold stars of yellow bush daisy .
i placed a yew twig , sprigs of lavender , and fragrant verbena along the top and edges of the cloth .
her maid verbena had springy orange hair that matched her personality : loud , uncontrollable , and colorful .
at that moment , she realized that during her wool - gathering , verbena , who was as efficient as she was verbose , had removed the dressing robe victoria wore and was now raising the heavy silk gown over her head .
as verbena buttoned the gown up over her mistress 's corset and shift , victoria considered her options .
one wherein the marchioness is without an escort victoria made certain that her back was to the hallway as she spoke to verbena .
` ` it has been a most difficult year for him , losing aunt eustacia and then his nephew ... and now ... '' she allowed her voice to trail off , and smoothed the rich red gown verbena had helped her don moments before .
she felt rather than heard the cat - footed presence behind her and looked meaningfully at verbena .
and verbena would scold .
true to her word , victoria was quick to use verbena 's assistance to change from her luscious red gown into clothing that was not only cooler , but also much less restrictive .
he turned , ready to flee , when the chamber door opened and in bustled verbena , the poof - haired maid .
` ` verbena assisted kritanu , and i do believe that between their efforts , i 'll be able to retain that limb , at least . ''
victoria fell asleep in her clothing on top of her bed , waking only when verbena brought her a tray much later that night .
verbena 's twittering began to grate on her nerves , and at last victoria sent her maid away for the night - which apparently was the right thing to do , as verbena confessed that she and oliver had planned for a drive to vauxhall gardens .
that would give verbena something to talk about .
victoria checked her smile as verbena glanced balefully at max , who , in his disheveled , shirtless state with the set look on his face , did look rather intimidating .
as soon as verbena quit the room - after having rested a tray laden with food on the dressing table - victoria simply raised a brow at max .
if victoria thought that things with max would change completely after he divested her of that pink froth ( which , incidentally , verbena had found crumpled beneath one of the tables at the top of the staircase ... in two pieces ) , she was wrong .
` ` no verbena to interrupt us .
there might have been the gleam of a tear in her eye , or it may simply have been the fact that she spied the new tray of biscuits that verbena had carried in .
` ` it looks lovely , '' she said , catching verbena 's eye as the maid came in to admire her handiwork .
inside her chamber , she pulled the cord to summon her maid , verbena , to assist her in preparing for bed .
she heard the faint snick of a door as verbena came in behind her , entering through the sitting room that sat between the marquess 's chamber and that of the marchioness .
she realized a fraction of a second later that verbena was never so quiet , no matter what time it was or how tired she might be .
` ` where 's verbena ? ''
` ` why do you think verbena is sleeping so soundly ?
` ` perhaps i could take verbena 's place this evening , '' he said after a particularly long , delving kiss .
she 'd already given verbena , her maid , the direction to pack some of her belongings and to have the footmen take them over to aunt eustacia 's town house .
her lids were still warm , and victoria let her fingers move gingerly over cheeks so pudgy they could belong to her own maid , verbena .
victoria sat up , surprised that verbena would bother her so early .
many possibilities shot through her mind as verbena helped her to dress quickly , then looped her thick , heavy hair into a loose knot at the back of her neck .
victoria had made some vague reply , helped in her attempt to prevaricate by the industrious verbena , who 'd been working on her hair in a most enthusiastic manner .
but verbena disappeared from the room for a brief moment , and her mistress heard the reverberation of her voice and its direction to oliver .
at last oliver came in , the large red - haired man half skulking as if in fear of verbena 's wrath .
the process was excruciating , working around verbena 's bossy interjections and oliver 's hesitant narrative , but victoria at last reeled the information from his depths .
she turned to verbena .
no one , verbena .
she looked at verbena sharply .
the short puff of orange hair peeking from the low - hanging hood of verbena 's cloak easily disguised victoria out of the back of the house , through the mews , and onto the street nearby .
if barth and verbena had known about vampires before victoria did , before she became a venator ... it was possible that he did too .
she rolled , tangling further in the net , shouting now - hoping that someone - max , verbena , kritanu , someone would hear .
but that verbena insisted that you were indisposed . ''
victoria thought it was more likely that lady melly and her two cronies had refused to budge for that hour , rather than being forced to sit there ... but then again , verbena was just as strong - willed .
` ` but verbena told me that you 'd come , and it made me feel much better . ''
one of her stakes was wedged beneath her thigh , inside the hidden pocket verbena had sewn into her gown .
she knew that kritanu and barth , along with a feisty verbena , could easily handle one or two nonvampires that might try to break into the house .
in this case , verbena had come to her aid by supervising the creation of a frock that had a skirt split into wide trousers .
by the time verbena had finished bathing her mistress and washing the stench from her thick mass of hair , it was past midnight .
` ` verbena ?
it was verbena again , and she held a small white box .
` ` please ring for verbena and ask that she wait upon me in my chamber . ''
with a weary glance over her shoulder , she told giorgio , ` ` please tell verbena i shall be a while . ''
all she saw at first were two puffs of orange - colored hair on either side of her own dark head , and then her maid , verbena , looked up from where she 'd been unfastening the buttons of victoria 's tunic .
she sounded magnificently pleased with this new development , which was no surprise , as verbena lived for the opportunity to get creative with victoria 's coiffure and toilette whilst finding ways to incorporate the tools her mistress venator might need .
recently victoria 's choice to wear the split skirt and long tunic favored by kritanu for both training and rest had nearly given verbena fits .
victoria had quickly seized upon a similar excuse , retreating to her room and instructing verbena to allow no one to enter until the next morning .
lady winnie had indeed spoken to her maid , rudgers , who had unfairly taken poor verbena to task .
that had given verbena at last an excuse to dress her mistress as befitted the marchioness she was .
victoria had been able to convince verbena to leave off the feathers this time , although two pearls had found their way into the centers of the roses .
the idea had come from verbena initially .
and then , with a twinge of annoyance with herself for forgetting , she remembered the special corset miro had made for her , the corset he 'd executed at verbena 's suggestion .
slipping it into one of the small loops at the back of her gown ( ones verbena had insisted upon adding for just such an emergency ) , she allowed sebastian to bind her wrists loosely enough that it would be no problem for her to slip free .
picking it up , she felt a sharp tingle as she stuffed it into one of the pockets verbena had sewn inside the skirt of her gown .
she reached for the bellpull to call for verbena .
she started to climb from the waist - high bed , but a twinge in her side reminded her that verbena had put her to bed very early this morning after much clucking and salving and bandaging .
there was a brief warning knock on the door to her chamber just before it opened and verbena bustled in .
at some point , she 'd need to tell verbena that her whole coiffure had fallen apart when the vampires disarmed her and removed her stake - an inconvenience that would have to be rectified in the future .
at last , when the water was turning tepid , she stepped out into a large towel brandished by verbena .
as if victoria were compromising security and secrets in exchange for a bit of a tup , as verbena would say .
victoria had a pistol and several stakes as well : one hastily shoved in her hair in a manner that would have sent verbena into fits , and the other in a small loop at the waist of her skirt .
suddenly there was more crashing in the bushes - although , to give her a bit of credit , it was n't quite so ferocious as that from before - and a puff of orange hair appeared , followed by the flushed - cheeked face of verbena .
not like phillip ... verbena nodded vigorously .
but she was n't down , and victoria caught herself against a wet , prickly bush just as verbena and lady winnie burst onto the scene .
` ` she 's been bitten , '' verbena exclaimed before victoria had a chance to say anything .
and before she could speak , verbena had already pulled out another vial of holy water .
victoria snatched the holy water from verbena and splashed it over the older woman 's wounded neck .
she looked at verbena and then at lady winnie , and they both seemed to realize there would be no arguing .
` ` the gate 's locked , '' said verbena , stopping there .
their male companion elected to ride above with verbena and oliver , leaving victoria crushed in the midst of skirts and the target of her mother 's death - gaze .
she 'd sent verbena to bed , neglecting to tell her of her plans to go back to the villa .
she woke , not because of the dreams , she realized belatedly , but because verbena stood over her bed .
her nerves felt like her hair did after her maid , verbena , brushed it too much - buzzing with static and energy .
chapter 4 in which verbena has her way ` ` ' t is long past time to see ye in a color other than black . ''
likely verbena had been saving it up the last nine or ten months and would n't be dissuaded from saying her piece regardless of what her mistress might wish to interject .
she stood , pushing away from the bleached - wood dressing table , and turned to what was sure to be the difficult task of refusing to let verbena dress her in bold carmine or bright jonquil for her first dinner at claythorne .
i think i shall wear the navy gown tonight , verbena . ''
the gown of verbena 's choice was fluttering down over victoria 's shoulders before she realized the moment to stop it had passed .
heavens , it had been more than a year since she 'd been dressed so , and verbena was right : it did bring out the faintest pink in her cheeks .
back in her room , verbena helped her to prepare for bed .
with a glance at her late - night visitor , who appeared to have found comfort in her pillows , she pulled a pelisse from the wardrobe where verbena had hung it , slipped her arms in , and buttoned the three buttons tightly over the bodice .
it was a boon for him that she had sent verbena ahead with the bulk of her luggage and some furnishings , in order to get her cabin arranged on the ship ; otherwise , he would have had to find a way to get rid of her too .
it would be lonely there in venice , with no one but verbena and oliver with her , and aunt eustacia , of course ; but she would not be living with her aunt .
she allowed him to tug her gently behind the curtains as she discreetly whisked away the fichu verbena had tucked into her neckline .
sending the note wafting onto her dressing table , she looked up at verbena .
against her better judgment , she allowed verbena to coif and dress her as though she were going to a social event .
she was quite certain that half of the reason verbena insisted on dressing and coiffing her so particularly even when the event did n't call for it was because her sister was the lady 's maid for the daughter of a duchess ... and they were always comparing notes about their mistresses ' gowns and jewels .
when victoria came down the stairs a half hour after receiving the note from alvisi , two stakes in her hair and another one affixed to the garter under her skirt , salted holy water in her reticule and in a small vessel attached to her other garter , along with a sheathed dagger , and a large crucifix tucked deep down betwixt her br**sts where it would not be seen unless she wished it to , she interrupted a fierce , whispered conversation between verbena and oliver in the front parlor .
` ` not yet , my lady , '' verbena responded , stepping away from her counterpart with one last glare .
victoria picked herself up from the grass and , still blinking away sunburst tears , said , ` ` verbena ?
likely it was fortunate that victoria drifted off at that point and did n't hear verbena 's response .
she could walk , she told verbena , and proceeded to demonstrate just that .
as it was , i was fortunate enough to make my own escape , and to come upon verbena and oliver , who were able to take me home .
at first , she tried to keep sharp by practicing her kalari - payattu in the small chamber she shared with verbena , but it was much too small .
within a day aunt eustacia had her settled in a small town house with oliver and verbena and a retinue of italian staff , approximately fifteen minutes from where the gardella matriarch herself was staying .
` ` i was feeling rather under the weather , '' victoria admitted , watching as oliver and verbena attempted to arrange the minuscule parlor for three guests plus their mistress .
victoria hurried up to her bedchamber , calling for verbena .
` ` there were other callers today , my lady , '' verbena interrupted as she and oliver walked in carrying a large basket .
he pushed his hands through her curls and the coils verbena had made , combing from her neck along her upper arms , then moving to unfasten the pelisse that buttoned tightly over her bosom .
it had not taken long for verbena to dress her mistress and prepare her to go .
candles burned about the room , and small pots resting above the heat of the flames simmered herbs and water , releasing the scents of verbena and myrrh into the air .
with her round face and abominably frizzy red - blond hair , the maid looked like a babe just awakened from her sleep.before victoria could think how to respond , let alone grasp that her maid had recognized the bite , verbena bent to look closer .
` ` verbena ... how ... '' victoria collected herself .
it seemed once verbena was given leave to talk , she took it .
` ` well , verbena , i must say it is quite fortunate that you are so ... er ... well accustomed to the idea , as it will make things much easier for me .
` ` i have no need to replace verbena .
` ` wonderful , verbena !
` ` oh , no , verbena , that is not exactly true .
` ` verbena , did you say that barth lives in st . giles ?
if verbena was horrified at the thought of vampires in the daylight , she was utterly traumatized at this request .
` ` verbena , i am no lady .
oh , my lady- '' ` ` tonight , verbena .
` ` midnight tonight , verbena , when the vampires are on the prowl . ''
do n't worry , verbena : i do not think they will attack without provocation , especially if we are seeking them in a public place . ''
victoria turned to look as verbena stumbled out of the hackney , jostling her as she landed on the ground .
her walking stick raised , she pivoted to see verbena shrinking away from three menacing creatures .
` ` i b'lieve i heard the young men say they be looking fer the silver chalice , '' replied his companion , as if victoria and verbena were no more than a disinterested audience to their conversation .
of course , that was assuming verbena had loaded it .
with a last look at verbena , she started down the steps , thankful again that she was n't wearing dragging skirts .
no one seemed to have noticed her and verbena , and for that she was thankful .
grabbing verbena 's cold fingers , she tugged her to follow , and began weaving her way to it .
victoria looked at verbena , at a loss for how to respond .
` ` two house ales , '' verbena responded smartly .
that was twice tonight verbena had come to the rescue of the venator .
as it turned out , victoria did n't need to decide any next steps , for just as she finished patrolling the room with her eyes , a movement came into her peripheral vision , and a man sat down at the table with her and verbena .
the sooner she learned whether the inn would be helpful to her , the sooner she could get verbena back to grantworth house .
she had completely forgotten about verbena !
asked verbena .
` ` your friend can wait without , '' he said , glancing at verbena .
victoria would have declined , but verbena was already starting toward the door .
and suddenly , as if giving up under his intense contemplation , gravity won out over verbena 's work , and her hair slid down from the back of her head into a loose mass around her shoulders .
victoria and verbena did not arrive home until the sun was peeking over the eastern edge of london 's profile .
hustling toward the servants ' entrance , victoria followed verbena through the back way , which had been left open by prearrangement , and managed to slink into her room without being noticed by any of the servants .
and , as victoria slipped behind a tall iron gate , she was grateful that verbena had also learned that the garden was very rarely used ... and thus would be the perfect place to wait .
she had argued long and hard with herself and with verbena about whether to tell aunt eustacia and max about her plans for the evening ... but in the end she had decided not to .
he 'd come for his own assurances , of course ; and once notified by the suddenly important verbena that her mistress was home , unhurt , and in possession of the object of lilith 's desire , max slipped off into the night , presumably to seek his own feather bed .
with the exception of a very few , '' she added as verbena bustled into the room .
he stepped fully into the room , dressed all in black , including his shirtwaist - victoria did n't even realize they made black shirtwaists - and shut the door smartly behind him , nearly pinching verbena 's inquisitive nose .
victoria nodded in agreement ; she had expressed the very same gratitude to verbena , which , must have , in part , caused the maid 's newfound officiousness .
` ` thank you , darling , but a bit of rest and verbena 's peppermint tea is all i need .
victoria spurt to see verbena standing at the bottom of the staircase - lud , she had n't even heard her approach ! -with a decidedly wistful expression on her face .
` ` no , i thank you , verbena , but i will go alone .
under the heavy cloak , victoria held the pistol she 'd remembered to bring this time - there would be no verbena to come to the rescue tonight .
amelie , the platinum - haired pianist who 'd sat with verbena the last time , was at her place to the left .
aunt eustacia , and max , and kritanu ... even verbena and barth ... they understood .
shouts ; they sounded like jimmons , and even verbena , and suddenly her door flew open , slamming into the wall .
she was so aghast she did not move even to close her jaw ; verbena and jimmons and maisie the housekeeper were standing in the doorway , all speaking at once , explaining how it had happened that phillip had made his way up here .
she waved at jimmons and verbena .
` ` she will be now , '' replied verbena .
victoria only sent verbena from her room and stared out the window , watching the screeching blue jay as it visited the tree .
victoria was still garbed in the night rail that verbena had hustled her into , after all of the guests had left st . heath 's row .
he would n't recognize a vis bulla , as verbena or sebastian would .
it took a little bit of jimmying and tugging to get the silver hoop back in place , but she managed it with a bit of help from verbena , and once that was done she finished dressing.she was pleasantly sore from the activities of the night before , and , so far , quite delighted with her new marital status .
it was verbena .
` ` verbena gave them to me when i came to find you . ''
victoria yanked the pins from the intricate curls and whorls verbena had spent an hour on , knowing that her only option was to take it down and smooth it back .
he handed verbena a bundle of frothy material - her ball gown , now crumpled and soiled beyond repair , but at least it would not remain in the carriage .
she threw the note on her dresser and called for verbena to help her change .
she sent verbena away , gave the servants the night off .
a cooling breeze pushed past , bringing with it the spices from the vendors lining the nearby street - nutmeg , thyme , cumin , lemon verbena .
sitting on one of the old and weathered seats i would stare out at the overgrown foxglove , verbena , lavender , and pineapple sage .
he was about to tell her to give over when the smell of soap and lemon verbena struck him nearly as forcefully as her hand had done .
she was not so close as to brush against him , but he could smell the delicate fragrance of lemon verbena perfume .
was that her lemon verbena or isis ?
nausicaa showed me to a small chamber , pleasantly scented with verbena and herbs .
some hopeful soul had added verbena flowers but they had long - lost the battle to overcome the goat smell .
flowers with the eyes of all the women he has ever loved , ever fucked , ever desired , ever roused the spermies to attack ! but bumblingly attacking , as he mindlessly slips out of his clothes : naked knight ... and not so silentlynot as he thinks himself so silentknees the bed and slides over towards his wife , pulling the her majesty towards him , lifting up her blanket of flowers , rises upon her rosy fragrance and a sting of tart stimulating verbena ... casts himself upon her ... wanting to block out the sun , wanting to block out the moon , wanting to be her only sky and her only star and her onlyspermies !
jackson , just a recruit , told him : its desert verbena , man .
just stupid old verbena .
it was a dream , it was real , she smelled of lavender and verbena , arousing and intoxicating .
driving through the small towns , she finds canted treehouses with rotted floors , plastic slides toppled over on front lawns , whole communities gone dense with the smells of honeysuckle and verbena .
their kicks sent the empty keg tumbling over the porch edge onto a bed of verbena .
a bubbly amber froth dribbled from the mouth of the long , black spout ; three hands held it out and let the foam plop onto the verbena bed .
they smelled a slushy mass of old tequila , vodka and vomit which had pooled in the verbena bed .
characters in the mcphee clan annie mcphee cousin aumaleigh aunt to mcphee sisters beckett engaged to daisy blanche gemma 's mother boots tyler 's dog bradley one of verbena 's admirers burton wrangler at the rocking m buttons aumaleigh 's mare cal stable boy at the rocking m carl owns the feed store chadwick works for tyler daisy 2nd oldest mcphee sister dom zane 's old buddy eben their deceased uncle elise friend to mcphee sisters and tyler ely their deceased father ernest verbena 's former beau fairfax bear hollow 's sheriff gabriel aumaleigh 's former love gemma friend , works at mercantile .
characters in the mcphee clan annie mcphee cousin aumaleigh aunt to mcphee sisters beckett engaged to daisy blanche gemma 's mother boots tyler 's dog bradley one of verbena 's admirers burton wrangler at the rocking m buttons aumaleigh 's mare cal stable boy at the rocking m carl owns the feed store chadwick works for tyler daisy 2nd oldest mcphee sister dom zane 's old buddy eben their deceased uncle elise friend to mcphee sisters and tyler ely their deceased father ernest verbena 's former beau fairfax bear hollow 's sheriff gabriel aumaleigh 's former love gemma friend , works at mercantile .
george ernest 's buddy gil married to maebry , works on ranch gus owns the mercantile , gemma 's pa hartwell town doc , also plays fiddle hailie beckett 's daughter helen elise 's mother iris oldest mcphee sister jane horse jo ellen annie 's friend john cowboy at the rocking m josslyn cook at the rocking m kellan cowboy at the rocking m lance tyler 's father , town landowner laura the sisters 's deceased mother lawrence a desperate bachelor liliana tyler 's sister louisa kitchen maid maebry wife to gil magnolia 2nd youngest mcphee sister marlowe horse marvin horse maureen deceased grandmother , mother to aumaleigh milo sheriff nora tyler 's mother o'laughlin owner of chicago boardinghouse orla maid at the rocking m pax cowboy at the rocking m penelope new schoolteacher in town priscilla silk dress girl reginald josslyn 's deceased first husband rose middle mcphee sister sadie milo 's oldest daughter sally milo 's youngest daughter sarah former schoolteacher scout zane 's horse seth josslyn 's son , owns the livery shep young cowboy at rocking m stanley beckett and hailie 's dog tiernan cowboy at the rocking m , tyler 's brother travis brother to tyler and tiernan tyler engaged to magnolia verbena youngest mcphee sister vivian gemma 's grandmother wade deputy wilhelmina hailie 's elderly nanny wilson deceased grandfather winchester zane 's horse zane bounty hunter table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten epilogue about the author chapter one bluebell , montana territory spring 1876 oh , no , there he is .
i never got to meet the last child , verbena .
i folded the chiffon kerchief that exuded an odor or verbena , meant for her eyes only .
luce led shelby back across the beach and up the steep stone stairs , where dashes of battered red and yellow verbenas had pushed up through the wet , sandy soil .
the scent of sandalwood and verbena filled her nostrils , warming her blood and causing her skin to tingle .
the fragrance of lemon verbena and the scent of cinnamon would forever make her think of her mother .
the scent clinging to him was delicious , filling her nostrils with sandalwood , musk , and the barest hint of verbena .
he was close enough that she could smell the verbena from his toiletries .
she breathed him in , absorbing the soothing scent of sandalwood and musk with that invigorating hint of verbena .