` ` violets are my favorite . ''
swallowing , he said , ` ` and what do violets say ? ''
the kitchen table was covered a white tablecloth and a large vase of violets .
` ` just because you 're on vacation does n't mean i am , '' she reminded him , taking the little pot of african violets from the buggy .
he moved the pot of african violets slightly to the left and then dried his hands .
the pot of african violets remained where they 'd been , to the right of the sink , where sebastian liked them .
in the center of the table sat a very familiar looking pot of african violets .
you used to save up to buy violets when you were a child and take the bus to see paintings in the national gallery .
the thick clusters of her shining hair were bound with vibrant buttercups and violets .
she is always shown with violets and buttercups in her hair , and wearing a purple mantle like this one ? ''
no one at the entire ball seemed to have heard of any female from greek mythology other than venus , and the clue of her purple mantle and the violets and buttercups in her hair meant nothing to them .
the slacks were soft emerald green cashmere and the matching turtleneck sweater had delicate violets with dark green leaves woven into the full sleeves .
` ` plants need affection , '' he 'd explained when she surprised him one day in the greenhouse , speaking encouragements to a wilting violet , ` ` just like people .
go ahead , '' he 'd invited her , nodding toward the drooping violet , ` ` give that pretty violet an encouragin ' word . ''
go ahead , '' he 'd invited her , nodding toward the drooping violet , ` ` give that pretty violet an encouragin ' word . ''
the very next day elizabeth went to the greenhouse , but the violet looked as miserable as ever .
elizabeth had wandered over to the table with the ailing plants and discovered the violet , its delicate flowers standing sturdily on fragile little stems , its leaves perked up .
a huge box , exquisitely wrapped in violets , with a matching envelope on top .
lexie davis hovered over her grandmother , the scent of violets permeating her every inhalation .
as usual , the smell of violets , her grandmother 's fragrance of choice , assaulted her senses .
she inserted her key in the lock , opened the apartment door and the heavy smell of violets nearly bowled him over .
i took my seat and the first item on the agenda was to introduce violet and welcome her .
` ` absolutely , i 'll let know what i find out , '' i said and violet went back to her office .
then she weaves in fresh violets , which match the dress perfectly .
even as i stare at a thick bed of violet and lavender pansies , my attention is pulled farther down the path to a blinding patch of marigolds and zinnias .
it was festooned with flowers : bluebells and foxgloves and harebells and daffodils , but also with violets and lilies , with tiny crimson dog - roses , pale snowdrops , blue forget - me - nots and a profusion of other flowers dunstan could not name .
it was a violet , and it chinkled and sang as he held it , making a noise similar to that produced by wetting a finger and rubbing it , gently , around a wineglass .
he stood cradling her against his chest , taking in the african violets and orchids and amaryllis blooms , an awed expression on his handsome face .
` ` just bounce a little when you walk , '' he says , kissing my forehead , ` ` and pretend you 're afraid of their guns '' -another kiss between my eyebrows- '' and act like the shrinking violet you could never be '' -a kiss on my cheek- '' and you 'll be fine . ''
neville does nothing but attach himself to any organization that will have him , and violet ... yesterday violet asked if i wanted to participate in a ' quiz ' that will tell me what my ' best fall look ' is , '' he says .
but even if that were not the case , violet always chattered on about how she would call on her good friend sophie , but she had used her last card . ''
i have heard so much about you , dear violet , but you never ask much of us .
' i am sorry , dear violet , i was not entirely focused .
twenty - six kaspar thousands of vampires stared at violet as she lay limp in my arms .
i ' m sure they would love to know that poor attacked violet is all better now . '
' i do n't disagree with you , ashton , but think about the message we would send to violet by allowing her violator 's father into court .
the point is you 're not going to humiliate me or violet by telling anyone that i took her blood .
i ' m so sorry , violet , i really am , because now he will make your life hell and it 's not your fault .
here violet was , prepared to sacrifice her humanity for me and what did i have to give her in return ?
' as the lady heroine has declined my majesty 's protection , the lady autumn rose has requested the presence of lady violet and the council at court , in athenea , as soon as possible .
it was goodbye to the violet they knew , who ate and drank and got ill ; the violet who would die before she had seen a century pass ; the violet who they had loved and cared and fed and taught for the past eighteen years .
it was goodbye to the violet they knew , who ate and drank and got ill ; the violet who would die before she had seen a century pass ; the violet who they had loved and cared and fed and taught for the past eighteen years .
it was goodbye to the violet they knew , who ate and drank and got ill ; the violet who would die before she had seen a century pass ; the violet who they had loved and cared and fed and taught for the past eighteen years .
i had to save violet from herself before any other .
on the arm of her father , holding a massive , fluffy bouquet with what he could see were cream roses , the big flowers from the table decorations last night but in white , and little violets , vi was walking down the aisle .
then came violet who did n't mean to strike her blow but she did it all the same .
then violet watched with a sinking heart as her husband 's expression changed and he slowly closed his eyes .
layne watched as rocky climbed the steps and touched her cheek to the cheek of a smiling violet who had a chubby infant attached to her hip .
there was a huge , flamboyant bouquet of purple flowers - roses mixed with dainty violets - on my welcome mat .
he had been struggling with the decision of whether or not to make the call to vinnie senior , his uncle , since cal found out about violet and hart .
a man he could n't win against , not only win violet but her daughters .
` ` christ , you ' ve saved the trees , you ' ve made the wilting violet into the prom queen and you ' ve marched to take back the night .
she once again turned away , studying the trees that lined the far bank as if she had a sudden fascination with the tiny violets that were hidden among the moss .
a frown marred her brow as she studied the pretty african violets that lined the sill .
the woman reached out to lightly touch an african violet .
however , willa , being the shy little violet , was n't having it .
` ` it 's a violet , '' he said .
the air is heavy with perfume , from the shy scent of violets and bold bouquet of roses to the subtler scents of vetiver and sandalwood .
` ` violet hayes .
i strategically place myself in front of violet , pissed at myself for making bad choices and getting her involved .
` ` you need to stay away from him , violet .
` ` well , it 's a pleasure violet , aka luke 's partner in crime . ''
thankfully , through all of this , i managed to keep my shit together long enough to get me out of the house and away from violet .
i answer , my arm moving around violet as she lowers herself down onto the seat and puts her head on my lap .
i continue to run my fingers up and down violets cheek and she nuzzles into my touch .
i want my violet back .
my violet ?
but once i met violet hayes and saw a different side , felt the challenge , the connection , the desire to actually want someone on a more passionate level , i knew there was no going back .
i just wish we were on more stable ground ; wished she could get over the thing with my mother , that my mother was in prison so violet had a reason to try and heal herself ; wished i could help her bring that wild , independent , strength back out .
after carefully setting violet down on the sofa i make my way back to the box , deciding what to do .
i know enough about violet to understand that she could have done this to herself .
i want to be stronger , want to have inner strength like the old violet , but she was only a facade , a costume i 'd wear to make it easier to pretend everything was okay when it was n't .
' so what brought you in here today , violet hayes ? '
this helpless feeling that i ' m going to wake up and find violet hurt by that fucking piece of shit .
trevor releases my hand and steps back , opening his mouth to say something when my father walks up to violet and pulls her in for a hug .
while they 're climbing in , i open the passenger side door for violet and when she starts to duck in to climb inside , i place my hand on the small of her back , stopping her .
a minute or two of waiting and my hands are all over violet again , unable to stop myself from touching her .
but now , after getting to know her and seeing the stuff on the news about her parents ' deaths , i think violet has even more problems than i do .
old , thick myth - history books lined the shelves in the bookcases that covered two of the walls , while a couple of clay pots of sunflowers and violets sat on the windowsill .
violets , forget - me - nots , yellow roses , and a sprinkle of rosemary , scattered in a swirl .
` ` violets and forget - me - nots .
it seemed a shame to toss the blossoms to the floor , when they would look beautiful arranged in a big vase - small purple blooms of the violets and the vibrant blue of the forget - me - nots against the large yellow roses .
fellows was over her , the scent of violets that clung to her floating to him .
grandma looked at her , her blue eyes vivid on her wrinkled tan face , like two violets on a freshly plowed field .
isabella touched the blossoms , noting that the bouquet was small and tasteful - yellow roses , violets , and baby 's breath .
a little violet , the kind men purchased from flower girls to wear on their lapels , rested at the base of the tree .
eleanor picked up the violet and pressed it to her nose .
hart listened hungrily to lewis 's description of her lifting the flower to her nose , her face flushed in happiness , how she 'd pressed the violet to her heart .
scottish , violet thought rapidly , taking in his blue and green plaid kilt under the fashionable black suit coat and ivory waistcoat .
many had been to the house before , most often as mortimer 's guests , but some had returned alone for private consultations with violet and her mother .
chapter 4 arrogant , impudent ... violet and her mother were about to be ruined by this scion of aristocracy , and he was laughing at her .
look what had happened the last time violet had thought a man sympathetic to her , had trusted him .
bloody conceited ... violet sank down to her heels , wrapping her arms around her knees .
then again , violet recognized a confidence trickster when she saw one .
the police could arrest and imprison violet and her mother ; the press could stir up a mob to chase them out of the country - again .
daniel was speaking again before violet could drag her thoughts together , and she only caught the last words .
and violet might have , despite her better judgment , if the panic had n't come .
but this was different from deciding how much to charge for the performances or from violet telling her mother what to wear every day , and where to go and what to do .
even if the jury were sympathetic to her , violet still would be punished for killing him or hurting him , if he recovered .
a jury of men would look upon violet and happily condemn her before leaving the courtroom to visit their mistresses on their way home to their wives .
though many people wintered in the cities of southern france , good for violet 's trade , they did not come because it was terribly warm .
for the first time in her life , violet had kissed a man without terror .
the kind doctor or a constable must have found him , violet told herself once again .
there were those who claimed violet and her mother played upon the grieving to take their money , and violet did n't always disagree , but at the same time , she knew that what she and her mother did brought some comfort .
sometimes her mother could render herself unconscious - once , she 'd fallen from her chair and struck her head before violet could catch her , and had bled profusely .
from the coast , in a town not far from here , violet guessed .
statements like this always worried violet , but the woman looked healthy and possibly was too staunch a catholic to contemplate suicide .
when violet reached the doorway where daniel hid , he stepped out in front of her .
such people had nothing to do with young women like violet .
violet gave him a nod and tried to step away , but daniel 's strong hand closed around her elbow , keeping her in place .
for a moment violet the careful woman vanished , as did the violet who used blunt rejoinders to keep those who might hurt her at bay .
daniel , lounging back on the seat opposite her , seemed surprised when violet mentioned it .
daniel reached back and handed violet out of the cart .
he left it braked on one side of the courtyard , and led the horse past violet to the stall next to the draft horse .
every time violet thought she had the measure of him , daniel turned into something else .
the world was beautiful , violet was alone with the man who 'd shown her its beauty , and her heart was light .
one of the hunters said he 'd lead violet to the village and his brother 's coaching inn there , where she could rest and eat and stay the night if necessary .
violet masked her sharp intake of breath by fumbling her way out of the chair and clattering down her coffee cup .
one violet would hold tightly to herself against the hour she 'd have to let it go .
he 'd set up the tale that they were man and wife not only to keep the villagers from treating violet poorly , but also so that no one in this house would think it odd if they heard him easing his passion with her .
for now he lay quietly next to violet , scenting her , feeling her warmth , and did nothing .
she was no wilting violet , his violet .
daniel casually rolled away from violet and sat up , moving the quilt to cover her open nightgown .
violet remained in place , her heart hammering at her sudden sense of loss .
daniel steered violet firmly downstairs to the cart and helped her onto the back of it , taking his place beside her .
he drew back as someone passed along the street , and violet slipped her hand from his .
violet dozed off as morning came , and she awoke to a tray of croissants , coffee , and a bite of cheese , but no daniel .
violet sat down at the table this time , pulling on gloves as she took a place between her mother and the older madame lanier .
as violet watched , the red - haired lady next to daniel wound her fingers around his arm and ran her other hand up his back to his shoulder .
if violet could rise from her bed .
no other man in her life had made violet feel completely valued for herself alone .
as violet had seen on their adventure , he had no qualms about stripping off his gloves and working with his hands .
daniel said nothing as violet scanned the terrace then turned her steps toward him .
daniel handed violet in , the coachman climbed to his perch , started the horses , maneuvered them out of the crush .
jacobi and his red - bearded creditor had killed young violet that afternoon , making her disappear forever .
he shoved these to the floor and seated violet on the couch .
` ` my sweet violet , i 'll lay you ten to one odds you 're wrong about that . ''
but daniel was looking into her eyes , his smile so sinful violet was n't certain whether to squirm or laugh .
when violet washed herself , her thighs were as neutral to her as the inside of her arms or the space between her shoulder blades .
in no time at all , violet found herself sitting bare bottomed on the sofa , her skirt hiked up over her knees .
` ` all kinds of things , my violet .
violet kept her hand in place , neither exploring him nor pulling away .
daniel fetched his greatcoat and wrapped it around violet .
she tried to linger in the doorway so she could watch daniel swing into the coach and roll off into the night , but mary closed the door behind violet , cutting off her view .
after the beautiful night violet had just lived , the phrase sounded vulgar and coarse .
much as she wanted to stay out front gazing at daniel , violet knew she could n't .
the hotel was small but elegant , and what violet supposed was meant by discreet .
he suckled her tongue , and violet wrapped her arms around him to kiss him back .
but for now , violet had her mother , her obligations , and the wretched reality of life .
violet dressed with daniel 's assistance , but the lump in her throat was so hard she could n't swallow the coffee the hotel staff had left outside the suite 's door .
celine put another two lumps of sugar into her tea and stirred it noisily as violet slipped into the sitting room at the boardinghouse .
as the police marched her down the stairs , the two spinster sisters and other tenants popped out of doorways to watch as violet was taken into custody .
if violet could get away from the police , perhaps she could find daniel and beg for his help .
all too soon , violet found herself boarding a train car , a private one hired by lord cameron .
leaving violet alone with daniel .
violet rose from the sofa , picked up her empty cup , and went quietly to his table .
violet set down her coffee and twined her fingers together on the tabletop .
` ` the name violet devereaux is the real one .
ainsley had lent violet some clothes so she could remove her stolen costume and pack it away .
ainsley seemed to think nothing of lending violet a walking dress and two or three day dresses - for the time being , she said .
on her way above , violet had glimpsed lord cameron , his wife , his daughter , and daniel in the parlor for first - class passengers .
the cold wind kept most passengers below , so violet had the deck to herself .
violet had lived so much in cities , with cobblestones beneath her boots , that she 'd never experienced a country spring .
if those gardens were open to the public , violet saw the spring .
daniel was telling her that instead of going to the police after violet had assaulted him , he 'd decided to buy a house from mortimer , pay her debts , and look for violet himself .
` ` violet will bed down at ian and beth 's , while her mum goes to uncle hart 's . ''
and so violet drove off alone with daniel .
` ` you , violet , are gazing upon what will be the fastest motorcar in all of europe .
ian 's gaze met hers fleetingly , then moved past , but violet knew she was still the subject of his attention .
gavina had long since decided that violet was one of the family .
` ` violet is n't a guest , mummy , '' gavina scoffed .
venus gave a resigned sigh and lay down in the hall as violet shut the door .
when violet lifted her head , knowing what would come next , edges of the panic threatened to return .
before violet could stop herself , she thrust her hips back , moving all the way onto him .
he let out a little groan of pleasure , and violet raised her head .
she knew that the violet going forward would be nothing like the violet she was leaving behind .
he leaned over the door to the driver 's seat where violet sat waiting , taking a moment to gaze upon his creation as well as the delectable woman inside it .
but violet lifted herself to him and pulled him close in frantic need .
as much as violet had to work to swallow her pride , she admitted that the ladies truly had been kind .
when violet walked down the staircase of the grande hotel that evening , heads turned , gentlemen and ladies alike staring at her in admiration .
daniel led violet along the carpet stretching from hotel doorway to the low - slung carriage that waited for monsieur and madame to step inside .
no one was to threaten violet , touch her , or even come near her .
` ` dear god , my violet , when did you become so hard ? ''
the two solicitors had entered the room as violet exited , the french solicitor carrying the satchel of legal papers daniel had asked him to draw up .
not the pugilists mr . sutton had lent him , who were , with simon , protecting violet on her way back to the hotel , but the voices of men he 'd known all his life .
chapter 31 violet heard the gunshot and was out of the carriage before simon could stop her .
ian grabbed jacobi , and simon got his hands around violet .
daniel leaned violet against a wall by a large window and curved over her .
but violet forced herself to the present .
when they reached the bed , daniel lifted violet into his arms , wrapping her legs around his waist .
daniel climbed onto the bed , but instead of coming over her , he stretched out beside violet , running his hand across her belly .
daniel slid his arms around her as violet gazed at the land flowing below them and stretched out her arms to embrace the world .
he blinked at the empty space where she 'd been , then lifted his gaze and spied her slipping through the crowd , the violets on her hat bobbing .
she still wore the hat with the absurd violets , which was now hanging half over her right ear .
in the middle of the pound , a statue of lakshmi rose , surrounded by shrinking violets in orange glazed pots and linked to the shore by dark stepping - stones .
hints of violets , black cherry , and ... smoke .
` ` violet wants to come home .
` ` violet should be cooking at the crab lab . ''
as violet slammed and locked the door behind all of them with her mind , kaylee called boldly , ` ` did isaac send you ?
with her mind , violet struck matches and raised them high to the luxurious draperies framing the arched doorways .
she ran her hands back through her hair , a nervous gesture she never allowed herself in public , as she surveyed the wreck holly and violet had made of her office .
roses , violets , lavender , vervain , and rosemary were used in love potions .
she had left small resting places next to the glittering trail : violets nestled against a boulder ; sweet , clean water trickling down stone to a quiet pool that soothed the spirit ; a patch of thick , green grass large enough to stretch out on ; a plump , brown bunny watching him while it stuffed its face with clover ; a cheerful fire that melted the first layer of ice around his heart .
but the body was part of the same delicate web as the violets , the water , the sky , and the fire - reminders of a place beyond the shattered landscape - so he resigned himself to becoming reacquainted with it .
my job was to stand strong for my house and my master , not give myself away like a wilting violet because i was afraid i 'd ruin him .
i knew it had to be her because who else would call me violet ?
i was no shrinking violet , but there were some things not even the strongest of people should have to endure .
hunter paused , and thought for a moment , ` ` i ' m sorry violet , please tell me . ''
he waited for a few minutes until violet could catch her breath and compose herself up on the throne .
chapter eleven as violet approached rachel 's small suburban house , she was seething with rage .
they could n't have looked more pathetic , violet thought to herself .
violet looked on her desk at the cup of steaming coffee that sat there filled to the brim and knew she had to do something fast in order to get her hands on rachel 's schedule .
` ` but you do n't get any more mature , '' i note , settling violet in her bouncy chair .
she found indio outside kicking at a charred stick , breaking it to bits , while daffodil nosed at a clump of violets .
he forbore to say that one violet hardly made a garden .
he used to bring me daisies and violets . ''
bah , violets .
her hair smelled of violets .
` ` eighteen , '' she muttered , then said louder , ` ` he sailed very soon thereafter , but before he left he brought me a posy of violets . ''
` ` violets are much more suitable . ''
violets and poppies in the early spring .
other things had been added to the little cache in place of the violet : a tiny sprig and a few hairs curled together .
he paired him with violet , thinking she would influence freeman to do whitney 's bidding .
meadows knows violet was one of whitney 's experiments .
they ' ve been coming at us , and this time we send a message back to violet .
he recognized one as violet , the senator 's wife .
` ` violet married him before whitney started the breeding program .
ed freeman is an ass**le , ken , and violet 's an idiot if she really could love a man like that .
and as for you , violet , my dear , you really should have done a better job keeping your husband 's attention properly focused . ''
there was a garden to my left , filled with violet blossoms on long , flowing vines .
the blue violets are for my faithfulness to you , always and forever . ''
his back was to them as he stood near a table of what looked like violets and indigos .
we got bored , and then this fight broke out in the violets because one of them was cheating or something ... so , we all just went over there . ''
he reached into the drawer of his desk , and pulled out my fan , white silk embroidered with violets .
dottie was a born flirt ; as she spoke , she leaned toward him , so that he could smell the fragrance of violets in her hair , and twined her fingers charmingly in the lapels of his coat .
if she was not stout , it was because she lacked the capacity to become so ; she adored sugar , and would eat an entire box of candied violets or turkish delight in minutes , compensating for the starvation of her youth in the scottish highlands .
` ` tia , would you mind if i borrowed violet ?
i glance down at violet .
` ` then what will you have to drink , lovely violet ? ''
` ` violet , the soft , delicate flower that is stronger than steel .
i open the door for violet and let her precede me .
thirty : jet i do n't know how the hell i ' ve made it this far without putting my hands on violet .
neither violet nor i speak until i am unlocking the door to our room and holding it open for her .
rather than putting my hands on violet , like i was about to , i move to open the door .
at one point , i see him at it again so i lean in closer to violet , draping my arm over the back of her chair as i give rand my biggest smile , all but daring him to take it one step further .
she did not contact her again , and on the one occasion jennifer bumped into violet , the other woman was so plainly filled with discomfort that it seemed unfair to pursue her .
exotic off - world flora colonize the woodland shadows , especially chosen for their photoactive properties ; luminous emperor orchids and fluorescent gya lilies , pygnollias like illuminated bordellos , meditation violets with softly pulsing hearts .
a brute force yanks me back , but my grips so tight on violets neck , that she comes with me .
while violets being attended to , i m given ample opportunity to think through my short list of alternatives .
shrinking violets had no place on the mars run .
she was no wilting violet , was mrs . mcgillicuddy .
i get this phone call from my sister , violet : violet : how could you not tell me ?
why is n't she freaking out , the way violet would ?
i send them to my feedback team : my mom , rose vogel ( in st . louis , mo ) ; my son , zephyr branon ( in new york city , ny ) ; my sisters , violet engel ( in suburban chicago , il ) and cassie ackerman ( in the san fernando valley area of los angeles , ca ) and her eldest , my niece , leah iris .
the narration alternates with other adults in her life , discussing these same five years : the man who is and is not her husband , epifanio ( fanio ) dang ; her siblings , cassandra ( cassie ) ackerman , violet engel , dr . thomas ackerman ; her sister - in - law , raisa nadel ackerman ; her mother , rose vogel ; and several friends .
they are the parents of four children , in this birth order : thomas , clara , cassandra and violet .
from her pocket , she took out vials of honey and violets that she poured into the tub , swirling the water with her arm , her sleeve rolled to the shoulder .
the flowers descended over cerhared , falling to the garden ground and pooling in petals of violet and cerise .
i found violets that cure cancerous lesions .
i demanded , and when she did n't answer , i grabbed her arm and shouted , violet , what are you talking about ? !
do not have a panic attack right now , violet !
i could not afford for violet to see me in such a vulnerable state after years of teaching her that the exact behavior i was exhibiting with james was unacceptable .
do not bring him up again , violet !
stay focused , violet , i urged myself .
i had seen his younger sister violet many times .
we can only stay like this for a few more minutes , and then we have to go find elijah , violet , and penny .
we packed up his tent and rations before setting off in pursuit of elijah , violet , and penny , hand in hand .
we should not be talking about this now while we are searching for elijah , penny , and violet .
he was worried that when we found elijah , penny , and violet that they would be starving and thirsty , and we would have no food or water to give them .
i must have memorized violets scent .
the burning of violets skin brought about more pain in me than it did in her .
alice assured violet softly as elijah pulled her to her feet .
i do n't want to go in there ... violet was muttering to herself .
strange thoughts where are penny , elijah , violet , and james ?
because i was desperate to find penny , violet , elijah , and james , i did not hesitate in replying .
we declined , but i did ask for them to send a generous helping of everything upstairs to penny , violet , and elijah .
nothing , violet chuckled to herself , everything is cool .
violet asked as she slowly rose onto her feet .
he loves penny and violet .
adam urging me to distrust james for an ambiguous reason was not important ; i had to find penny and violet first , and then i would give james the third degree , as they say .
alice , penny , and violet were there , encouraging me to run faster .
by the time alice and i had cleared the herd of people fleeing for their lives , a native man had thrown violet over his shoulder , started running , and put at least half a mile between us and him .
every inch of my all - knowing ways could not have predicted the outcome of violet and penny being taken .
oh , violet ...
i would like to find penny , violet , and eli before the end of time .
he said , and i do not want to make myself sound more skilled at comforting you than your boyfriend and your best friends , but all you needed , violet , was someone who would only listen , not talk .
anything you need , violet olivier , do not hesitate to send for me .
... but you ' ve also made me so happy ; being here with you , with penny , with violet ...
with elijah , she went the biblical route , and with violet , she chose her favorite flower .
and then , as i am writhing in a field , practically within an inch of my life , even then , crying for you , screaming for you , violet is pleading with you to help me , and you tell her i stopped to run my shaking fingers through my hair .
wishing desperately that violet was awake so i could at least comfort her even though i could not be comforted by anyone , i touched her arm , not intending to wake her .
a torrent of sound exploded through my mind : violets screams , the whoops and taunts and encouragements of the men watching , the disgusting mans own words her eyes had been fixated on james , and she was screaming at him so desperately , choking on her sobs as they fell from her , begging him to help her , to help me the boy who had helped carry me had killed the disgusting man on top of violet , but the others had run away .
a torrent of sound exploded through my mind : violets screams , the whoops and taunts and encouragements of the men watching , the disgusting mans own words her eyes had been fixated on james , and she was screaming at him so desperately , choking on her sobs as they fell from her , begging him to help her , to help me the boy who had helped carry me had killed the disgusting man on top of violet , but the others had run away .
i believe in you completely , violet mae .
well , penny , violet , and alice were there , too , but they are family .
if that did not work , i would warn him that i had a history of protecting violet by whatever means necessary , and that he should take that for what it was .
because i was a concerned sister / de facto parent , i snooped into violets heart and mind while she was awake and found nothing .
when violet first started , she had your same standards , and she wanted your approval .
i waited outside , because i told violet that i would not mediate their discussion ; it needed to be solely her responsibility to make amends with dr . miletus , and she did .
one day , after rachel , violet , alice , tony , the rest of the cooking staff , and i stayed up all night preparing a particularly amazing spread of food for a change of season celebration at the house , he had slunk down early in the morning before the rest of the house had arisen , snuck in the back door of the kitchen , and asked me quite abashedly if his clothes matched .
and you ve been really upset about violets shit here of late .
ask violet , she knows this story : what is the first film i ever saw that was rated r ?
when we returned home , violet turned to me and opened her mouth to speak .
pennys body had become dead weight in violets arms , and violet was panicking , but once the trebestia appeared , her panic turned to petrification .
in place of them , you will have penny , savannah , rachel , joe , and once we find violet , nick , alice , and quinn , you will have them , too .
i could just make out the shapes and bright color of orchids , violets , hibiscus and zinnias , plus a handful of flowers i did n't know the names for .
the dragons were nt neglected either : roses are red violets are green that s the weirdest dragon i ever done seen !
but one african violet was n't enough , he needed more proof .
remembering the quiet , artistic woman with an african violet in her hands , i wondered if we 'd all end up in long , silky , artist - type dresses and whether the store in town carried such things .
` ` after that meeting in our house when you brought back my african violet , i looked you up .
it was lovely , with african violets rubbing shoulders with daisies , unlikely on earth but not even worthy of mention here .
from wild vines creeping up the buildings and around the lamp posts , to bright violets and yellow daisies which covered and accompanied the green grass of the nyc parks i cut through .
at first one or two stray plants but within in minutes of spotting the first a quilt of violet , pink and yellow petals covered both sides of the worn path .
oh , my darling violet he whispered as he held me tightly , are you alright ?
my darling violet , i am so sorry .
i am so sorry , violet .
whether it was a broken wrist or an instance of spousal abuse , violet had found the right words to comfort her patients with ease , and not only was she able to find those words and wield them carefully , she was effective ; dr . miletus had told me that in her two hundred - plus years of service in the medical field , she had never seen someone so attuned to patient needs , so aware of what they needed to hear , and so able to comfort them without patronizing them .
she did not make it back to violet .
i promise you , violet olivier , that my face will be the last that my father sees .
telling me if i just keep going , ill find her , james , penny , violet , and nick , and then well find lara .
for lara , for brynna and james , for penny , for violet and nick , and rachel , and tony and tom all of them !
for a quarter of a century , we have been fighting this fight , and it boiled over after lara was taken , and after we found out that brynna , penny , violet , nick , and james were dead .
over the years , i had come to appreciate just how big of a part i had played in violets anxiety , and i prayed that one day , i would be able to tell her that i was sorry for not backing down when they enticed me into fights , and if not that , that i was sorry that she had had to see it all .
yes , for eli and violets sake , not for hers , and not for pennys .
oh , violet she whispered , as her laughter began to die down , to this day , you still take everything so personally .
you know that i have always cared for you , violet .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue .
listen : i know a bank where the wild thyme blows , where oxlips and the nodding violet grows ; quite over - canopied with luscious woodbine , with sweet musk - roses , and with eglantine : there sleeps titania sometime of the night , lull 'd in these flowers with dances and delight ; and there the snake throws her enamell 'd skin , weed wide enough i will finish ; listen : to wrap a fairy in .
molly , the daughter of two ferocious warriors , was no wilting violet .
it contained photographs of her husband , wallace , and her two daughters , dixie and violet , and a conch shell packed in cotton wool .
dixie and violet , and a conch shell packed in cotton wool .
mrs . dunwiddy smelled of violet water and beneath the violets she smelled of very old woman indeed .
mrs . dunwiddy smelled of violet water and beneath the violets she smelled of very old woman indeed .
she smells of violets . ''
inside the house the smell of violets hung thick and cloying .
fat charlie had n't thought of parma violets in twenty years .
but there were signs of the warmer weather to follow in the blooming wildflowers all around : blue jacob 's ladder , yellow fireweed , bloodred wild roses , and purple violets .
henry was stunned by the transformation , suddenly realizing the ` ` shrinking violet '' act was for the benefit of their captors .
when the light came up again , he was holding a bouquet of violets .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
a big diamond necklace occupies her pale swan neck along with a diamond bright smile and matching tear - dropped shaped diamond earrings while her blonde hair is pinned in a tight bun like a shiny tiara over her skull with a bunch of tiny live violets smashes into her clairol - covered honey blonde hair roots .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
she reached down to pluck a stray violet , staring at its petals for a long moment .
so women in medieval times were far from shrinking violets .
along the edge of the pond , she spotted the most beautiful violet flowers shed ever seen , and had to fight the urge to go pick one .
downstairs , the remnants of a small breakfast marie had served were visible , and she urged me to sit down at the neatly decked table with violets in a small pot in the middle .
he smelled of dust and violets .
mr . iito mussed violets sandy brown hair .
the bell on the door chimed as violet walked through .
percival picked up violets bike , offering it to her before getting his own .
percival said goodnight to violet , but she gave him a big hug instead .
when percival stepped off the bus that evening , he had every intention of going to violets house to see if she had been feeling sick .
percivals mother talked on the phone with one of the neighbors about violets disappearance for a good hour before finally hanging up and going to bed .
percival jerked upright in his bed with violets name on his lips .
when he got in bed and prayed , he asked that violets location be revealed to him in the name of jesus .
percival remembered how many times violet had come to his aid when he had needed her .
percival looked back at the violet hugging him and found her dissolving in his arms .
his and violets families needed to know what was going on .
percival crossed through the dew - wet grass into violets yard , puffing on the chilly air .
mrs . charms sat on the side of the bed , as though shed been tending violet during a time of illness .
percival allowed violet to pull him along , enjoying the fact that she was holding his hand in the process .
i thought castles usually had guards , violet said , looking around , but finding no one .
maybe , but i m not the one they want for their new caretaker , violet said .
apparently no one else , besides percival and violet , were the least surprised by this minute guest .
percival and violet watched the parade , astonished , although no one else in the room seemed particularly puzzled or awed by the display .
percival and violet had gone home to find their families never better .
no one remembered anything about violets disappearance .
percival stood there stunned , while violet suppressed her laughter .
now that he thought about it , percival was sorry he had made mention of violets nervousness .
a dozen percivals , and many more violets , materialized within the coliseum .
percival and violet beamed happily at one another .
the orangutan quickly followed , mimicking violets bravado with a raised sword of his own .
i thought you were nt afraid of them , violet said , following the knight over a particularly large root breaking through the earth like a breaching whale .
i know these workers do nt care about us being here , violet said , but i m not so sure the queen will be as understanding .
he had no control whatsoever , bouncing off the walls , dragged by the sound of violets cry to wherever she might be inside the asylum .
as violets screamed came to an end , percival smashed headlong into the doors .
it lasted only a moment , leaving violets startled form in its wake .
roses are orange , violets are green , you ve made a mistake starting this scene .
thenzoom ! hoang - ha rode on a turn that took him back to his motorbike to have a more serious look around : he turned down the towpath into a landscape of vibrant heat and grotesque humidity , where scrubby violet plants grabbed at his legs to tell him that something was not quite right .
i looked away from him and noticed that the potted african violet plant in the window looked a little dry .
my phone was on the bed next to a single violet .
around the oak tree is a cedar wooden tree bench wrapping completely around the circumference that can seat six people to enjoy the cool shading of the overhanging branches creating a romantic , timeless escape from the real world of wrecked atvs as i giggle with a girly twang noting there s planted a patch of pretty bluish - purple african violet flowers as i step closer to the far away front porch .
and lucky for you , the african violets are on sale this week .
end of book i bre faucheux other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
end of book i bre faucheux other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
he wrote on plain paper , ' roses are red and violets are blue , geography is boring do you think so too ? '
i was supposed to send you to cape cod to spend some time with ryan and violet .
i saw everything through sheets of color : violets and roses blossomed before my eyes in the light of the silver moon , highlighting the lower slopes of the gray - brown tree trunks before me .
she loved the library and had a pretty garden there , her favorite flowers were violets .
to help ensure that both their girls , joyce and judy , their first and third adopted children , would have the best chance , they moved from rosedale to a large house in the valley of york mills , where violets flowed up to the door in springtime .
the chameleon doodled on a lined pad while thinking ; the words read : violets are blue , roses are red mrs . hokobu will soon be dead catchy , but probably not one of our bestsellers , the chameleon thought .
there was also a large pot of purple african violets beside it .
surrounding various water fountains were violets and violas , daffodils and grape hyacinths .
upon closer inspection i identified lily of the valley , violets , and babys breath .
this was no shrinking violet , i thought , as i contemplated the woman i had only met once before , during a memorial service at the navy yard .
it wound its way around two large pine hedges to the back steps , which were laden with flower boxes overflowing with violets , touch - me - nots , and sweet williams .
we have a long trip back to new york and a lot to talk about , violet said , turning and trudging through the north wind back to the warm sanctum of the suv .
we will fill you in as we travel , violet said over her back into the wind .
after i opened my eyes , i placed a few late - blooming violets on top of her .
i dreamt of violet carew .
' forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it . '
she was no shrinking violet , but the pawing and the leering eventually brought her to reacher 's office .
reverently approaching the shrine , she placed a handful of red and violet blossoms in the shrine 's small niche , pressing her palms together at forehead height , bowing her head in a brief prayer to protect them against the evil demons that lurked in the forest 's restless green shadows .
they passed a worker tending a swath of african violets .
violet stepped under the tape and walked down the driveway toward her sergeant , a wide massive man with the girth of an oak tree and a voice as deep as her daddy 's .
i put my arm around violet and cuddled with her as charlie tatum piloted the island hopper away from the dock into the middle of silver lake .
i returned to violet and sat down on the front pew .
within twenty yards of the lodge , i pulled violet behind a tree and whispered in her ear : ` ` wait here and do n't move . ''
i thought of violet , fighting for her life out in those woods , could n't imagine that young woman surviving luther .
i slung violet over my shoulder , struggled to my feet , praying no one in the observation lounge would see us .
i stowed violet in the back seat and climbed behind the steering wheel .
for a moment , violet felt as homesick for those eastern woods as she did for her parents .
as he turned several knobs , violet felt her chair begin to vibrate .
i looked down at violet in her immobilized terror .
ezio smelled the scent of violets on his breath .
we sforza women are no shrinking violets , you know !
angie looked out at the tiny yard , the dying violet petals growing through the chain - link fence from the other side .
but in the back , wide rooms with high copper ceilings and tall archways looked onto a courtyard , a wading pool , and gardens where spotted horsemint , violets , and tickseeds grew alongside european fan palms .
she was supposed to be a grown - up modern woman , not some shrinking violet afraid to face up to what she 'd done .
she had shimmering hair sopale it was almost silvery and clear eyes the exactcolor of wood violets .
then she was all sugar when the girl returned , bearing a posy of violets or glass of barley water .
jenks flew up from a patch of violets .
a vase of violets rested on the back of the commode , and i was surprised a vamp cared about such things .
she was sweet and warm against his tongue , her blood scent filling his nostrils with the delicate fragrance of dark bergamot and tender violets .
their lesson was on emulsification and the fine art of egg whites as applied to sugared violets , fake eyelashes , skin care , and poison control .
i ordered three dozen sugared violets and two bags of candied citron , and they are absolutely vital to the success of this evening . ''
we 're out in the field , surrounded by thousands of violets and flourishing trees .
he points a finger at a violet bush , sheltering a small hole burrowing into the hillside .
wondering if ivy would bring me coffee if i shouted , i nudged my knee pad into the sun near a patch of soft - stemmed black violets .
` ` the nice plate , '' i said , quashing my guilt and rummaging for the plate ivy had bought at a garage sale this spring after i 'd said i liked the violets on the open - weave rim .
then , like i was n't thrown enough , cal leaned down and picked up a potted african violet on the low table next to the sofa and brought it over to me .
` ` yeah , wel , shiny new flowers or not , there 's stil a broken pot , and a very sad old violet . ''
violet just winked at him as she left the coffee shop , taking the next caller in a long line of people who needed her help .
a few wild violets were growing on her left , and she picked them , along with a patch of buttercups .
when we climb up to the flourishing violet bush on the hill , we climb down the ladder and step into the dark .
the only other phrase that came to mind wascrystallized violets .
already he knew her smell - violets and the sunshine he 'd encountered so briefly on the surface .
the next instant she was looking at a cluster of violets with velvet leaves and a drop of dew shining on a petal .
on the ground , spreading out like a circle expanding , flowers of all colors bloomed , sweet violets in clumps here and banks of queen anne 's lace there , and wild roses climbing everywhere .
bluebell and violet , foxglove and iris , watch where she treads and then watch the grass sway .
i al owed violet to slip off my shoulders and the two of us stood , facing each other , as throngs of pedestrians passed on either side of us .
he was loathsome , and even though my compel ing would ensure violet would be treated kindly , i hated the thought of her returning here .
` ` she 's none of your concern - ` ` ` ` i ' m violet burns , '' violet said , curtseying and blushing as damon took her hand and brought it to his lips for a kiss .
` ` wel , unfortunately , violet wil get none of that with stefan , darling .
` ` and are you taken by the young violet ? ''
it was almost time to pick up violet from the tavern and escort her to the dock party .
on our route several laborers whistled at violet .
i needed to bring violet somewhere she could be safe .
i nodded and helped violet to her feet .
you become a completely different person ... '' i trailed off as violet pressed her hand to my chest , gently at first , and then more and more insistently .
hastily , i swept violet into my arms and into my tiny cottage .
as you said , the air wil do us good , '' i said , pul ing violet 's chair back and offering her my arm .
because of me , violet would never have a family of her own .
hunger , certainly , '' he said as violet lowered her head to drink as if in a trance .
wild violets were blooming in the grass at their feet .
as i made my way into the garden , as i walked on the first marble path that traversed the beds of violets and roses , i saw the birds coming and going , circling broadly in this wide place , so that they could clear the towers that rose so distantly and majestically against the sky .
as i slowly slid the window up , i saw a row of african violets in little clay pots , sitting on the sill .
you learned mrs . bethany likes african violets .
i straightened the violets on the windowsill just the way they 'd been and left by the front door , which luckily locked automatically .
` ` your regrettable refusal to discuss this with your parents compels me to deal with you personally , '' mrs . bethany said , watering the line of violets along her windowsill .
` ` i require some of my things and wanted to ensure that you had n't failed to water the violets . ''
lucas put everything out of the way , then reached through the open pane to turn the lock , quickly setting aside the small row of potted african violets kept there .
then violet waved her hand and started walking toward her aging honda .
jo - jo pulled a chair over to violet , clicked on a light , and gently unwound my t - shirt strips from her face .
he knew how badly violet had been hurt , how an innocent piece of her had been stripped away that she 'd never get back .
` ` so which is worse - me assassinating dawson for threatening the foxes or him telling his brother to go rape and murder violet just to send a message to her grandfather ? ''
finn , xavier , roslyn , sophia , eva , warren , violet , and finally owen .
warren and violet fox , roslyn phillips , vinnie and natasha volga .
that 's where they were all gathered - finn , bria , owen , eva , jo - jo , sophia , xavier , roslyn , phillip , cooper , violet , warren , silvio , catalina .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue , show your true self or i'l put a hex on you . ''
at least my note is better than the one ally got from matt wilde last year : roses are red , violets are blue , if i get you in bed , it would be really cool .
amma was wearing her black sunday dress with the tiny violets scattered all over it , and a wide - brimmed black hat .
` ` mom will be glad to hear african violets have n't lost their healing power . ''
he paused to scratch his nose , staring blankly at a watercolor painting of a bunch of violets on the laundry room wall .
a week later , sylvie was walking around her favorite gardening store , staring at the violets in their paper tubs , the fledgling trees held up by posts , the soft , massive bags of soil stacked in the corner .
laylen and i headed off in the direction his voice came from and found him standing on the side of the hill , holding back the branches of the blooming violet bush .
but the violet flower i hoped would be a good enough message that he would think of the violet bush that conceal our childhood hideout and know where to look .
she paused , handing me the violet flower .
` ` and there are the other mermaids ... . '' ` ` violet , you ca n't give up your life for me . ''
roses are red , violets are blue , i went to work , how 'bout you ?
p.s.-i thought violets were purple , not blue .
` ` violet and beetle are both terrified , and i ca n't find thistle anywhere . ''
teensy contracts with thistle and violet and beetle to help with some of my tricks , but that 's all .
some of the notes from a threatened violet 's life .
she smelled faintly of violets .
` ` and wait a minute ... '' patricia darted into the hall and returned with a bunch of violets .
gabby gestured dramatically , like she was giving a shakespearean monologue , and trilled , ` ` roses are red , violets are blue , ethan landry , prank 's on you ! ''
he smelled violets .
` ` sweet as violets . ''
he thought she had a scent like violets ?
when they stepped into the close space of the elevator , aria 's scents flooded into his nose , a combination of violets and sweat and pride and power .
` ` your scent is like violets in early spring , '' he whispered .
` ` a violet . ''
like violets and open fields under the sun .
` ` it 's good for you , '' she said , and he went right back to sniffing the violets or whatever they were .
` ` i ' m looking for violet hayes , '' he says .
her eyes darken and greyson gets a little worried , leaning back like violet 's about to attack us all .
` ` good living with violet ? ''
i fell asleep on the couch , even though i said we could share a room , telling violet i just wanted to chill and watch television for the night .
there 's just me ... and violet ... her big green eyes filled with excitement as i kiss her , touch her , pull at her hair ...
i need to get my head back to where it was before , become the independent unaffected violet again .
the cranky , erratic , violet that falls out windows and kicks him in the head .
the mixture smoked and popped , the celery seeds twitching like popcorn and the orris root smelling of burning violets .
wild bramble and bluebells adorned the rolling hills , along with brilliant red poppies and dark purple violets , appearing as a scene from a vivid painting .
the long tables were lined with rows of candles , ribbons and vivid purple violets , king arthur 's favorite .
tiny purple violets added dabs of inviting color .
a strange place espite the red , thumping ache in his head , simon could smell a delicious odor of soup , violets , and fresh bread .
good morning sadness sadness is a friend of melancholy you know the road that will take you to happiness so that you will not be sad or melancholic anymore november the month colorful autumn leaves are all around the first snow falls fresh and light like your soft face your cheeks on the first cold morning red like the roses in may the description of your visage is always near my heart you are still a young suave girl with eyes like wet violets your hair is autumn red but your visage is not melancholic like autumn yet like the smile of paradise sweet and suave like venus of the ocean a sweet divine creature made of strawberry milk and petals of rose flowers perfumed with spring air as autumn returns every year it seems less melancholic with you on my horizon yet calmer and happier the winter , spring time and summer are good friends of autumn the other seasons will be happy to welcome autumns smile again no more melancholic autumns for me .
the parties admit that defendant violets moncal is the registered owner of a parcel of land with a residential house constructed thereon situated at no .
in this wilderness , touching franks carefully shined shoes , were a mass of violets mixed with english ivy , their spring blooms long gone .
they walked toward the grass full of daisies and violet , trigs made a snapping sound .
his friend was pointing across the room toward where a vase decorated with pictures of violets sat on a small table against the wall .
my father used to share the house with his wife violet . ''
the way she said violet gave salvatore the impression that breedlove did n't take too kindly to her stepmother . ''
i presume violets things are still in the bathroom ? ''
these were desperate times but violet had her mothers temperament and never let life beat her down .
where violet did her begging was on a road that led to a much more affluent area and at times some of the moneyed people would pass by her and that was always a bonus for her .
so they asked if they could meet with her mother , so violet took them home to meet her .
the mother was astounded as she did nt know about violet singing in the street and as nothing good had happened in their life up until now she was at a loss to know what to do .
the couple were very kind and assured the mother that violet would be well taken care of during the festival and if the mother was willing they would come and escort violet and herself to the festival where she would be able to watch violet perform .
the couple were very kind and assured the mother that violet would be well taken care of during the festival and if the mother was willing they would come and escort violet and herself to the festival where she would be able to watch violet perform .
the couple had entered violet in a competition where she could win a recording contract and a sum of money to help her on her way .
lilys sisters , rose , fern , and violet , were all fiercely protective of their little sister .
fern , rose , and violet all had apartments of their own in town , but lily had to keep close to mum .
only violet appeared unfazed , but rose and fern both knew that was an act .
a cheerful petal of violet .
daffolitalians from daffodils , sakurattalians from sakura , and violettalians from violets .
there was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger , and the room was filled with the scent of violet .
their pleasant scent was like lilacs and violets and sweet peas all rolled together into one .
did nt know about violets .
the violets are very dangerous .
aurum had said the violets were the most powerful psychics of the clans .
he believes that between the violets and the reds , a dominance will be created and the other castes will fall before us .
had the reds and violets joined , the end result would have been the destruction of all castes but the violets .
had the reds and violets joined , the end result would have been the destruction of all castes but the violets .
roses are red , violets are blue , i ca nt write poetry , but happy birthday to you .
the ad was red rose bordered and in the middle were the lines : angel , roses are red , violets are blue , this is nt a t - bird , but happy birthday to you .
from the silvery hair , entwined with poesies , violets , daisies and babys breath , to a dress of riotous colors and bare feet , not to mention the iridescent wings protruding from her back , ella guessed the second figure to be the absent fairy godmother .
so it was they traversed field and fen together , laughing with the brook and dancing in the mist of dawn , learning the language of violet and swallow .
she crossed the forest of ancient oaks and emerald green lawns dotted with flowers of every shape and color , yellow daffodils , red poppies , snowdrops , wild violets , cornflowers .
that s because god makes a phantom feeling of realness , as part of you , said tselig , watering a pot of violets .
audrey was holding a sprig of violets , wrapped at the base with silver foil .
but violets were out of season .
audrey placed her sprig of summer violets on laura 's chest .
` ` the violets ?
` ` not the violets . ''
the smell of violets almost overwhelmed her .
all that remained in the taxman 's office was an amended piece of paper , which read as follows : ' roses are red , violets are blue .
i can detect ... sugar , milk , butter , cream , vanilla , hazelnuts , almonds , walnuts , raisins , orange peel , various liqueurs , citrus pectin , strawberries , raspberries , essence of violets , cherries , pineapples , pistachios , oranges , limes , lemons , coffee , cocoa- ' ' nothing there to be frightened of , right ? '
it had little hand - painted violets on it .
to ameliorate the effect she had tried to plait violets and cowslips in it .
but it was scrupulously clean , and in a touch that seemed out of character in so large and powerful a man , a row of multicolored african violets lined the windowsills .
but them other banks , they wo n't lend to king of the golden river , for all it 's my lads what keeps their cesspits fragrant as a violet .
it 's like ... like violets and sugar .
i suppose it 's weird to think violets are edible , huh ? ''
` ` not so weird as a guy actually knowing what violets smell like . ''
that tattoo was a chain of violets and leaves that spread across my lower back .
` ` violets have sort have become my patron flower , '' i explained , ` ` because of my eyes . ''
and violets .
` ` like violets in the snow .
violets and dark ivory sweetheart roses adorned some of the braids .
her immortal signature smelled like violets and put me in mind of moonlight and cello music .
simple wood violets , then a small flask holding bloodred wine .
tomorrow i shall move that you are ab hamo , and in the event of this not working i -- ' ' smelling of violets ? '
forgive me , madam , but those are violets of course .
here and there along the base of the fence , beds of violets and tender grasses grew .
and while english toilet waters are cloying and sweet , violets and gilliflowers , this aroma is light and delicate .
stepping up next to her , taking her hand , char , in a flaming red matron of honor sheath set off by a headdress wreath of violet blossoms , settled everything by sweetly voicing , these are our sisters .
the doctor hovered over him , his breath smelling of violets and licorice , an aroma that aroused a mixture of feelings that mackie could nt control .
before an - khis family moved away to satisfy her fathers ambitions , this scene was exactly how she remembered the couple , clothed in fine white linen and as fresh as the violets , coriander and catnip they gathered daily .
` ` i know this is very trying for you , lady violet , but i want to assure you that you have nothing to fear .
` ` we 're two of a kind , you and i , lady violet .
close them , lady violet .
` ` it was a pleasure to meet you , lady violet .
` ` gladstone informed violet that her narcolepsy could be cured by subjecting her to a profound dose of the emotion that triggers it . ''
` ` our dear uncle august knew that anger would cure violet of her narcolepsy and was also the trigger that would ignite the heat inside her .
miss levine , lord wade and violet '' ` ` violet ? ''
` ` good afternoon , lady violet , mr .
her veiled face showed no emotion , but he could see her hands tremble as she held her bouquet of lilies sprinkled with violets .
if you really wanted to do the best for us , violet declared .
you think all three of us are nothing more than little whips of girls , violet remarked .
chapter 3 violet leaned her back against the wall in the passage just outside the library , her heart racing and her breath coming out in gasps .
i understand that , violet assured her .
then well just have to break the news to your fianc gently , violet replied .
it might be an achievement , violet replied .
sure , i m concerned about it , violet replied .
satisfied with the preparations for their mail - order husbands arrival , violet hurried upstairs .
when cornell asked rose about her agreement with violets mail - order husband arrangement , rose assuaged his concerns with flattery and declarations of her own helplessness .
i know i can count on you , violet squeezed roses hand and moved back toward the door .
i just do nt like making him so upset , violet replied .
i hope they re the cowboys we need them to be , violet added .
but he could be old , violet pointed out .
violet nearly jumped out of her skin when rose chimed in from the back seat .
good , then , violet declared .
i just thought you might think the worst , violet explained .
they took no notice at all when violet said , shall we get back to the buggy and head home ?
jake and rose settled into the back seat , and violet and iris got into their places in front .
i still do nt like the idea of sending him away , violet remarked .
chucks fingers slipped over violets , and a surge of goose bumps shot up her spine and up the back of her neck .
of course not , violet replied .
to violets eternal gratitude , the cabin door swung open and rose and jake came out onto the porch .
that s what i thought , violet agreed .
this is a perfectly good dress , violet declared .
oh , i do nt want him expressing his appreciation , violet exclaimed .
iris and rose disappeared before violet knew what became of them , and she knew better than to follow them .
no , i do nt think so , violet dear .
chapter 15 violet pulled herself up and hardened her heart to him .
but violet caught her breath again when her eye fell on a solitary figure on the ground below her window .
it was all violets doing , rose told him .
she planned the whole thing , and rita even uses violets recipes .
just about everything on this table came from violets gardenexcept for the beef , of course .
oh , she is keeping it , violet replied .
we told cornell she worked for a high - end dressmaker out of san francisco , violet continued .
it was a lot of trouble , violet admitted .
your bride might think differently , violet pointed out .
that s what i thought , violet cried .
now go upstairs , violet , before i take you there myself .
with chuck out of the way , cornell made another grab for violet .
violet let her head fall against his palm , and he cradled her in his arms .
i want to be alone with you , violet exclaimed .
but you know what i mean , violet insisted .
just call it my female sense of propriety , violet explained .
just a moment , violet replied .
please will you do me a favor and review violets mail order husband so ill know whether you liked it or not , it would be very much appreciated , thank you .
other books by kate whitsby violets mail order husband mail order marion ( chapman mail order brides : book1 ) christmas mail order bride mail order josephine mail order bride romance box set western mail order brides box set connect with kate whitsby favorite me on smashwords : click here sign up to my mailing list click here brother gregory : gene one being the fictionalized story of brother gregor mendel ; monk , scientist and the discoverer of genetics .
mr . hewes held up a bowl of bright purple violets .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
and besides , he did n't want the discussion ; he wanted to get back to those poems , the wreaths of hyacinths and violets in a girl 's hair , the moon that looked distantly down on lovers and was the same to lovers and to the unloved .
pansys and primrose , daisy and cowslip , even some beautiful purple violets were just beginning to show their colors .
she smelled of violets and spoke words he did not understand , but were comforting .
the scent of violets , however , remained with him long after the darkness returned .
there were bluebells , blazingstars , mule ears , dandelions , nightshade , yellow violets , redmaids , clarkias , forget - me - nots , eveningsnow .
wooden wind chimes hang above a row of different varieties of violets outside on the deck .
they re violets .
light like this would swallow the violets .
and about violets made of light .
in a sudden flash , purple dots popped across my vision , like the violets in level zero .
the edges of the light flattened out , and it became a translucent triangle of pure lightlike the origami violets .
they reminded me of the violets i d seen beforeonly these were smaller , and unmoored .
sofia figured they were shrinking violets from a rather poor family .
with a degree of trepidation , violet entered the man cave .
when violet pulled up outside number thirteen , potters road , she looked over the front of the old house with a professional eye .
as her mother went off to dress , violet could only get father patrick o'leary 's answer machine .
they went through the french windows into the garden and when violet glanced back , she could see mrs granger , talking to ... something .
feeling quite elated with how things had gone so far , violet drove over to monkton and parked outside mrs granger 's house .
chapter 25 a very long and hot soak in the bath , after much shaving and trimming , had violet thinking all manner of possibilities , few of them to do with house sales .
chapter 28 violet was on her way to see mrs granger in monkton .
and it sent up a faint , dusty aroma ... like a tremor of violets .
` ` example , roses are red violets are blue , if it was nt for these handcuffs i d play the kazoo . ''
get used to it , violet replied .
ill go see my violet .
at least you still get your own space on weekends , violet mentioned as she set the couch down with him .
pa kowolski had reclaimed pagan , much to the frustration of valery , veronica and violet .
'' have a sugared violet , my pillicock . ''
mister vanilla , standing by jonathan pickles ( lord mayor 's officer ) 's headstone , pops a sugared violet into his mouth and dabs at his little moustache with a lilac handkerchief .
katze 's courting card goes like this - roses are red , violets are blue , stay in your bed and i 'll marry you .
and a faint scent of perfumed violets but it is too late .
sir , were serving either a 1994 opus one noted for its complex nose of lead pencil , toasty oak , violets , and black currants , or a 2006 chateau de beaucastel chateauneuf du pape blanc vieilles vignes , noted for its smoky pear and apricot aromas .
she learned that perfume was produced here from hundreds of varieties of violets .
she was n't sure what a violet looked like , but she tried to imagine the scent of a small purple flower .
on their metal covers their grandmother had placed african violets which seemed to bloom all the time .
along the fence between their two properties violets bloomed .
violets , maybe , one of the early flowers they used to put in may baskets when they were little .
one afternoon near the end of october , with insects whirring as loudly as in july , as bett had walked down the lane to get the mail , she had been horrified to see that the clumps of violets , which spent each summer struggling for life among the lanes thin crushed stone , had re - blossomed .
its hard to believe that christmas is just over two weeks away and violets are blooming along the lane .
random patches of wild violets and red columbine flourished between the stones .
nay , she colors this wooded canopy with shades more vibrant than the violets and columbines .
sure , darla said , looking at a flowering bush just out the window , the lace curtains hanging like bangs across a forehead , the potted violet in soil so dry it was struggling .
little books , pages all different colours , lots of pink and purple , and most girls wrote sickening little things , roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet and so are you that type of rubbish and then signing their names all elaborate and decorating them with hearts and curls and anything that would make them look more significant .
she cleared the empty takeout boxes from the table and laid the following arrangement from the contents of her 9 coat pockets- a sewing needle , a spool of violet thread , a mechanical pencil , a printer cartridge that she had emptied and refilled with home - made violet ink , and , as always , her violet monogrammed cigarette case , custom - made to fit 9 cigarettes , hand - rolled with the violet paper she had dipped in perfume to smell like violets .
hank and i led a society called the violet 9- this is the society i have alleged my silence .
kane ran to the bush and picked a handful of violets .
kane reached into his ratty blue - jeans and removed a pristinely preserved violet from his pocket .
she smelled of violets freshly plucked by the sprites of eden .
he reached back into his blue jeans and removed his only remaining violet .
fixing the flower in the sand , patting the earth around the stem , he kissed the violet goodbye .
hank and kane spent these days composing a musical ode to the violet 9 .
kane distributed 9 copies of the violet book to the violet 9 .
the violet 9 ( spoken together ) : the first phase of art is the analyst .
the violet 9 : the second phase of art is the intellect .
kane : you have your violet books .
hank poked his head back into the theatre , his only aim being to confuse the violet 9 .
but then hank changed when he got involved with the violet 9 .
the poet needed a larger outlet than the violet 9 , and hank was n't ready to move on .
in the days of the violet 9 , they carried four - hour discussions in which they only raised one or two ideas .
kane nodded to a lone violet placed oddly in the sand to mark what looked to be a freshly dug grave .
though the sun was high , there was a mystic breeze that surrounded the violet , vivifying the flower on a patch of land where all else seemed dead .
plant her stunning blossomed violets , grant them to the earth .
her heart felt like a glass jar jammed full of violets , so many beautiful feelings jammed into such a little space .
purple clover and queen annes lace grew all - around the cemetery , but each grave was groomed and covered with the heart - shaped leaves of spring violets .
dog tooth violets and trilliums were already blooming in clay pots clustered among the geraniums so they looked like patches of a woodland grove .
when they were almost halfway through , they opened a quilt that was all stones and fungus and lichens overlain with beautiful individual flowers , apple blossoms , peach and cherry , tulips and dog tooth violets and trilliums and lady slipper orchids among the stones .
eugenes mother was buried beside her husband and a short way from where the newly planted violets were just beginning to take root over eugenes ashes .
he himself smells of violets .
suddenly , the potent scent of violets came to me , rendering my nose temporarily inactive .
it , too , had the strange consistency of violets .
if your assault absolutely must happen on our wedding day , i would understand , but only ask that you come bearing red violets .
after traversing the mountains , they came upon a hilly field dotted with red violets , the petals of which the rat man started rubbing vigorously against his furthis scent together with the fear pheromones seemed to have a psychotropic effect on narciss and he immediately passed out .
could it be that the experimental substance , when combined with the fragrance of these violets , had intense hallucinogenic effects on those in the subjects proximity ?
after this minor drama had satisfactorily played itself out to equilibrium , sepia immediately sent for the sweetest smelling red violets to be found in all of blueberry : as it turned out , the best specimens that could be located were growing in princess cookies personal greenhouse .
her face blushed until she was as red as the violets .
meanwhile , rat man miyazaki squeaked exuberantly at the sight of the red violets , whose petals he immediately scrubbed against his fur .
upon exiting the coach , she made immediately for her greenhouse and threw a loud shouting fit about her stolen violets .
the fear pheromones mixed with the scent of the red violets brought forth some shocking atrocities from the guests and a bloodbath ensued .
afterwards , as they lay together nestled in each others arms , bunnu could have sworn he smelled the distinct scent of violets all about them .
i mean appalachia is pretty in spring , thick greenery rolls for miles , buttercups and violets have been resurrected from the dirt , but the numbness lives here in the foothills .
still curious , i decided to freshen up my drink , so with my head down i peered around the doorway into the serving line and standing there as conspicuous as a red rose in a field of violets was elyssa .
thousands of flowers bloomed everywhere , even violets and maililien , maren noticed , and other flowers whose time was really long past because they were unable to grow in the vicious heat .
so may had come , and from the little garden outside the scent of violets wafted through the open window ; then the good countess stepped one morning again before the mirror .
he was ceasing to care for knowledge unless it spoke to his emotions ; and he dreaded , as if it were a dwelling - place of lost souls , that dead anatomy of culture which turns the universe into a mere ceaseless answer to queries , and knows , not everything , but everything else about everything as if one should know everything about the scent of violets while being unable to detect it oneself .
she set up a card table by the snack bar , where she dispensed band aids , mercurochrome ( we called it monkey blood ) and bismuth violet to wounded spectators .
back when she had not the word , hardly the image : lil welcoming him home , handing zav a violet : verbal monologue , ` ` us ! ''
* * * bryan looked out over the field of flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
she slipped her hand away and the hills seemed to rise from the distant mist , across a thousand miles of wild flowers , goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
liz was nowhere to be seen , just the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
he could see the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
she carried a bouquet of violets that matched her eyes , whose edges she had outlined in deep , dark blue .
sam poured the last of the water on the wilted african violet and glared back at jake and frank .
what we saw at the back of elias house was a yard partially cemented , a bunch of violets and bromelias .
he took out a small tablecloth and spread it carefully , ceremoniously , across the weeds , the buttercups and the violets .
she smelled a light fragrance , like violets or lily of the valley .
beside her coffin was a wreath of lilies , provided by her son john , a six - foot long cross made up of 10,000 violets , and her favorite carved chair in which she always sat when receiving guests .
yes , especially violets .
` ` roses are red , violets are blue , keep your team in the lead , do n't be number two .
he smiles at me as we enter into the canopy where purple and black ribbons hang from the ceiling , lights sparkle along the walls , and rows and rows of violets decorate the front area .
the wedding would take place somewhere serenely beautiful like at a private beach or in a field of violets .
one violet dewitt held the envelope marked ` ` to be opened by my daughter upon my death '' and ran her fingers along the edges .
most people that the solicitor saw were probably grieving or concerned about money they would inherit ; violet was not interested in anything of the sort .
not the case , violet thought to herself .
instead of fantasizing about archaeological finds , violet 's head was filled with nurseries and starter homes .
i never want to leave your side , violet .
hauling herself out of bed , violet took a quick shower and began to get ready for work .
eyes narrowed , violet clenched her coffee in hand and headed to the cafeteria for the staff meeting .
if it was n't for the presence of that swanky car at the curb , violet would have thought this was a layoff of some kind or an announcement of more programs being cut .
to think that he was in detroit several times a year for auto industry meetings , and had never known that his violet was right under his nose , teaching at a local school .
as if she could hear the turn of his thoughts , violet shifted in her seat , snuggling down farther against the leather , her cheek cradled against the seat belt that separated her still - magnificent br**sts .
they pulled up in front of the house and violet stared at her childhood home .
before violet could scoff at that , the woman continued .
again , violet had to resist the urge to roll her eyes .
the next day violet flicked off the tv in her hotel room and glanced over at the phone .
her mother had been one , and violet had spent her childhood making excuses for her mother 's behavior .
her mother had drank herself into a stupor so many times that violet felt herself mentally distancing every time someone picked up a bottle .
the man waiting in the lobby for her was dressed in an elegant gray suit and had to be just about the prettiest man violet had ever seen .
` ` violet dewitt .
violet put her coffee cup down in a nearby holder and lifted her phone , dragging her thumb across the screen .
and now violet was researching on her own time ?
violet 's soft body next to his played havoc with his senses , the faint scent of her perfume filling his nostrils , and his body immediately responded to her touch , his c**k hardening .
angry with herself , violet jerked at her other stocking , shoving it down her leg as unsexily as possible .
her throat dry , violet said nothing for a long moment .
he normally had a sharp memory for these kinds of things , but with violet straddling him , her br**sts inches from his wanting hands , it was difficult to concentrate .
he was touching violet 's skin , breathing violet 's scent , his fingers buried in violet 's pu**y .
they ate their dinner in silence , violet picking at her food .
he crawled over her again , and violet strained at the ties on her hands .
and so violet flexed her hips , encouraging him to start moving .
` ` my violet . ''
would there be a next time , violet wondered ?
while she waited for him , violet grabbed the tablet and returned to the bed , determined to puzzle out the poem .
fourteen after agonizing for hours , violet made up her mind .
tucking her hair behind her ears , violet clutched her purse close and knocked at jonathan 's hotel room door .
he did n't deserve a woman like violet .
` ` hey , long time , no see , '' someone said behind her , and violet turned away from the sign and saw her friend kirsten .
it 's just because you 're still too attached , violet told herself .
she just needed time , violet told herself .
twisting her hands in her lap , violet wondered what he 'd think if she went to him and said she was pregnant .
one hand pressed to her mouth , violet stood up and automatically headed for the door .
swiping a messy throw off one of her chairs , violet folded it nervously .
i ' m here to tell you that i will be that person , violet .
it was farther away from the school than violet liked , but she 'd loved the apartment when they 'd seen it .
an emotional knot threatened violet 's throat and she tilted her face back , silently asking for a kiss .
it was n't death itself ; her mother had passed when violet was twenty - one , a miserable drunk to her very last moment .
five sets of eyes stared at her in open surprise as violet entered the basement room with jonathan .
why not take violet ? ''
the man was completely devoted to his wife , violet .
` ` i know violet loves me .
there was also a picture of violet and rebecca .
` ` violet was hidden away by her mother in order to protect her .
chapter two violet shook as his hands roamed up and down her back .
* * * * violet opened her eyes and gasped as the stabbing pain in her heart was too much .
licking her lips , violet stared into his eyes .
ever since violet walked into his office building a year ago he 'd known she would be his .
however , thinking about violet at his home alone did little to soothe him .
* * * * violet went to refuse , but he was already lifting her up in his arms .
moaning in frustration , violet opened her eyes .
for as much as violet opened up when they were alone , after what happened the night before , he figured she would try to distance herself as much as possible .
most of the nights were spent with male clients while violet camped out , hidden in her little cupboard .
biting her lip to contain the tears , violet ran her hand over the flap covering the screen .
the moment he spoke , violet had felt her body drawn to his call .
with her help , violet explored her surroundings .
starting in the library , violet checked out the many different types of books he had in his possession .
closing her eyes , violet let the calm take over .
if you want me to stop , violet , then pull away from me . ''
closing her eyes again with her head on her arms , violet counted the time in her head .
violet walked to the mirror , settling the bra in place as it pushed her tits up and threatened to overspill the cups .
chapter seventeen violet stared at the big , dominating house in front of her .
someone like violet would be nervous around a man as domineering as sean .
feeling nervous as she knew it was because of her , violet was tempted to turn and walk away .
instead , violet sipped her tea and prayed the woman would say what she needed to say and leave .
` ` violet had a visitor today . ''
turning back to face him , violet felt the pulse of her blood beating in her veins .
violet opened her lips as he pushed the large strawberry between her lips .
getting in his car , he phoned violet to tell her he would n't be home until late and travelled across the city to get to the club , which lay at the far side surrounded by forestry and cut off from everyone else .
` ` what do you know about violet moore ? ''
` ` violet , your mother has a record .
* * * * violet ran with the hope of escaping her past .
i love you , violet .
elroy had never been one of those shrinking violets who kept his wealth a secret .
so , violet began again , what are you guys thinking of naming the baby ?
he saw all , from the dark african violets more than fifty feet away behind him that grew in abundance round the white building that had come under viktors attack , to the colorful , very venomous red and yellow coral snake nest that lay hidden beneath some loose rocks a mile in front of him .
he opened the door to a lovely room with pale violet paint and african violets on the chest of drawers .
then she tried to buy a bunch of violets from a young girl on the street and was told by harding that the girl was nt really selling flowersbut her body .
tess dressed her sister in shimmering gowns , laced her round and round with diamonds and pearls , and piled bouquets of jasmine and violets and roses in her lap , pledges from her many adoring swains .
i was not a man prone to nervousness but on the day of violets arrival all kinds of anxieties were making a mockery of me .
yet in all this , my violets sight was worth a million skies , suns and lights .
the air was warm and heavy with wood smoke and violets .
her soft , silky hair touched the side of his face and he could smell the sweet scent of violets in it .
she had freshened up and was now in a dress the color of wild violets .
i added snapdragons , columbines , butterfly plants , daisies , lilies , violets , carnations and three different types of roses to my cart .
debating whether he should go up , he swung a glance over his shoulder and spotted elizabeth at the portiere , pretty in dark blue , a posy of violets pinned at her waist , her bright hair braided with velvet ribbon .
chapter eight the next morning , i woke to fresh , crisp violets in front of my door .
did you leave those violets for me ?
you think i would leave those violets for ellie ?
greta pointed to the purple violets and tulips blooming .
october 7 roses are red , violets are blue , sometimes my poetry stinks like the inside of a large , sweaty , princess pink glitter , male pro - wrestlers shoe .
you did not just violets mouth fell open in disbelief , and the rest of her protest melted into the tucson heat .
i screamed and fell backward , stumbling over my own wedge - heeled sandals and violets suitcase , and my elbow smacked the curb .
he pulled violets suitcase onto the sidewalk as if it weighed nothing , muscles shifting beneath his shirt , bunching at his shoulders , bulging beneath his sleeves .
before i could argue again , he lifted violets suitcase and gestured for me to precede him on the sidewalk .
i said , rolling violets broken suitcase across the marble floor .
the effect was a much more casual and approachable counselor than violet was likely to find at rehab , obviously confirmation from the universe that i d picked the right therapy group .
toward earning violets friendship .
i spent some on violets rehab , and i was going to give the rest to a good cause , but getting you out of jail is a good cause .
i purchased a bouquet of violets , and hopped on my bike , intent on going to the cemetery .
technically , as candices maid of honor , ellie was responsible for holding the dresss train , while the rest of us , who held bouquets of purple violets , were supposed to look pretty and smile .
other books by kate whitsby violets mail order husband mail order marion ( chapman mail order brides : book1 ) christmas mail order bride mail order josephine mail order bride romance box set western mail order brides box set connect with kate whitsby favorite me on smashwords : click here sign up to my mailing list click here welcome to dunvegas an anthology of paranormal romance and hijinks this book is a work of fiction .
as he turned to carry her through the house and upstairs , he noticed that she smelled like violets .
i never had any hot girlfriends or sports cars to speak of , and since my mom never did maintain a personal myriad of plants , i usually ended up out in a field somewhere , penning verse about violets .
the only person that ever sent flowers to miss duffy was her sister , and she was more of a potted violet sort of person .
a few tendrils escaped the chignon at her nape and a whiff of violets tickled his nostrils .
the scent of flowers , violets he guessed , hung in the air .
the first page was a sheer piece of crinkled tissue , inset with dried violets .
she would have preferred african violets any day of the week over cacti !
he stood for twenty minutes in the bedding aisle at target , trying to choose a manly sheet set , then picked the ones with a violet pattern , because he liked violets and who else was ever going to see his sheets , anyway ?
she recommends violets , but of course , it 's up to you . ''
` ` what about violets ? ''
` ` it was violets , right ? ''
suddenly damien heard the crack of a door opening , and the smell of violets grew stronger .
seeing no other choice , cal walked into his great - grandmother 's lovely living room where african violets bloomed in purple profusion in the windows , where built - in shelves fox 's father had crafted were filled with books , family pictures , little bits and bobs of memories .
someone had inscribed these words with what looked to luce like a blue bic pen : roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet , and so are you .
roses are red , violets are blue , if daniel did n't write these words , then who ?
daisies , sunflowers , orchids , hyacinth , baby 's breath , princess lilies , violets and frangipanis .
the scent of violets , mingled with oil paint , wafted about her .
the smell of oil paint and chalk and the sweet lingering scent of violets , the fragrance the duchess always wore , greeted him .
the drumbeat low in her belly had yet to be silenced and she fancied she caught a whiff of muskiness mixing with the scent of violets swirling about her person .
the faint scent of violets still lingered in the air .
he knew because of the smell of violets .
renee dropped the sugared violet she 'd been carefully placing on a petit four .
renee chuckled and used the tweezers to gently anchor more violets in the icing .
` ` violet is too old for bill , '' pat said .
i wrapped my arms around her shoulders and smelled violets in her hair .
he wandered slowly around the room , fingering the ornaments : a meissen figurine of a woman , a dove perched on her hand , taking a comfit from her lips ; a longcase clock with three dials , showing the time , the barometric pressure , and the phase of the moon ; a tobacco humidor made of a dark , unfamiliar kind of wood that he thought might be african ; a footed silver bowl full of sugared violets , jumbled and broken among a handful of ginger - nut biscuits ; a vicious - looking club with a peculiar knob at the end ; a curious piece of something ...
siverly stumbled back , hit a small table , and sent it flying in a shower of sugared violets , its collection of small ornaments bouncing and ringing off the floor .
she was no shrinking violet .
` ` i took her violets , '' he said , so softly i almost did n't hear him .
` ` mrs . randall 's made some lovely bits out of mallow blossoms , and violets , same as you could put in a frame and hang on the wall , like . ''
last time i walked such a path , the ground was littered with sandwich wrappers and cigarette butts instead of mallow blossoms and violets .
sandwich wrappers seemed a reasonable enough price to pay , i supposed , for such blessings of civilization as antibiotics and telephones , but just for the moment , i was willing to settle for the violets .
the sweet summer breeze wafted along the uncut grass , making the delicate petals of the flowering dogwood dance with the violets .
they were n't shrinking violets for women .
someone put something into the tub that smelled like violets , but i did n't pay much attention .
tulips and daffodils , peonies and violets , would explode in colors so bright they almost made katie 's eyesache .
` ` i 'd picked some flowers for her in the afternoon - violets .
she loved violets . ''
so much so that a few of the petals floated to the ground , marking a stark contrast between the dead , brown grass and the vibrant purple of the violets .
she 'd loved anything purple , but violets were her favorite and they 'd grown wild in their yard .
lyric knelt and carefully arranged the violets in a decorative pattern .
the violets she 'd remembered growing wild were scattered among the growth of weeds , little bursts of color against the grass still dead from winter .
' t is no time to play the shrinking violet , unless you wish to be a wallflower .
` ` you used to bring me dandelions , and the wild butter - cups and violets that colored the little hill near our house in the summer . ''
the african violets were definitely from livvy and sal .
roses are red , violets are blue , went to lunch with the girls , but i 'll come back and blow you .
it reminds me of a patch of violets after a summer rain .
marie had advised the fashion - challenged violet on every aspect of her authorial self .
each was an amalgam of men violet had modeled after the clients and patrons of her former places of employment .
did violet really have sex with sebastian on the roller coaster at knott 's berry farm ?
but the young woman was staring at the dark - haired man in openmouthed silence , evidently even more overwhelmed by him than violet .
so violet turned back to her , ah , reader , still not sure what to say .
after speaking with her editor this morning , violet had deliberately decided to come just after lunchtime , hoping to catch the man sated and slowed with a full belly and before he got too tied up for the rest of his day .
there was no way violet was going to tell this woman she was here because gavin mason suspected her of being a call girl who 'd written about him in a memoir that was really a novel .
thinking she must have approached the wrong door , violet straightened and began to take a step in retreat .
ava 's question returned violet well and truly to the present , reminding her of the matter at hand .
it should have been a writer 's dream come true , all that publicity for her novel , but every time violet spoke with an interviewer , it became clear that the person assumed the novel she 'd created out of her imagination was actually a not - so - fictionalized account of her own experiences working as a high - priced , high - society call girl .
by friday night , all violet wanted to do was hole up in her apartment with a bunch of old movies .
but the building did n't allow animals of any kind - not even fish - so , like always , violet had to be her own best friend .
` ` the event tonight is a very big deal , not just because- '' he halted abruptly , looking violet up and down , from her head to her toes .
lowering his head to her ear , he said , very softly , ` ` do n't flinch when i touch you , violet .
violet had just enough time to look outside and see that it was as beautifully landscaped as the wallpaper gardens were , lit by torchieres and candles , since some of the partygoers had spilled out there to chat and smoke .
how had violet ever managed to support herself , let alone have enough fodder for a memoir , if she could n't even dance ?
as violet kissed him , she pushed at his trousers , and he helped her shed them , along with his boxers , even though she still wore her panties .
then he was turning their bodies again , until violet lay on her back at the center of the bed , his hands going immediately to her panties .
when gavin drove himself deeper still , violet cried out and instinctively pushed her bottom against him .
he knew better than violet did what it was like to come from poverty and need .
wisely , neither did violet .
main salon , violet echoed to herself .
but he did n't get far , because violet had planted her feet too firmly in place , and he ricocheted back toward her .
only the cream of society had the cachet to eat there , something he 'd made sure violet discovered via their waiter by calling ahead and promising an exorbitant tip .
and he knew there was nothing about violet 's , ah , metabolism that could be even marginally compared to slow .
the kind of private club it cost more to join than violet had made in a year at any of her previous jobs .
faux pas number two , violet thought .
hastily , violet returned her attention to her champagne , enjoying a healthy quaff .
i promise you , violet , no one like him will ever bother you again .
epilogue violet nestled more deeply into her pillow , savoring the softness of the vanilla - scented sheets and the thrum of a purr near her ear .
it was a chorus to which violet awoke every morning , and to her , it was the most beautiful symphony in the world .
the same had held true for violet , once it became more obvious to the public at large that she was n't raven french , or roxanne , or anyone else fictional .