the lace is a pale violet , and not overtly sexy - it 's anthropologie , not victoria 's secret , after all .
she 's no shrinking violet .
the entire dating space was bathed in a violet glow , and was even darker than the rest of the club .
maybe it was the violet lights reflecting in his eyes , giving them a brilliant , cold blue hue , but the way he looked at me , his gaze seemed to penetrate every layer of my soul .
and she was distracting , with unreadable eyes of an intriguing color , a cross between hazel and violet .
the sky was turning a pale violet behind him , but his eyes were clear and he still had my palm pressed to his cheek .
reluctantly removing his hand from beneath her shirt , he broke the kiss to stare into her wide violet eyes .
when she opened her eyes to gaze up at him , the desire in the violet depths robbed him of breath .
` ` you 're cheeks turn a becoming shade of pink , you 're eyes are a soft , sweet violet , the exact opposite of what you are feeling inside , eh cara ? ''
his hair was an interesting shade of black , one that gleamed violet under the light .
then he heard brennen shout in the background , ` ` oh , come on , violet .
` ` brennen , if i ' ve told you once , i ' ve told you a thousand times : leave violet alone .
` ` i was pretending it was you , '' came violet 's saccharine reply .
her complete attention was on the ocean , as the sky faded from pale blue to gold and orange , then violet and indigo .
summer stared up into violet colored eyes , hating the woman who 'd abandoned her and her little sisters .
he did n't notice the wash of brilliant reds and violets as sunset painted a mural across the sky .
she was trying on a slinky violet pantsuit in the liz davenport boutique , admiring the cut and line of it in the wall mirror , when olivia powell walked in with another woman , both of them dressed in high - fashion gear .
sacha detached herself from a group of people , trailing eagerly after her , very much the colourful butterfly in a bright orange silk pantsuit with a long split jacket in shades of violet , blue and turquoise and printed with orange and red flowers .
the skirt seemed to be a concoction of chiffon scarves with colours ranging from deep violet , through many shades of blue to turquoise .
her ponytailed partner swept her to a table where another guy had just left a woman with wildly purple hair - definitely not a shrinking violet , wearing a black midriff top and skintight hot - pink pants .
her mother , dressed in a very elegant deep violet outfit to blend with the bridal party , made a brisk entrance .
silvery beaded mauve lace barely cupped her breasts , the low decolletage caught together by swathes of mauve chiffon , hugging her small waist and tied tightly with long silver tassels that swayed over a long skirt of rows of lace and seductive frills , graduating in shades of mauve to smoky grey and deep violet .
stars were appearing in the violet sky .
floating between the provocative peaks was an embroidered butterfly - its wings a neon glow of violet and red and green .
wednesday she gave the tight navy skirt with the slit up the back a second wearing , but this time topped with a snug cropped jacket in vibrant violet , an unbelievably stunning combination with the red hair .
your father has paid off keith 's business debts , and we can now afford to send violet 's boy to a special school for autistic children . '
it did alleviate a little of her inner stress when he showed a particular interest in joshua , violet 's autistic son .
mum and violet and my sisters - in - law will be in the kitchen preparing lunch . '
' he is a bit much , though , ' violet commented with a worried look .
' but the more i ' ve come to know him , the more i like him , violet .
they were all used to this kind of sudden eruption from him , but violet was upset and embarrassed that it was happening in front of ethan , breaking into tears and throwing them a helpless look of despair at her inability to control her autistic son .
' i ' m sorry ... sorry , ' violet cried , covering her face with her hands .
' would you mind if i tried something that might interest joshua , violet , calm him down ? '
' go on , violet .
' if you ' ve scoffed all the ones with caramel fillings , ken , i 'll scalp you , ' violet threatened , quickly coming to look .
it fitted with violet 's distressed cry about spoiling her day .
the sky behind him was a pale violet and studded with dark clouds .
grinning wolfishly , he surveyed her grecian gown , purple mantle , and the violets and buttercups twined in her glossy hair .
` ` i see , '' julianna said , her violet eyes too wise for her age , too knowing .
she stopped in the act of putting napkins next to plates and raised eyes the color and softness of blue violets to his .
and so she had leaned toward the violet and earnestly told it .
she 'd been wiping at something on the neckline of that ethereal violet dress .
a huge bed spread in dark satin that she was sure was violet was at the far end by the western windows .
he roared , ran the last steps , flipped her over onto the bed , watched her bounce on the dark violet sheets , a goddess of sensual decadence and dementia , bidding him come lose his mind .
her violet eyes turned purple with the enormity of emotion igniting them , the silvery tears magnifying their beauty , reflecting shards of pure , agonizing ecstasy into his soul .
he remembered now , she 'd never been a shrinking violet , had never been scared to tell him exactly what she thought .
` ` violet , '' i said .
i wondered if the lack of outstanding ( with the exception of violet ) candidates had anything to do with the company 's current negative press .
i liked her , but there was something about violet cooper .
it was n't unanimous in violet 's favor , but she was chosen by a narrow margin .
i also knew that he did n't call me down here to talk about violet .
i got to work a few minutes early the next day , partially because i was hoping to get a glimpse of violet and maybe say hello before she got carted off for orientation .
` ` rory , have you met violet yet ? ''
` ` miss clarke , you dropped your phone- '' he abruptly cut off and stared at violet .
neither of them answered for a second and then violet started to laugh .
` ` uh , ror - miss clarke , violet and i went to high school together .
then mrs . andrews cleared her throat and the spell over lucah and violet shattered and they came back from wherever they 'd been .
she hustled violet down the stairs and i was left with a still - stunned lucah .
i hoped violet said something to mrs . andrews so i could go and talk to mrs . andrews about it later and try to piece this together .
` ` from violet ? ''
and then my glee was brought to a screeching halt as i nearly crashed right into violet .
until i ran into violet .
i had a feeling i knew who it was , and my feeling was confirmed when i turned around and violet was standing there , looking as if she very much needed to get something off her tight and perky chest .
` ` violet , hi .
i waited in my office for the fateful meeting with violet .
when violet finally came and knocked on my door , i almost wanted to hug her in relief .
i saw lilia 's puzzled face staring at us until the door finally shut and i was sealed in my office with violet .
` ` i just , um , i just had a chat with violet .
and i ' m shocked that you were worried about violet .
and then i got an email from violet , asking me if i wanted to have lunch with her .
time before the lunch date sort of flew by and then it was time to meet violet .
` ` violet , hi . ''
had lunch with violet .
i did n't point out that violet and i were both women , because she was my mother and i would always be her little girl .
dad had been silent about violet , which i found odd , until i realized that mrs . andrews must have told him something .
we were interrupted by violet walking by .
` ` hi , violet , '' i said , to show her that this did n't have to be awkward , even though it probably would be .
` ` violet , '' he said , nodding his head .
i should n't have been so weird about violet .
except i had , when violet had first showed up .
i turned my attention away from violet and back on the meeting , but the next thing on the agenda was lucah 's presentation .
we did n't talk about the weirdness with violet .
your father asked to see you when you have a chance , and violet left this for you . ''
it took a few more minutes to get myself back together again and i realized i still had to go see violet .
` ` hi , violet . ''
i left violet 's office and went back to mine not knowing how i felt .
` ` oh , hi violet . ''
20 i did n't tell lucah about violet wanting to have lunch again .
` ` because it 's about violet and i do n't want you to think i am being paranoid or jealous . ''
` ` what about violet ? ''
` ` violet ?
and then an email from violet popped up my inbox , asking when we could have our lunch date .
i tried to throw myself back into the precious bubble from this morning with lucah , but violet 's damn face kept invading .
i ' m having lunch with violet . ''
` ` oh , and i ' m very interested to see how things go with violet .
` ` this is nice , '' violet said , looking around the restaurant .
i smiled and thanked him and violet did the same , but after he left , the silence descended upon us again .
` ` please say something , '' violet said after i 'd taken two bites of my salad .
` ` i pledge allegiance , to the golf ball ... ` ` for the first time since i 'd met her , i lost myself in laughter with violet .
being with violet was like regressing to being a teenager again .
i decided not to tell lilia about what violet had revealed to me regarding the spying and so forth .
it seemed like a violation of violet 's trust , and i did n't think she 'd want me to tell anyone , even my assistant .
` ` i just had lunch with violet and she told me something you need to know . ''
` ` well , i think i have her on my side now , so we do n't have to worry about violet .
i thought about calling lucah and telling him about everything with violet , but i decided to wait and tell him after work .
` ` so violet and i had lunch today , '' i said as we hopped into a cab to avoid walking to the t station in the rain that threatened to fall from the sky at any moment .
about the board asking violet to spy for them . ''
he was at least behind the attempted bribery of violet .
thank goodness violet had n't given him anything .
it 's work , and worrying about dad , and hoping that ryder does n't go down the deep end again , and wondering what 's happening with him and sloane , and everything with violet .
` ` well , we should probably go in , '' violet said , motioning to the room .
` ` that was interesting , '' violet said as she walked by me .
i had to talk to someone , and lilia and violet seemed like the only ones , apart from lucah , i could talk to .
` ` great idea , '' violet said and we quickly exited and went to my office where i shut , and then locked , the door .
lilia leaned against the table with the water pitcher and glasses on it , and violet took the seat across from me .
but when i looked at lilia and violet , i decided that these were two of the people i could .
` ` batshit crazy , '' violet said , shaking her head .
ethan had his violet striped vest and a deep purple lily on his jacket .
i kept the jacket buttoned , because underneath i wore nothing but a violet bralette .
francesca sat next to the computer artist , a woman named violet , at a desk , both of them peering at the screen of violet 's laptop as the man 's face took shape from francesca 's description .
francesca sat next to the computer artist , a woman named violet , at a desk , both of them peering at the screen of violet 's laptop as the man 's face took shape from francesca 's description .
he 'd been sitting in an armchair and perusing the business section of a french newspaper while francesca worked with violet .
` ` both of you , '' he added , giving violet a pointed glance .
when francesca stood , but violet just stared at him in amazement , lucien added , ` ` now . ''
nevertheless , she mechanically followed violet down the stairs , lucien bringing up the rear , her calm actions belying a mind buzzing with fear .
* * * officer inez had francesca , violet , lucien , and the rest of the staff gathered in the dining room while they waited to hear if the house had been secured from the threat .
all three women had gorgeous bodies - much nicer than any of us who danced with our clothes on - and one in particular , simone , had the most beautiful violet colored eyes .
as the colors faded , the buildings began to light from within and the skyline sparkled against the inky violet dusk .
in the tiny mirror i saw a quarter - sized violet bruise where james 's hand had grazed .
only the moon lit the room , casting a violet glow on the ruffled sheets beneath me .
you are n't a little girl or a shrinking violet ; you are a woman going after what she wants .
i ' m not exactly a shrinking violet . ''
he frowned at the way her violet blue eyes seemed to exude innocence and he disliked the strange feeling it caused inside him .
andreas glanced once again into the deep violet of her eyes .
the rising moon had turned the sky and sea blood red , streaked with wisps of violet , indigo , and orange , which were reflected with eye - watering effect in the mirrorlike water .
furie 's violet gaze was filled with madness - but also blankness .
the sky was a dazzling violet .
her eyes are this rich , grinding violet , flecked with metallic red .
before she could knock , the door opened , revealing isabelle standing on the threshold , barefoot in a pair of jeans and a soft violet sweater .
here the light fell in swatches of pure violet across the golden stonework of the city , and the witchlight lamps cast circular pools of white light so bright clary expected to feel heat when she walked through them .
darting colored spotlights picked out the blissed - out faces of dancers in the churning crowd , lighting them up one at a time : hot pink , neon green , burning violet .
a pair of white wings - not quite white , really , but an amalgamation of colors that shifted and flickered as she looked at it : pale silver , streaks of violet , dark blue , each feather outlined in gold .
i shook off my clothes , wincing not just from the pain but from the sight of the blue and light violet splotches covering my shoulders and chest .
they were dressed as finely as i , the girls in matching dresses but different colors - amelie in crimson and fiona in violet to compliment her sparkling purple - tinged eyes .
i landed on a picture of fiona and bishop , sitting on a bench , fiona 's beautiful violet eyes playfully taunting the camera .
the crisp white costume of the elvis impersonator who married us ca n't eclipse the wide beam on my face as i stand tucked into jared 's side , my flirty violet dress complementing the color of my hair .
i ' ve never met anyone with violet irises .
they 're all violet .
` ` you 're a lot of things , charlie rourke , but forgettable is not one of them , violet irises or not . ''
my hand falters on the first page - a candid color photo of charlie coming out of the gym , her hair pulled back in a ponytail , her face clear of makeup , her eyes shining like a meadow of violets in the sunlight .
her eyes were bluish violet .
and he had loved all that , those brownish reds and olive greens and steel grays , but here one had to think of another word for the ashen twilight and the deep green gloom , the shades of darkness that hovered about the violet house with its bright painted shutters .
she wore a kind of smoky violet lipstick , to die for .
the sky was michael 's violet .
surely they saw the tall man in the outrageous violet silk take the chair opposite the smallest man in the place , a chunky little fellow in heavy clothes , but they saw it out of the corner of the eye , or with a movement of the neck swift enough to injure the spinal cord , and they did not miss a beat of their own conversations .
but to be discovered now would be so tragic , when the evening is descending in this raiment of violet , and the flowers glow in their beds , and once again the cicadas sing .
and the dark car sped out of the multishaded gloom , leaving behind the somber corner and its regal house , the great leafy branches holding darkness like ripe fruit beneath the violet sky , the car a projectile destined for the green heart of the world , carrying them inside it , the two , male and female , together .
` ` she must be the sultana , '' beauty thought , and she felt a tightening in her throat to see the violet eyes focused so sharply on her .
and the earrings the woman wore -- two immense oval ornaments heavily carved with violet enamel in relief -- how lovely .
she wore violet silk , violet like her eyes , and her high gold - plated girdle was like a piece of armor encasing her narrow waist .
beauty was stunned by inanna 's loveliness , the deep violet of her eyes flaming now on account of her violet garments , the tight thick bodice perfectly revealing the outlines of her ni**les .
beauty was stunned by inanna 's loveliness , the deep violet of her eyes flaming now on account of her violet garments , the tight thick bodice perfectly revealing the outlines of her ni**les .
then he chose a dark violet gown for her , a color that was only worn by princesses .
she wore a dress of brilliant violet silk , already spattered here and there with splotches of rain , and matching violet gloves .
she wore a dress of brilliant violet silk , already spattered here and there with splotches of rain , and matching violet gloves .
her eyes were a deep violet , while her ears were the ears of a cat , perhaps , gently curved , and dusted with a fine , dark fur .
` ` now , get along with you , '' she said softly , and looked at him , half regretfully , with eyes as violet as the cirrus clouds , high in the dawn sky .
the kitchen fire fizzed in silver and glimmered green and violet .
easy ... '' she gazed up at him with eyes wavering between silver and the intense violet he recognized .
nandiuml ; x 's eyes were also uncanny , but their golden color was breathtaking , while holly 's violet was merely odd .
she shook her head hard , eyes wide and flickering from violet to silver .
shimmering violet lights danced against the black sky .
above her the stars were feverish , the northern lights glimmering from violet to red and punctuated by her growing lightning .
she smelled like violet sunshine , and the gold pin holding her robe shut sparkled .
it had a violet stone above the grip that matched the one around her neck .
swiftly , barnabas stepped forward and swung his weapon against hers in a rasping spin , violet and orange streaks of light marking their paths .
she 's been a dark reaper for a long time to have a stone so deep a shade of violet .
it was easier now , and with a finger of thought , i touched the new violet web that had formed and made it shrivel and fall away .
the gem on her drawn blade glinted a rich , violet hue , matching the amulet around her neck .
kairos looked at his unmarked middle , blinking when he brought his gaze up , fixing first on the violet stone , then her eyes .
her face was deathly pale , and she barely breathed as the pixies , in shades of brown and violet , hovered over her , their dust coating her in a sheet of red , savage as they hooted and brandished their weapons .
her eyes were the palest violet , edged by lashes the same brown - and - gold mix as her hair .
her eyes narrowed , long lashes fusing together and hiding the violet depths he so often saw in his nightmares .
red , blue , green , yellow , cyan , magenta and violet .
that violet gaze shifted from one to the other , pupils expanding .
and up close like this , she could see the flecks of emerald mixed with the violet of his irises .
as his denial echoed between them , his violet irises once again glowed .
his violet gaze remained locked on her , his lids at half - mast , his lips soft and ... ready ?
his gaze cut at her , the violet hard as an amethyst .
the violet of his eyes snared her .
his chin lifted , his violet eyes blazed .
as he spoke , his voice tightened , and understanding crystalized in his eyes , lightening the violet to a rich lavender .
now that violet gaze roved over her , leaving heat , so much heat , in its wake .
lilla 's smile lost some of its arrogance , and something dark flickered in the depths of her eyes , turning the violet to deep purple .
they were faultless ovals , a rich , deep violet framed by long , sooty lashes .
i pictured his eyes , knew they were the palest violet , almost crystalline , with a thin veneer of calm , like nitroglycerin just before detonation .
his violet gaze pierced me with purposeful intent .
his eyes were a lighter shade of violet than ever before , and they swirled with a life all their own .
when claudia rejoined me ten minutes later , she wore a shiny violet sequined dress that hugged her body .
blue , red , violet , green , amber .
his violet eyes - eyes the exact color dallas 's had changed to - glowed .
the warrior 's gaze softened , turning the violet to a gentle blue .
his violet gaze took in their rumpled clothes , her swollen lips and quickly rising chest .
red bled into his pupils , into the violet irises , the whites .
an arcadian with long white hair , eyes of the most brilliant violet , and the face of god 's favorite angel .
he possessed hair the most luscious shade of indigo , pale skin and eyes of the purest violet .
that violet gaze remained on noelle , probably memorizing every luscious detail .
her dress glimmered against her body like violets trapped in sunlight , one creamy shoulder left bare .
clear liquid swirled inside , thicker than the water of life , with violet beads glittering throughout .
then the something raced past a ray of moonlight and she caught a glimpse of black hair and radiant violet eyes .
savage , the look in his violet eyes said .
was that ... desire flickering in his icy violet irises , completely obliterating that must - kill glaze ?
his eyes were the same shade of violet as maddox 's , but they lacked any hint of warmth or emotion .
despite her insistence , ashlyn could n't yet work up the courage to tear her attention from his intense violet gaze .
his eyes were black , the violet gone as if it had never been .
she asked , biting her bottom lip as violet began to reclaim his eyes , trickling from his pupils to overshadow the black .
black covered violet , then red covered black , glowing ominously .
his eyes were bright violet now .
their gazes locked and his eyes blazed with violet fire .
there was intent desire in maddox 's eyes , a violet fire as fierce as it was hot .
he forced his attention to the left - do not think about anya - and marveled at the newest sight : emerald mountains laced with white and violet .
now violet and amber glowed on the horizon , glinting off the azure water .
in the center of the living room , there was a low wooden table piled high with food , and she eased onto one of the violet pillows in front of it .
her blue hair was falling around her shoulders , and worry was etched in the violet depths of her eyes .
remember also that our enemies tend to die , slowly and painfully ... . -dean stefano maddox ( budapest contingent ) demon : violence height : 6'4 '' hair : black eyes : violet ( note : eyes glow red when angry ) butterfly tattoo : upper left shoulder , wrapping around to his back other distinguishing marks : demon 's skeletal face becomes visible through subject 's skin when subject is angered .
aeron ( budapest contingent ) demon : wrath height : 6'6 '' hair : military - cropped , brown eyes : violet butterfly tattoo : middle of back other distinguishing marks : a pair of black gossamer wings hidden by slits in his back when not in use .
she had hair as dark as a raven 's wing , a face so delicate it almost hurt to gaze upon , and eyes so deep a violet that looking into them was like peering into a never ending abyss .
thick , silver hair glinted as a violet strobe passed overhead .
a violet butterfly tattoo wrapped around his right rib cage and dipped into the waist of his pants .
he was tall and mouthwateringly muscled , with the most amazing violet eyes fringed by long black lashes .
his pupils dilated , gobbling up every bit of that lovely violet .
aeron 's pupils finally retracted , the violet irises once more visible - and drowning her in their irresistible depths .
when their eyes met , his pupils were once again dilated , black overshadowing violet .
he tilted his head until their gazes locked together , his violet irises wild .
they would n't be born with all those tattoos , of course , and that was a shame , but they might have his beautiful violet eyes , and even his wings .
his eyes glowed that bright violet , his tattoos stark , and the pulse in his neck hammered wildly .
his pupils practically exploded , the violet irises completely obscured .
surprise began to swirl in those lovely violet irises , chasing away his fury .
their gazes met , his violet irises wild .
there was a glistening , violet chandelier over the bed , the lights shaped like bundles of grapes .
night birds were chirping , the scent of wildflowers saturated the air and gideon was gloriously bathed in that violet - tinted light .
the warrior 's narrowing violet eyes landed on amun .
that violet gaze shifted , perusing their surroundings .
there was no waning sunlight , no violet sky , only a thick blanket of dark , heavy clouds .
lavender eyes darkened to a deep violet .
a second later , her wings burst from her back , clouds of midnight tipped with violet .
a clear vial filled with glittering violet liquid followed the same path as the rose .
a field of ambrosia stretched for miles , scenting the air oh , so sweetly , the violet petals glistening under the gleam of a sun that offered the perfect amount of light and heat .
he had a cap of black hair and his eyes were the same shade of violet as his daddy 's and diamond - hard .
the kid had a full head of black hair , and his eyes were the same shade of violet as his father's - though they were far more serious and too intelligent for a newborn .
they wore fitted violet overcoats , and had several medals pinned along their shoulders .
skin shaded to the color of sapphires ... violets ... eyes bugging out ... lips opening and closing ... then the man 's spine snapped , and his head lolled to the side .
his pupils expanded until black overshadowed violet .
his brother 's violet gaze dropped to his boots .
rose hopped up , quickly bathed , and dressed in a violet gown to match his eyes .
he had silvery - blond hair and silver eyes with a hint of violet that actually sparked with the electricity he contained inside himself , allowing him to shift into nothing but energy particles .
a vase of pink , violet and azure orchids waited beside my door , an emerald bow circling the amber glass .
i 'd taken a shower and dyed my hair black with the temporary color rome had left behind , and inserted the violet contacts into my eyes .
now , the sun was setting on the horizon , low and hazy and violet .
he and i get in the far back , george and a woman named ann get in the middle , and two older security officers named jack and violet get in the front .
by the time we get back to the truck , jack and violet are setting up a surveillance camera that was n't stolen by people in the fringe .
` ` luckily , that 's the last set of coordinates , '' violet says .
her blouse was a sheer pattern of cobalt and violet with a thin - strapped halter beneath .
beneath the glass , lights faded on and off , making the floor glow in sensuous blues and violets , but the women dancing on the stage needed no enhancements .
i have english with vlad and violet , and french with marisabel .
` ` psst , violet . ''
i wait until ms . walpole turns to write the five steps to a good thesis statement on the board and then tap violet 's shoulder .
i am about to tell them to mind their own business when violet 's fingers clamp around my wrist .
he asks violet .
` ` violet .
she 'll understand when violet shows up looking like she just rolled around in her great - grandmother 's suitcase .
chapter five the next morning i wait for violet at her locker .
` ` violet , '' i start , but she rambles over me , growing more and more distressed .
so james is violet 's mystery boy .
` ` violet , i told you .
` ` violet , '' i say softly , ` ` james and i were n't - ` ` ` ` stop it , '' she hisses .
but instead of launching herself at me , violet suddenly puts a hand to her forehead and starts to sway .
` ` violet , get up .
when ms . kate crouches down to look at violet , james stands up and comes back toward me .
` ` but violet - ` ` ` ` is fine .
when i ' m not trying to figure out what james is caught up in , i ' m watching the door for violet .
says a tremulous voice that i recognize as violet 's .
` ` i am sorry that i left the door open , '' violet continues , ` ` but it has been such a horrific day and i would very much like to go home . ''
neville does nothing but attach himself to any organization that will have him , and violet ... yesterday violet asked if i wanted to participate in a ' quiz ' that will tell me what my ' best fall look ' is , '' he says .
when i get home there 's a small violet envelope resting at the foot of the front door .
because violet is right - i am a horrible friend who will not only lead you to your doom in the forest , but will also unwittingly hold hands with your ex - boyfriend .
i ' m saying that i ' ve been english buddies with violet this past week , and she 's said a few things that are finally starting to make sense .
i turned and ran for the door , but then there was violet , standing with her arms twined around the pole of the porch and smiling .
` ` anyway , '' he says , ` ` violet grabbed my arm and said that she was glad to meet me . ''
nothing at violet 's was the same .
one night violet asked me if i wanted it all to last forever .
` ` what about violet ?
` ` violet does n't use her powers very often .
i left my stash at home , '' i say , trying to play it cool but still keeping my eye on violet .
` ` ' stash ' is ' un cache , ' '' violet corrects , and then pats the seat beside her .
the rush of my relief is quickly replaced by a new worry : if history has taught us anything , it 's that falling into violet 's lovesick clutches means that there will soon be another teenage vampire running around my high school .
or at least i try to part ways ; while calvin and regina argue in the opposite direction , violet glues herself to my side , chattering on about an article on getting over a bad breakup that she read ( ` ` supremely helpful , even if i could n't partake of the sugar - free ice cream . '' )
i look at violet , wondering if this was pre- or post - vampire .
` ` violet , james is not - , '' i begin before the sight of what 's waiting for me at the end of the hallway stops me in my tracks .
i ' m so dazzled by the red , white , and blue that i do n't realize violet has trotted after me until it is too late .
beside me , violet emits a tiny snort .
marisabel stands beside him , trying so hard to look innocent that she might as well stick her head up in the air and whistle , and violet continues to study the five food groups display so james will see that she has moved on to better things , apparently fruits and vegetables .
marisabel has either been absent or too close to vlad , and violet seems to have taken a vow of silence ; every time i try to speak to her in english , she just presses her lips together and whispers , ` ` c'est une secrete . ''
dear god , i think as i wiggle it out and tear it open , do not let this be another one of violet 's quizzes .
you are cordially invited to our fall ` ` luau '' this friday , october 1st.who : vlad , marisabel , violet , neville , devon , and ashleywhere:235 preston dr . ( map included ) when:9:00 p.m.what : an end - of - summer pool party .
i open my mouth to tell him that it 's not important when i spot violet charging toward us angrily .
chapter thirteen violet 's eyes adjust to the gloom far quicker than mine , or at least i assume so because she 's running down the hallway while i ' m still clutching at the wall .
it strikes me that i have n't come across any beds , and i do n't find any in the fourth and fifth rooms either , although clothing hangs in the closets : velvet for violet , knee - length skirts for marisabel , and a row of white shirts for neville .
i start to push the door closed , thinking that i would have learned more hiding in the cupboard with violet , when a bulge in the back pocket of the outermost pair catches my eye .
you 're worse than violet . ''
just as violet 's blond head appears behind his shoulder .
i let them walk in front of me , head still pounding with new information until the way violet loops her arm through neal 's and he bends down to whisper something in her ear makes me think this might not be a problem that can be moved to the back burner .
when we get to the bottom of the stairs i grab violet 's free arm .
` ` i need to talk to violet for a second , '' i tell neal .
` ` but - ` ` ` ` we 'll find you , '' i say and pull violet into the next room : the kitchen .
` ` there 's nothing in there , you know , '' violet says from behind me .
` ` violet , about neal - ` ` ` ` i am aware that he is a little strange , '' she interrupts , ` ` but i firmly believe i can get him to stop carrying that rodent around in his pocket . ''
at this point i am just treading water , but violet seems to be considering it .
` ` perhaps , '' violet says , trying to be arch and coy , but i can tell that for now , at least , i ' ve managed to save holland with my thumb .
but then violet flounces over to stand by my side , pulling up her toga when it threatens to slide off her shoulders .
` ` let 's take it one day at a ti - , '' i begin , but stop when violet 's fingers dig into my shoulders .
this better save me from certain death ; otherwise i ' m stuffing violet in the oven as payback .
i peer through the gaps just in time to see james enter the kitchen from the other door and tap violet on the shoulder .
` ` violet , what did you do ? ''
i swing my questioning gaze to violet , who stands at the front of the crowd .
` ` well , there are quite a few freckles on your back , '' violet says as though breaking bad news , ` ` but i think vlad is overreacting .
` ` it is true , '' violet says solemnly .
` ` even if you survive this , which is highly doubtful , you will have to - violet , please get out of the way , i am trying to threaten him . ''
what must have happened to give vlad the opportunity to prowl through violet 's belongings ?
i ask just as i spot violet in the room behind , dwarfed by an oversized t - shirt and gray sweatpants that are rolled up at the cuffs to expose their fuzzy underbelly .
` ` you did n't tell me you were having a slumber party , '' i say , but violet bounces over before he can respond .
` ` vlad tried to kill us , violet , '' he says .
` ` violet claims that she should have it because there are purple curtains , but i saw it first . ''
` ` you did not , '' violet says .
while violet continues to pat her consolingly , i look at james and neville .
` ` violet said that you can not make someone a vampire unless they agree . ''
before he can answer , violet knocks again .
her article on james captured him perfectly , and the ones on devon and ashley reached some sort of hellen - keller - miracle - worker level that my articles on violet and her love of the color purple did n't even come close to matching .
` ` neal , stop it , '' violet says , but it does n't sound like she wants him to stop anything .
i run into a physics classroom only to walk in on neal tickling violet with a remote - controlled robot .
` ` thanks for coming to the robotics meeting , '' he tells violet , who has leaned over to tap the robot 's head with a very curious expression .
` ` we should name him , '' violet says .
neal rolls his eyes , as if he had n't been doing his own soulful staring at violet these past few weeks .
i turn to violet , unable to hide my panic .
` ` i 'll come with you , '' neal says , but violet waves him back into his seat .
` ` violet ! ''
so we came here and found violet on the way .
and violet ... well , violet is clapping her hands .
and violet ... well , violet is clapping her hands .
` ` we took them out first , '' violet chirps and then nods toward the picnic table .
` ` so violet and neville are staying ? ''
it 's a little strange how happy i am to hear that violet will be staying , even though it means that the neal problem is still ... well , the neal problem .
why would they have to worry about little old violet lee ?
two violet we flew through the streets , speeding to a sprint as we left the square .
it 's violet ! '
three violet an hour stuck in a car with three deranged killers was not my idea of fun .
she took violet 's wrist without a word to her , instead focusing on me .
five violet ' here , ' said the girl who introduced herself as lyla .
six violet the rain still pummelled the glass when i woke up .
' i know you think that we 're murderers , violet .
eight violet i did n't know where my legs were taking me .
' do you fear me , violet lee ?
' do you lust for me , violet ? '
nine violet ' how about this ? '
' earth to violet , ' an exasperated voice called .
ten violet ' annie ! '
' is that true , violet ? '
eleven violet it was the morning of august 7th when fabian came in .
' we 'll get you out of there , violet , but it 's going to take time and i need to know some things .
i spat , closing the door to the living room behind me and shutting violet out .
she had made her stance on violet quite clear - she disapproved of the whole thing ; so much so , she had initially refused to visit with sky from romania .
thirteen violet hours merged into days , every day as insignificant as the next , time passing in a blur , nothing standing out .
so many people cried and , violet , vampires do n't give up their tears easily .
' i wish , violet , that you could have seen us all before it happened .
' but do you know what the worst thing is , violet ? '
' i ' m sorry , violet .
' sweet dreams , violet . '
fourteen violet so much time passed here unnoticed , as if the sands of time seemed to take pleasure in dropping when my back was turned .
' was it a dream , violet ? '
' it was just a nightmare , violet . '
fifteen violet i woke up early the next morning , my dream still troubling me .
sixteen violet i walked into the dining room , ilta leading me , fabian just behind .
' so , tell me , violet , what do you think of the royal family ? '
' i hear , violet , that you were accepted at university .
' you were never safe here , violet lee . '
' you are never safe here , violet lee .
five hours and the only thing they could agree on was that violet should choose to turn .
eighteen violet august 28th brought my eighteenth birthday , and with it little reason for cheer .
nineteen violet ' what do you mean you 're going to give me dance lessons ? '
well , violet , listen carefully .
we 'll get you out of there , violet , but it 's going to take time ... my father 's parting words haunted me .
twenty violet ' can i look yet ? '
it was a strapless ball gown , violet in colour - no coincidence , obviously .
time will not be infinite forever , violet lee .
twenty - one violet the king 's gaze locked onto mine and a flicker of doubt creased his face , before he returned to his pensive glare , staring down at his subjects as though they were pawns to be moved on a chessboard .
' i wish to have this dance with violet . '
that feeling quickly moved to surprise as i realized violet was comfortably leading the conversation .
i rolled my eyes with a slight shake of my head , which violet did n't miss .
and i was about to show violet exactly why that was .
twenty - three violet the truth was , that dance had been a little too easy .
do n't forget that , violet .
' where 's violet ? '
twenty - five violet ' ilta , what are you doing here ? '
' look around you , violet .
think about it , violet .
you will have no choice , violet lee .
' i thank you for telling me , violet .
' hold on , violet .
stay with me , violet ... ' with the thud of the doors , my heart constricted again , but it was pitiful and trying to force my ribs up and out was too much .
immediately , my father 's tall , dark figure emerged from the thousands of utterly silent , motionless onlookers , all staring at violet 's desecrated , limp form .
twenty - seven violet ' violet , it is time to wake up , ' a musical voice sang from beside my knees .
twenty - seven violet ' violet , it is time to wake up , ' a musical voice sang from beside my knees .
' you have been human asleep - y for a very long time , violet ! '
' look at me , violet ! '
what about violet ?
' i was with violet . '
i went back to violet 's room , glad to see she had fallen asleep .
twenty - nine violet ' you have three seconds to get your arm off me and move six feet away , ' i groaned , as the sun glared through the rather pathetic voiles .
' i ' m being serious , violet . '
' it 's violet , not vi . '
after a few minutes , he spoke : ' look , violet , i want to apologize for what i said earlier .
i will never leave you , violet ; not for all eternity .
i sighed and turned back inside , but not before glancing at violet 's darkened windows .
thirty - two violet vampires are not gentle , loving creatures .
' you should really guard your mind better , violet . '
' behind you , violet . '
have a nice day , violet , you slut . '
' i 'll scream if you do n't play , violet . '
' you just wo n't die , will you , violet lee ? '
thirty - four violet my eyes locked with his for a moment , the scream ceasing to flow from my drying lips .
' why do you delight in lying to me , violet ? '
and then suddenly little miss living comes along , with her beating heart and seriously breakable everything , and suddenly it 's all , ` ` oh , violet , can i sleep with you ?
get over yourself and fabian , stop putting me on the line and do n't drag violet into this . '
' you threatened violet .
nobody knew that but me and violet .
not to mention the fact you scratched violet . '
it would n't work between violet and fabian and everyone knows it .
if violet ignores him , he will just realize quicker .
' and you are going to do that at the cost of violet 's sanity ? '
thirty - six violet the temperature had noticeably dropped in the month after ilta 's death .
thirty - seven violet grabbing the towel i rubbed it over my wet hair , shifting my weight from one foot to the other in a sort of dance whilst humming an elvis tune .
besides , no one will actually think you are the violet lee .
you hurt violet just by going after her !
i sighed , exasperated , wondering how fallon could hold such radically different views from his own father concerning keeping violet in the dark .
even violet , human and powerless , stood up straight , her eyes wide and alert .
' welcome back to london , violet . '
' girly ... violet , ' kaspar whispered , choking on his own words .
forty violet ' vampires take the tube ?
' just tell me , violet . '
is that what you want , violet ? ! '
' but hear me , violet .
you prefer him , because like you said , it 's not just because of the seduction that you kissed him , is it , violet ?
' do n't lie to me , violet . '
especially a girl as decent as violet .
forty - two violet gone .
as i met his gaze he turned away and began to slide into his car , the wind howling , whistling what i thought were the words , ' goodbye , violet . '
forty - three violet the kettle whistled as i settled gingerly onto a bar stool , letting my head fall into my hands .
' i ' m angry because i gave you that chance , violet .
' i ' m glad you stayed , violet .
forty - four violet he said nothing .
he took in mine , violet ; violet as always .
he took in mine , violet ; violet as always .
because i more than hate him , violet .
forty - five violet tick , tock ... ' they know . '
' listen , violet .
forty - six violet i mentally kicked myself as i realized i was thinking about that day again , the events replaying themselves endlessly in my mind .
forty - seven violet tonight was ad infinitum .
' we meet at last , violet lee . '
forty - eight violet ' you okay ? '
' trust me , violet , ' he sighed .
he knew of our world , violet .
forty - nine violet i took a step away from kaspar , clutching protectively at the locket ; more afraid he might take that from me than of his actual anger .
fifty - one violet i heard the clattering of curtains being thrown open , as loud as the wheels of a train on a crossing .
' wake up , violet lee !
i ' m no emotional expert , but do you really think violet could live under your roof after you betray her like that ?
fifty - three violet if i had thought vampires were predators before , then my experience joining them on the hunt only convinced me that they were perfectly adapted killing machines .
fifty - four violet a canadian voice .
at a time like this i should have you locked up and brought before our council for invading violet 's mind ; if it were not for your title i would ensure you were dragged there . '
as i ' m sure violet will testify it 's a little chilly just standing here . '
' i agree with violet , ' a quiet voice suddenly said .
below me , violet 's soft breathing was the complete opposite : calm and even but still agitating .
i looked down at violet 's frail frame and felt a pang of guilt .
' that letter is one of a pair , ' he had said , resting against the stone atop varns ' point , the morning after i slept with violet .
hearing violet 's heartbeat as she slept next door , collapsed and stunned , not peacefully as she does now .
even as i realized that violet was no longer just a prize won and thrown away , but one to be treasured and revered - she was n't just another notch on the bedpost .
fifty - six violet the forest brims with life this night , he thought .
' i do n't want to rule that kingdom alone , violet . '
' you have dreams about a cloaked man , do n't you , violet lee ?
' i ' m not lying , violet lee . '
but i wish it were a lie , violet . '
' the first heroine is indeed of noble blood , violet .
an innocent must die ... ' in short , violet , she is the last of the fall . '
' it is my duty to ensure you die before you ever fulfil your fate ... you will have no choice , violet lee .
' no birth , no time , no choice , violet .
' if you choose to ignore the prophecy , violet , your two worlds will destroy each other , taking most of this dimension with them . '
' i - if i could give you time , violet , i would .
' cain , with violet .
' any last words , violet lee ? '
' i - it 's just violet , ' i choked , unsure of how to react , stealing glances at where the varns stood .
' violet is not going anywhere that i do not go , and as the heir to the throne , my place is here . '
eaglen had taken violet aside to talk to her - hopefully to discuss some sort of plan , because this lot would eat her alive .
their chairs were instead occupied by henry and joanna , and the chair ilta had once sat in opposite me was empty , ready for violet .
at that moment , the door opened and eaglen appeared , followed by arabella and , lastly , violet .
her lips upturned at the corners but she looked too terrified to smile : her eyes were wide and her pupils were dilated , so large that hardly any of her peculiar violet irises showed .
i asked , turning to violet .
' it was violet 's idea . '
we did n't know how violet would react : she could n't go soft on her father .
distracted by that and henry , beginning to formulate more detailed plans for the next day , i did n't notice as violet slipped towards the door .
fifty - nine violet i think kaspar saw the fear in my eyes when he told me he was going to hunt .
sixty violet the following morning was grey but dry .
' no , violet , i ' m the queen of england .
' i ' m not saying killing is right , but once you get to know them- ' ' i ' m not going to get to know them , violet . '
and you are telling me you want to join that , violet ? '
' come home , violet .
sixty - one violet the cold wrapped itself around my skin , caressing my sides and shoulders like hands .
sixty - two violet all traces of the storm had disappeared by the next morning .
' is this what you want , violet ? '
' you 're going to give up being human for that prince guy , so let 's face it , violet .
sixty - three violet the sun was just beginning to set when kaspar returned .
and situations like what has happened with violet lee only make things worse !
instead , she came into sharper focus , and i could see how her hair was so dark it neared black , and how her eyes shone a disturbingly familiar color : violet , glossy because she sobbed .
chapter fifteen autumn ` ` you just wo n't die , will you , violet lee ? ''
after a while , the topic inevitably moved back to violet lee .
` ` i do n't know why she needs all this pity , '' christy said , fingering the outline of a sketched version of violet 's dress .
` ` violet lee ? ''
the human contingent refused to meet at varnley and apparently king vladimir did n't want violet lee out too late , '' edmund filled in from behind us in such a dry tone that his disapproval was unmistakable .
being given the knowledge of our existence is the least violet lee deserves .
like how fallon had met the infamous violet lee , and admired her strength ; touched her neck .
how he had sent his son to romania , decided to punish violet lee by making her the sacrifice in their annual ad infinitum ball .
it came out as , ` ` violet ! ''
she 's going to reveal who violet is .
the duchess of england is herself having visions of violet lee .
this year they plan to take violet .
` ` because violet must find my late queen 's letter , and violet must nearly die , and kaspar must turn away from her , because sometimes a man must almost lose what he has to realize what he has .
` ` because violet must find my late queen 's letter , and violet must nearly die , and kaspar must turn away from her , because sometimes a man must almost lose what he has to realize what he has .
i watched the love between kaspar and violet , which i had seen in my visions , play out , and i ached with them when they could n't touch .
but he had contradicted my direct order to bring violet to me .
the two kings approached each other and violet shuffled behind her king , her eyes darting left and right and up and down , to the two kings and back to me .
` ` violet , '' i said softly .
the other was a girl a little bit younger than myself , as haggard as violet but with a pink patterned scarf wrapped around her head .
kaspar sprang up instantly and shifted between the girl and violet 's line of sight .
there 's a little food laid out- '' violet moved faster than such a frail frame should be able to , turning to me .
knowing there was a small back passage that we could escape through , i went to take violet 's elbow and steer her through the crowd .
we both froze in the crowd until violet slowly ran her hand down my wrist and into my palm , and then tugged me into a tight embrace .
though my eyes saw nothing , in my head flickered an image of an empty entrance , in which violet and i were joined by only one person : a strikingly beautiful woman in an emerald - green dress , the deceased queen of the vampires and kaspar 's mother ... and one of the innocents who had died for violet .
though my eyes saw nothing , in my head flickered an image of an empty entrance , in which violet and i were joined by only one person : a strikingly beautiful woman in an emerald - green dress , the deceased queen of the vampires and kaspar 's mother ... and one of the innocents who had died for violet .
i thought ` ` your majesty , '' and immediately violet had spoken the words .
` ` violet can not see me for long .
i barely know what enemy i face ... ` ` my lady , you and violet are one and the same .
the figure in the image began to fade , and though violet still held me , our connection seemed to weaken .
the journey was silent , other than a few mumbled comments on violet 's behalf about the size of the palace .
with a grim expression he took one over to violet .
so hearing violet 's breathing pick up made the hairs on my arms stand on end .
` ` violet , '' he growled .
towering a full head over me , he glared in my direction , one hand still on violet , the other holding the half - full glass .
this is why i hate this place , '' he said , turning to violet .
i could hear the raised voices from the next room , and feel the anger across mine and violet 's mysterious connection , but i found now she was some distance away it was easier to block out , though as strong as ever when i decided to embrace it .
and i have never met a necromancer with such a diverse range of skills as those violet possesses .
i took another sip of the bitter caffeine cocktail next to me and carried on reading , trying to ignore the surge of emotion from violet , which was steadily driving me to delirium .
but chri'dom definitely said she was a necromancer , and i definitely had n't imagined what happened when violet arrived : that had been the late vamperic queen in her mind - in my mind , speaking to me !
i passed through the green drawing room , dressed floor to ceiling in paintings and crowded with green furniture , at the moment seating several of kaspar varn 's friends , before i got to the door of violet 's huge apartment .
my hand would n't drop even though i suddenly felt the urge to run ; instead my knees had locked and through the gap i had full view of violet as a mass of limbs in kaspar varn 's arms , pressed up against the wall like her weight was supported by hooks .
there were hundreds , yet my mind was blank and all i could focus on was the gap in the door , and violet collapsed on the far side of the room .
only violet showed any composure .
the vamperic king barked something in a language i could n't understand , totally ignored violet , and indicated for fallon and me to leave the room .
suddenly , i felt fire creeping across the thread dangling between me and violet , fizzing and hissing like a fuse .
by the time my eyes had opened again to find fallon there , it had become obvious that in that moment , there had been no partition between violet and me .
withering , wilting violet lee .
i thought those things as the king went through the list of violet 's illnesses ; it puzzled me how a public forum was going to remedy any of them .
princess joanna , fallon 's older sister and one of those who had gone to save violet from the vampires when the varns had found out about her father , had risen from her seat and patiently waited for ll'iriad 's permission to continue .
` ` he abused his power as a seer and assaulted violet , i did n't !
my sister and lord fabian ariani , they bullied her , or her ex , joel ; everything i did was done with consent- '' ` ` and you should hear the names violet 's sister calls her ! ''
nervously placing herself between them and edmund was charity faunder ; next to her , violet 's sister , almost in tears .
` ` the inter wo n't make violet better , '' i said .
` ` i have an idea , for violet . ''
chapter thirty - five fallon three hours , and autumn had n't returned from violet 's room .
` ` violet and autumn kicked me out of the room , '' he retorted , beginning to play scales up and down the length of the keyboard .
leaving violet ? ''
but i did n't go over , and instead went and sat with violet and kaspar at a small table in another corner .
i kept one eye on violet , gauging her reaction - nothing anybody said to me in my mind was private anymore .
she told me violet and i were alike , and i thought about what my salvation was : education .
i did n't think anything of it until antae said about educating her ... '' violet shot me a brief smile , obviously listening to every word .
his uncle , aunt , alfie , and lisbeth approached , too , but when i looked up , kaspar and violet seemed like distant figures across the room , blurry and insignificant .
i was angry at the athenea ; at violet and kaspar , because they had distracted my thoughts from my friends and because they were vampires who killed people like tee without thinking twice .
as they disappeared out of sight , i felt my heart sink , and was bombarded with confusion and pain as violet tuned in live to my sight .
the time of the heroines had come , and the extermino were making their move to drive a wedge between us and the humans ... and violet and i were the only forces stopping them .
` ` oh violet , forget the bike .
` ` okay , we have that cia analyst in the suit already , sort of spy style , '' violet said , pulling out a notebook .
` ` well , i think that will certainly do it , '' violet finally said .
cynthia and violet chattered off to the side .
a thin violet bruise lies over a silent patch in the sky where the sun is supposed to be .
* * * the plush violet sky above ahava is illuminated with a nonstop nest of lightning , slightly reminiscent of the stone of sacrifice the night chloe arranged for the counts to take me .
they sparkle a brilliant shade of violet before returning to their natural cellophane state .
then she 'd leaned in , her violet eyes dancing ( lily fancied that maxine looked a little like elizabeth taylor , violet eyes and dark , dark hair but , it must be noted not unkindly , maxine was an elizabeth taylor in her chubby , older years ) .
their room she had decorated in rich indigo , sharp vermillion and deep violet , somehow managing to make it both comfortably masculine and softly feminine , a place in their home that lily was able to make for them both together and separately .
directly after that , as i was wo nt to do , i got a wild hair , acted on that wild hair , drove to f**king indiana to have cal 's and his new woman 's , violet 's , back , did something stupid , and ended up getting shot by none other than the man who ordered the hit on my boyfriend .
just like violet .
` ` hey , '' i replied , looking into violet 's eyes .
` ` shut up , joe , '' violet snapped but did it in my neck , not moving a centimeter away from me .
he loved violet .
i turned my gaze back to violet .
` ` can we please end this discussion of violet , otherwise known as the one - woman baby - making factory ? ''
with ben in chicago , and cal , violet , and the girls the only friends i had close , i spent time with them .
during one of the many times i went over to cal and violet 's place to drink wine , shoot the shit , and be a casual observer while vi , kate , and keira discussed wedding plans , vi had shown me brochures .
the same for violet and her girls .
tim was violet 's husband who was killed several years ago .
i had that happy thought and studied violet , noting , ` ` you seem pretty calm . ''
regardless if this new book you 're writing with violet means bea and i must close our book , a book that has no hope of reopening , there is no other man in the world we would wish to sit in the seat you 're currently occupying .
except violet , who got up from her chair , walked with red cheeks and shining eyes to her father - in - law , wrapped her arms around him , and shoved her face in his neck .
her hair was up , curled and fastened in a loose bun at the side of her neck , and around the bun and radiating from it into her hair were a bunch of rhinestones and tiny , real violets .
this was how anthony joseph callahan made violet winters his wife .
` ` i hear violet made a beautiful bride , '' he went on as benny moved through the side garage door into his backyard .
` ` yeah , '' ben agreed , not about to tell him he thought it was cool that gina and he had declined the invitation violet had extended , knowing in that small resort gathering they would be hard for the bianchis to avoid .
cheryl asked , sitting with chrissy , cat , violet , asheeka , and me .
after doing that , my gaze wandered from violet to across the room .
off to the side , frankie and violet also stood close .
and we did n't have the time for me to share about violet .
now with violet in his bed , cal 's smiles came a f**kuva lot more often .
jesus , f**k . violet .
then he watched her brows lift and she said , ` ` your , uh ... violet is married to joe callahan ? ''
and he understood , having dusty 's attention , concern and care , that was what he 'd been looking for in violet , what he 'd been looking for all his life .
this was courtesy of sully 's wife , lorraine not to mention the quintuple threat of cheryl , jessie , mimi , february and violet , two of those working in the town 's most popular bar , one of them owning the frequented coffee house .
so i saw it when violet 's eyes came to me .
* joe came through the side door and violet dashed to it .
and the windows were hung with wispy , sheer , muted rose curtains that bunched on the floor and looked amazing against the white woodwork and the newly painted walls that were a deep , warm violet .
layne approached but rocky stayed clear , standing in a huddle with josie judd , february colton , violet callahan and violet 's extremely pretty daughter , keira .
layne then rolled by colt 's , just in case she went to feb or violet .
she kept talking , ` ` i have garden furniture ordered from violet at the garden center .
layne 's eyes went to his watch and he saw that jas had half an hour before keira 's curfew and keira lived at most a ten minute drive away so either his son was trying to ingratiate himself with cal and violet by taking her safely home with time to spare or he was going to take keira somewhere so he could make out with her .
you do n't talk to josie , violet , feb , anyone about this shit .
` ` all right , you think about that shit on your way to violet and cal because cal 's gon na be askin ' these same questions and it 's gon na go better for you , you have answers . ''
i 'll talk violet into lettin ' jasper come over . ''
violet had a way with flowers and her backyard was a showstopper .
` ` hey violet , '' colt called and i stiffly turned back .
` ` your name 's violet , '' he told me .
` ` violet , '' he repeated quietly .
` ` violet 's uptight !
` ` can you get darryl to take violet home ? ''
i looked up at him when he called , ` ` morrie , violet paid or is she on a tab ? ''
` ` violet . ''
chapter three done joe callahan woke with violet in his arms .
he knew it , he knew it the minute he kicked kenzie out of his house , turned to violet , saw her in those f**king ridiculous boots , sexy as hell nightgown and ratty robe and realized who she was , what she was and that he wanted her .
` ` violet , '' he called but she belted her robe and he watched her run , the robe billowing out behind her as she went .
cal examined colt 's face and he nodded at what he saw and led the way to his house , not looking toward violet 's .
` ` it 's violet , '' colt answered and cal felt that sharp pain carve through his gut .
` ` violet ? ''
he did n't want to know but he asked all the same , ` ` about violet ? ''
` ` pryor says that violet caught this guy 's eye . ''
she could do that , violet could .
he 'd seen it in violet 's eyes , her face , the way she held her body , the dead in her voice when she spoke and , just like f**king bonnie , he 'd wanted to fix it .
feb had a sweet ass but violet 's entire body was built to make a man want to f**k her , want it so much , made it hard to think of anything else .
he opened the curtains and looked out the window at violet 's house .
it was four thirty , violet was probably at work but her daughters were home from school , likely alone and he hoped to christ her alarm was programmed for doors and windows and her girls armed it when they got home .
but cal had bought some serious equipment for violet 's house , the like your normal suburban folk could n't afford and did n't even know existed but the people who paid for his services not only knew it existed , they demanded it and they needed it with the sick f**ks who invaded their lives .
he walked across colt 's yard but his eyes were on violet 's house .
he crossed the street , walked passed tina 's house and was halfway passed violet 's when her daughter skipped to the end of the drive and called , ` ` hey , mr .
` ` we 're goin ' to the mall , '' she informed him and since she was speaking to him and she was violet 's kid , instead of walking right by her like he would normally do , he stopped .
cal had no response to this and he wanted to be the f**k out of there by the time violet got out of the house .
finding himself curious , he looked between violet 's girls .
neither of them looked like violet .
he liked his women in heels but he liked those purple shoes on violet better than any heels he 'd seen in his whole f**king life .
both the older one and violet cried , the older daughter loud , violet on a snap .
both the older one and violet cried , the older daughter loud , violet on a snap .
` ` i ' m sure mr . callahan has better things to do than go to the mall , '' violet stated and walked to the mustang , hitching her purse on her shoulder .
` ` keira , seriously , leave mr . callahan alone , '' violet ordered .
he moved and when he moved , he moved toward violet .
` ` mr . callahan is - '' violet started to speak to her daughter but cal cut her off .
` ` my girls do n't call their elders by their christian names , '' violet told him , her voice ice and when cal turned back to her , her face was ice too .
cal looked at violet .
` ` but - '' he leaned into her , she reared back into the door but he ignored that even though he felt that in his chest too and repeated , ` ` violet , get in . ''
` ` keystone at the crossing , '' kate answered and cal looked to his right to see violet had her purse in her lap , her fingers clutching it so tightly he could see white at her knuckles and her head was turned to look out the side window .
except for the fact that some ass**le was out there , some ass**le who had killed her husband but wanted her and cal did n't like the idea of violet and her kids going to the mall , to dinner , to a movie , without protection .
` ` no , baby , '' violet answered softly and cal felt her two words in his chest too and his gut .
her girls were lucky they had that , violet 's soft voice , her calling them ` ` baby '' .
` ` not my thing , '' violet replied .
but he did n't have to answer , violet spoke .
` ` they 're not gon na call you cal , '' violet returned .
` ` keira - '' violet started .
` ` cal 'll do , '' cal cut violet off , not about to be called uncle cal either .
` ` joe , they 're not gon na call you cal , '' violet repeated .
it irritated him the first couple of times that violet called him that then he started to like it , mainly because she was moaning it when his c**k was inside her , her nipple was in his mouth or his tongue was at her clit .
` ` no , '' violet responded .
for the rest of the drive keira carried on the conversation with kate interjecting occasionally but cal and violet contributed absolutely nothing .
as he slammed the door behind her , he looked across the roof and saw violet and kate were also out .
he beeped the locks when violet closed the door and keira ran to her sister , linking arms with her and they hustled to the mall .
` ` violet - '' ` ` it is n't your job . ''
she 's trying to recreate that , '' violet informed him though she was wrong .
he was invited by keira because her daughter loved her and knew violet missed her husband and keira was looking for a replacement to take away her mother 's pain .
her girls were standing inside the mall doors looking out at them and when they hit the sidewalk , violet twisted her hand out of his .
they walked into the mall and even though violet said she was n't going to lucky that was the first place she directed them .
` ` yes , and i ' m giving it to you , '' violet returned .
` ` he gave it to me to do with what i wanted and i ' m doing that , '' violet told her daughter .
` ` so now , spend more , '' violet responded even more firmly .
as he watched the silent showdown , he decided he liked violet 's girls .
` ` keira - '' violet began but cal turned to kate .
violet was standing there wearing a skintight , purple , low - cut tank top and a pair of jeans that were so f**king sweet on her , his hands itched again to touch her in order to peel those jeans off her .
` ` maybe so , honey , but - '' violet started .
all three females turned to stare at him , violet with color in her cheeks ; keira with a huge smile on her face ( also her mother 's , though cal had never seen violet smile that big ) ; and kate with shock .
all three females turned to stare at him , violet with color in her cheeks ; keira with a huge smile on her face ( also her mother 's , though cal had never seen violet smile that big ) ; and kate with shock .
` ` it 's okay , joe , kids at school drop the f - bomb all the time , '' kate assured him and before violet could say anything , she turned to her mother .
if he got impatient with it because it was n't a whole helluva lot of fun except when violet walked out of a dressing room , looking so f**king sweet she made the whole thing worthwhile .
cal walked to the counter and leaned into it to wait for violet and her daughters .
he took a sip of coffee and he tagged where both girls were in the store and violet 's feet under the dressing room door .
* * * * * cal pulled violet 's mustang into her drive .
it was after her daughters dragged them to a shoe shop which was torture compared to the jeans store considering violet tried on at least twelve pairs of shoes .
it was after dinner which was the only glitch they had after his conversation with violet in the parking lot considering he paid and she made it clear she did n't want him to .
cal and violet had both stayed silent on the subject , then again , they did n't need to speak , even kate went on about it so there were no openings to get a word in .
` ` violet - '' ` ` you 're right , '' she said quickly and softly .
` ` violet - '' ` ` move . ''
` ` shit , violet , it does n't have to be like this . ''
my legs were out in front of me and i was wearing my little army green skirt and my violet tank top i bought at lucky with joe and the girls .
` ` he 's through dickin ' with you , violet . ''
` ` do n't be scared of me , violet , '' he warned .
` ` joe - '' ` ` go home , violet . ''
he 'd been gone a week and a half , had to leave the day after things smoothed out with violet to see to some work .
then he stared at the ceiling and wondered why the f**k he was lying in bed talking to violet and after , running the tips of his f**kin ' fingers along the skin of her hip and ass so she 'd relax and go to sleep .
` ` fuck , '' he whispered as violet woke with a start at his side , her head coming up , her hand lifting to pull her hair out of her face .
he heard bonnie say his name and then , in his head , he heard violet saying it .
then he felt it and looked to his left to see violet standing in the hall , wearing his t - shirt , her dark hair a tumbled mess around her face and shoulders .
` ` hey , '' bonnie called , smiling drunkenly at violet , ` ` we ' avin ' a pardee ? ''
` ` violet , '' vi whispered , her tone uncertain .
cal wondered what violet would do but he did n't have to wonder long .
she had to know he 'd never want her mouth on him , his dick in her , when he had violet .
cal gave violet a squeeze and murmured , ` ` go back to bed , buddy . ''
` ` joe - '' violet whispered and he knew she was watching bonnie too .
cal moved violet behind him , dropping his arm and stepped into bonnie as she took a clumsy swipe at their legs and missed .
` ` joe - '' violet whispered , pressing closer .
` ` we should help her , '' violet said at his back .
` ` give me a second , '' cal told the dispatcher and turned to violet .
bonnie glared over his shoulder at violet as cal read out his credit card number , confirmed the address then hit the button to turn off the phone .
therefore , he did n't guard his response from violet when he reminded bonnie , ` ` woman , this has n't been your house for seventeen years . ''
` ` maybe we should get her some coffee , '' violet whispered her suggestion in his ear .
he felt violet close in on his back , her hands coming out of his jeans to slide up and her fingers curled around his ribcage at the sides as she pressed herself into his back and held on .
until violet gave it to him , he 'd forgotten he 'd had it from his mother , forgotten it even existed .
she winced and cal ignored it , twisting his neck to look at violet who , when she felt his movement , tore her gaze from bonnie and caught his eyes .
when he hit the door , his eyes went to violet .
` ` i 'll be here , '' violet replied .
it had started pumping the minute he woke up and knew she was back and the only time he did n't feel it eating at him was when violet was pressed to his back .
he stood outside a long time , apparently too long because violet slid into him again , this time pressing up to his front and wrapping her arms all the way around him .
cal noted the sudden absence of the toxin searing through his system just as he noted that violet 's face was soft , her eyes searching his through the dark .
he had his job , his place in florida , his plan for his life ; he did n't need violet 's shit , her problems , her baggage , her kids .
no , he needed to end it with violet .
i looked up at him and said , ` ` violet . ''
` ` uh ... '' ` ` it 's okay , violet , i just did n't want you to find out later that i knew your deal .
` ` relax , violet , '' he put his hand to my knee , gave it a squeeze then took his hand away , ` ` i ' m all for flirtin ' , if you 're up for that , but we can also just talk . ''
` ` violet , you okay ? ''
` ` violet , there a reason joe callahan is lookin ' at me like he wants to rip my head off ? ''
` ` not f**kin ' with you , violet , swear to god , but cal 's not about defined . ''
` ` do what i say , violet , slide your finger inside . ''
` ` now unless you have some business with violet , might be a good idea you move along , '' colt ordered but did it in a way that sounded like a suggestion except it was a suggestion you could n't exactly deny .
` ` violet - '' ` ` mike , honey , i just nearly burst into tears in your bedroom .
when he was close , he whispered , ` ` i like you , violet . ''
` ` no , violet , she wanted money for drugs , '' mike stated firmly and i stared at him .
` ` violet , '' mike called and i looked at him .
* * * * * cal was still on his deck when night had fallen and he heard violet 's mustang in her drive .
` ` violet , honey , '' my dad 's voice drifted to me .
* * * * * violet fell asleep the minute they hit i-65 outside lebanon .
another thing that kate did that she got from violet .
feeling the eyes following him , cal walked straight to violet 's parents .
` ` i ' m joe callahan , i ' m with violet . ''
they had n't met , not officially and by the look of him , cal 's being with violet came as a shock though , cal sensed , not an unwelcome one .
cal did n't reply and did n't take his arm from violet .
we ca n't go to hoolihan 's with you , the girls ca n't come in , '' violet told her .
at melissa using sam 's nickname for his sister , violet finally gave him her weight , so much of it , her hand came around and she clutched his shirt at his stomach to remain standing .
kate maneuvered the seating arrangement so it was keira , melissa , violet , cal , kate , pam and barry .
` ` i still ca n't believe they planned this ridiculous farce , '' melissa hissed when they were seated , her eyes cutting to madeline then back to violet .
violet 's body jerked and keira , melissa , violet and kate 's eyes all jerked to cal .
violet 's body jerked and keira , melissa , violet and kate 's eyes all jerked to cal .
pam stopped talking but keira , melissa , violet and kate did n't stop staring at cal .
` ` violet , nice . ''
` ` yes , vi , violet , '' i answered , taking his hand .
` ` violet 's my neighbor , '' cal answered and benny threw his head back and burst out laughing again .
` ` i know life 's shit for you now , violet , but serious to god , this shit is f**ked . ''
` ` it 's violet .
` ` hey violet . ''
haines was n't stupid , he knew she was tied in knots and a woman like violet did n't get tied in knots for something that did n't matter .
` ` cal 's a man , violet .
* * * * * cal was putting the beer in the fridge when he heard violet turn in the drive .
` ` world 's upside down , '' violet answered .
` ` joe , '' violet called and he turned to see she was out and out fretting so he turned more fully to her and dipped his head close .
his mouth left vi 's and he turned to see elaine putting violet 's drink in front of her .
cal turned to violet who 'd grabbed her drink and was sucking on the straw .
vi squirted ketchup in a pile by her fries and noted , ` ` one good thing about you movin ' in ... '' cal left his burger suspended halfway to his mouth and looked at violet , brows raised when she did n't finish .
when i was done with the dishes , joe showed me around the new computer in the study that already had four users programmed in it , the names all in a column , starting with ` ` joe '' on top , ` ` violet '' under that then ` ` kate '' then ` ` keira '' .
made out to violet winters and do it now . ''
taking the mugs out of my hands , she said gently , ` ` nothing to be sorry for , violet , '' she gestured to a chair , ` ` sit down , honey . ''
` ` and i ca n't believe you 'd get in violet 's face when her brother was murdered three weeks ago ! ''
` ` love you , violet .
` ` violet - '' ` ` let me bring him home . ''
he would n't let her do anything but he figured violet would not go back to sleep and leave cal to deal .
the black caddy benny knew was carrying violet went one way .
` ` kids , can we have this domestic somewhere on the way to violet ? ''
` ` violet , '' i heard him say and i turned .
` ` violet , '' he called .
` ` i ' m glad you made this decision violet . ''
` ` violet - '' i turned away , tossed the pills to the floor and took a long drink of the water .
` ` you should take the aspirin , violet .
` ` jesus , violet , keep it down , '' he heard frankie hiss .
` ` hart told her you were dead , '' frankie explained and cal clenched his teeth because this was a cruel thing to do to anyone , especially vi ; because he could still hear violet 's sobs ; because he was getting no information ; and lastly because they were on the phone but it sounded like they were unsafe .
` ` violet , i hear somethin ' . ''
` ` oh god , they 're here , '' violet whispered .
` ` violet , god dammit , where are you ? ''
` ` violet , honey , you got no shoes on .
sal grinned to himself and then his eyes scanned the room and he saw benny , theresa , manny and vinnie senior all looking after cal and violet .
` ` violet - '' ` ` i wo n't need them .
in front of this display stood a man wearing white robes with a long , wide satin band around his neck and dangling down his front bearing stripes starting with dark blue then light blue , red , deep violet , gold then bright green .
the six statues at the church , or dwelling of the gods as they called it here , were their six gods : wohden , god of power ( his color was dark blue , and those who prayed to him or made offerings did so to shrines bearing his color or with gifts in his color ) , hermia , goddess of motherhood ( her color , light blue ) , meer , god of war ( his color , red ) , adele , goddess of passion ( her color , deep violet ) , keer , god of destiny , ( his color , gold ) and alabasta , goddess of wisdom and overseer of the earth ( her color , green ) .
carefully , i grasped the beautiful , large , dragon fashioned out of delicate spun glass in brilliant colors of gold ( neck and feet ) , vermillion ( head and body ) , violet and a deep sapphire blue that had gold flecks in it ( both colors making up the wings ) with the tips of its talons , horns , wings , tail and its eyes all painted a glossy onyx and i shifted to face him .
` ` the whispers are fading , dahksahna circe , '' she told me , lifting a bolt of silver fabric shot with crimson and violet .
` ` yes , my golden queen , '' she whispered , i smiled , lifted a hand and squeezed her upper arm then i looked to my girl posse who were all huddled together admiring a bolt of fabric the color of violet shot with copper that narinda was holding out .
on this thought , a charge shot through my hands and a ring burst out from our huddle colored in gold , ice blue , violet and poppy stripes .
a woman , dark hair , beautiful , pale face , her long hair streaming as if caught in a fierce wind and her old - fashioned violet dress floating in tatters around her .
a firework of every colour purple you could imagine , from the palest lilac to the brightest violet to the deepest aubergine , detonated , bursting forth , filling the space and bouncing ( thankfully harmlessly ) off everyone standing at the circle .
mere moments later the scream died and a burst of violet and lilac sparks shot straight up the tor , the side of the castle and they all stepped back to watch them fly into the air over the parapet .
` ` kind of a deep violet , '' sibyl answered .
and thus , ten minutes after she hung up the phone with her sister ( the call had unfortunately included the third degree about ` ` the guy '' ) , and five minutes after colin morgan was meant to arrive , sibyl stood in the dining area of the cottage wearing a dark violet , silk , sequined camisole , her best jeans ( that had gone a bit snug due to a day of stress - eating which was now turning her stomach sickeningly ) and a pair of high - heeled sandals that consisted solely of a strip of rhinestones across her toes and a daring rhinestone ankle strap .
i had mom 's violet blues eyes and pale skin and mom 's curves too .
jules had on a violet tee that said , ` ` give peace a chance '' across the front in psychedelic scrawl .
therefore it was little wonder that bridget was only half - listening to the discussion of the announced betrothal between count belvedere and miss violet jasper when her friend stopped talking mid - sentence and anchored her gaze on the archway behind bridget .
by the time she made it downstairs , voices were coming from the violet drawing room .
really , it was all being drawn into the one violet flame , which grew larger , brighter , tongued with more forks of fire .
even with nadia at school , the outline of the building glowed slightly to elizabeth 's eyes , a sinuous violet shade - the sign of magic at work .
a muscle popped in his jaw , but his eyes , so vividly blue they looked violet , were still incredibly soft .
dusk had painted a canvas of pinks and pale violet across the sky when she neared the auction house .
caine 's lair outside chicago dusk was painting the sky in vibrant shades of violet and amber as cassie pulled to a halt near the two - story brick farmhouse .
the marks on her neck are already turning hideous shades of violet and midnight blue ; i can see the impressions his thumbs made .
against the light in the room , her eyes almost looked violet , with hints of deep purple .
the fear in her violet eyes was unmistakable .
her violet eyes contained no anger , no accusation , no condemnation ... just resignation and a deep sadness that made me ache inside .
from outside ben 's window , i could see faint hues of violets and reds , signaling the break of dawn .
the light blues and purples of her eyes turned into a deep violet and i was taken aback when i saw fear in their depths .
to my surprise , after a couple of seconds , the violets of her irises had swirled into a bright blue .
the violet haltered dress she was wearing highlighted not only her pale skin but also her eyes - more violet than blue against the candlelight .
sadness traced her blue - violet eyes as she stood alone in her greenhouse .
she asked , her blue violet gaze settling on me with deep concern .
her blue violet gaze bore into mine with sympathy and compassion .
it was n't the first time i dreamed of the beautiful brunette with the stunning violet eyes .
i looked into vivienne 's blue violet eyes , hoping that she would have a prophecy , a vision ... anything to let me know that all would be alright .
the liner paper was bright and fresh as the day it must have been laid down , the flower pattern winding its violet and green way all around the fragrant sheets .
god ... his eyes ... they were moonlight and shadow intertwined , an impossible color somewhere between silver and violet and pale blue .
it 's just ... violet . ''
beside finn stood a tall , elegant woman with pale violet skin and silver hair pulled into a bun .
keva 's pale violet skin flushed pink , and she dropped her gaze .
instead of violet pupils like viktis had , this man 's eyes shone with an odd metallic glow .
the delfine pilot glanced back at renna , raising one of her pale violet eyebrows .
viktis winked , and keva flushed violet .
her eyes were closed but he already knew that they were an unusual violet color that was n't produced by artificial lenses .
i held the violet flower delicately .
i wanted to stare into her beautiful violet eyes and kiss her sweet luscious lips as her soft fingers played and tugged in my hair .
i want to see your big violet eyes light up with happiness when you see me , and i want to feel your soft kisses against my lips , waking me up in the mornings . ''
i sniffed the violet , but if it had a scent , it was lost in the smells surrounding us .
a violet .
even the ocean grew still , and the violet shades of dusk hung in the sky far longer than they should have .
my mother 's been a good friend of violet 's for years and shakes her head whenever russ 's name is mentioned . ''
at times hannah envied the support patti received from her husband and violet , her mother , but not enough to wish her any less happiness .
she did n't want to talk to patti or russ or even violet .
violet and pug , hannah 's ex in - laws , used to come to the games , but they were getting old , and the noise and cooler weather bothered violet .
violet and pug , hannah 's ex in - laws , used to come to the games , but they were getting old , and the noise and cooler weather bothered violet .
she recognized donny 's truck , pug and violet 's cadillac , patti 's car .
hannah noticed the open mouths of donny , pug , and violet , could see russ 's eyes nearly bulging out of his head .
although patti and violet had glanced worriedly at each other when russ left , they 'd largely refused to acknowledge that anything unusual had taken place .
miranda wriggles out from under the tree , through the press of leggy honeywells in black tie and party dresses : apocalyptically orange taffeta , slithering , clingy satins in canary and violet , foamy white silk already spotted with wine .
he was darker than any person she had ever seen , his skin a deep umber , so rich with hue that the shadows cut by the planes of his face read as color to her artist 's eyes , too : indigos and violets , shades she associated with rarity and riches , because the dyes were so precious that only the best of embroiderers were allowed near those threads .
she hugs me , and the comforting familiarity of her violet perfume keeps me in her arms , crying .
for a second , our gazes met , and her weird purple irises seemed to turn an even darker shade of violet .
the girl looks up at me with eyes like damp violets , and true fear clutches at my gut .
korbie stepped out in a violet corseted gown that fluttered around her ankles as she completed a disney - princess twirl .
but still , in the end , i picture violet , beautiful green eyes , full lips , long waves of red and black hair , a sexy tattooed body , a diamond stud in her nose , and the sadness and pain in her expression the last time i held her in my arms .
as much as i ' m panicking on the inside , on the outside i am the calm , collected violet .
two months of pure hell with moments packed with whispered threats and calloused hands where i ' ve lost track of violet hayes , the version luke price brought out .
chapter 1 violet i ' m on the brink of losing consciousness , fading in and out as two months of bad decisions weigh me down and push me further into the water .
` ` violet , what the hell are you doing in there ! ''
` ` you 're becoming a real downer , violet hayes , '' he says .
after violet moved out of the apartment two months ago , i called the police and reported what facts i knew about the murders .
it was only a little bit , but i knew i owed violet at least that much .
i think part of me hoped that by telling the police , violet would come back to me .
so the wall remains between violet and i , building higher and higher with each moment while i die a little bit more every day .
to help wake up every day , i try to tell myself that i 'll get over violet eventually , because time is supposed to heal all wounds or some stupid shit like that , but it seems like time is having the opposite effect on me .
i drown myself in other stuff , just like i do to hide the pain connected to losing violet .
` ` you mean since violet left . ''
the only reason i do is a ) because i have a weird issue with needing structure and school is the only thing that gives it to me anymore and b ) it 's the only place i get to see violet - seeing her consistently for the last week has been worth the pain in the ass of getting up to go .
the guy 's a creepy old pervert , who sells drugs and also has violet sell drugs for him .
then he adds fuel to the fire scorching violently inside me when he takes his hand and stuffs it into violet 's back pocket , either touching her or putting something in there .
i take a step toward them and another , stepping out of the shadows of the trees - god knows what i ' m going to do - but then i come to a cold stop as violet turns around and lets preston lean in and kiss her .
i feel cold inside and i wonder if i ' ve died as i painfully realize that over the last month , while i ' ve been hung up on violet and what we had , she 's moved on .
our shoulders collide and i step back , angry violet rising and ready to take it out on someone .
i crave to be there , crave the solitude it 'll give me like f**king women used to do before i met violet .
` ` violet , i know you want to know - and trust me we do to - but these things take time . ''
` ` no , violet , you need to go with roy , '' he says , talking loudly over the music .
` ` violet , do n't f**k this up for me , '' he says , his anger rising through his voice .
i care so much that i hurry and push the brunette off of my lap , before violet sees me .
there 's a flash of jealousy in violet 's eyes as she glares at the woman who 's gripping my shoulders to get her balance , and as disturbing as it is , i f**king love the sight of it in her eyes .
then he turns to violet and arches his brow .
i expect violet to waver before sitting but being the pro that she is , she manages to take a seat without so much as a flash of hesitation .
` ` violet , this is dougford , carson , '' gerald starts with introductions as he sits down at the table and then each guy reaches across the table to shake violet 's hand .
` ` violet , this is dougford , carson , '' gerald starts with introductions as he sits down at the table and then each guy reaches across the table to shake violet 's hand .
` ` and it 's nice to meet you , violet . ''
roy goes over to the bar area and pours violet a drink .
i wonder if violet 's planning on screwing him over like she does with some of her clients .
after a few large swallows , violet sets the glass down on the coaster and collects herself .
geraldson gets up to get a pipe and violet glances around the room as if she 's searching for an escape route .
` ` violet open up . ''
` ` you do n't want to be messing around with these people , violet . ''
not knowing where else to go , i 'd ran here with a very willing violet in tow with me .
i have no f**king clue how this happened -- not with the geraldson thing since i 'd always known eventually my luck would run out - but violet being here .
i expect violet to leave , but after a minute or two she comes wandering into my room - a room that used to be hers too .
violet plants her feet firmly to the floor and presses her hands against my chest , refusing to move .
and knowing violet , she 'll probably try to intervene , like she did that time at the bar when i got myself into a mess .
from behind me , i hear violet suck in a breath , then her hand touches my back , causing my muscles to twitch .
when they 're gone and the door is shut , i turn to violet and her eyes frantically scan over my body .
` ` i have to make a phone call , '' i tell violet , my voice sounding strained .
so i get up to go finish packing , while violet stands in the doorway not uttering a word , but the worry in her eyes says a lot .
` ` violet , i ... '' i trail off , realizing that i can press her all i want , but she 's not going to open up to me like she used to .
` ` okay , if that 's what you want , '' she says nonchalantly , but a glimmer of that i - won attitude flashes through it and gives me a brief glimpse of the violet that made me want to change everything about myself - try to be a good person .
dammit violet , you 're going to f**king pay for making me lose a client like this .
chapter 6 luke we leave violet 's house with a little more confrontation from preston , but i can tell the guy is a total pu**y , backing down when i challenge him because he knows i can beat his ass .
but violet should n't know about that nor do i want her to .
` ` and besides , i was n't talking about an actual sex tape , '' violet continues .
` ` okay , this one 's not so bad , '' violet remarks as she lets her head fall back against the seat , her lips part , she 's so relaxed .
it reminds me more and more of the one and only time violet and i had sex .
` ` violet , breathe , '' luke says from beside me .
` ` i can tell when you 're lying , violet , '' he says and it makes me cringe .
` ` someone ... '' ` ` violet . ''
unknown : tell me violet , how disgusting does it make u feel , knowing you ' ve slept with her son .
chapter 7 luke ` ` the names of the buildings are amusing , '' violet remarks , gazing down at a map i had in my bag of the las vegas strip .
i never mentioned to my uncle that violet was coming with me , because i honestly thought there was no way in hell it 'd ever happen .
` ` here , let me drive , '' i tell violet , giving her a gentle nudge in the side .
` ` i ' m so confused , '' violet says as she slips on her sunglasses and takes in the surroundings .
` ` this is so weird , '' violet says with a pucker at her brow .
` ` you do n't need to apologize , '' he says , his gaze flickering in violet 's direction .
but violet winces too , so i shove the feeling down and rush to sidetrack the conversation .
` ` violet , this is my uncle cole . ''
so showing up with violet is confusing him .
` ` just a friend , '' violet tells him , being very blase about the whole thing .
he points a finger at violet and me .
i shake my head as ryler glances over at violet , clearly hearing her , and my uncle chimes in .
` ` no , he just ca n't speak , '' he tells violet .
this makes him smile , the darkness in his expression briefly lights up as he signs something back , causing violet to laugh softly then shrug .
i want to ask her how she knows sign language but violet has had a very different upbringing from most , living with god knows how many families so i ' m guessing she picked it up somewhere along the line .
what i do n't like though is how ryler is looking at violet , like how i used to look at women when they showed up at games , with the intention of getting them on my lap and getting inside them later .
i want to add , ' my girlfriend , '' but that would probably result in me getting kicked in the balls from violet .
` ` it 's nice to meet you , ryler , '' violet says and i relax at the lack of interest in her tone .
he goes over to the fridge , gets three beers out , and offers violet and i one .
i oblige because i ' m never one to turn down a drink , but i ' m shocked when violet takes the drink she 's offered .
` ` i ' m so sorry , violet . ''
someone threatening violet like that is tearing me to shreds .
she 's crazy enough that if she 's somehow found out about violet , she would do it .
i should correct him that violet is n't mine , but as far as he 's concern she is .
yeah , violet comes off as tough and she 'll tell you the same , but i ' ve seen her break apart in my arms .
but i drop it and head upstairs to see if violet 's ready , but when i enter the room , i instantly wish i would have never came up here .
` ` violet ... '' she releases her hold on the towel , a unsteady breath escaping her lips as it falls from her body and onto the floor .
i ' m a taker not a giver , but enough people have stolen from violet that i want to give to her - i 'd give everything to her if i could .
i know violet 's not very sexually experienced and it makes me wonder if she 's ever done this before .
the night started that way , but the moment of elation being with violet quickly dissipates the moment we leave that room and i realize i ' m not nearly drunk enough for what lies ahead for the night .
for this very reason , i try to keep violet out of the loop of what the plans are , but the problem is the girl knows her shit .
we have the windows rolled down , but it still does n't help with the sweating factor , but part of that might be because i ' m in the backseat with violet , trying not to be so damn nervous about the entire situation .
` ` you would think so , '' violet says amused , the hot breeze flowing through the cab blows stray strands of her hair into her face .
cole asks , his gaze landing on me and i can tell he approves of violet , which would be just great except that she does n't approve of me .
` ` what can i say , i like to prepare myself , '' violet says , not moving away when i rest my shoulder against hers .
ryler rotates in his seat to look at us and signs something to violet , something amusing i ' m guessing with the way violet laughs and he smiles .
ryler rotates in his seat to look at us and signs something to violet , something amusing i ' m guessing with the way violet laughs and he smiles .
then violet shrugs again , not willing to divulge any of her past , something i ' m used to .
and i 'd hurt preston just as equally if not more for what he 's done to violet .
because i care about violet that much , in a way that i 'd ruin my own life if it meant she 'd have to carry less pain in hers .
i care about violet more than i care about myself .
` ` you 're not preston , '' violet interrupts my panicking thoughts , her hand covering the bruise on her leg .
chapter 10 violet let the f**ked up adrenaline addiction begin .
drunken violet is reckless , wild , impulsive .
she can easily get out of control , worse than sober violet .
i make my damn lips turn upward , forcing myself to suck it up - be tough violet .
hello world , meet drunken , smoker , violet .
it leaves me distracted enough to focus all of my attention on luke as a darkness in my chest starts to stir , drunken violet getting restless .
because i want to f**k the hell out of violet .
but it 's telling me that violet 's drunk and hurting , and that it almost seems like she 's trying to cover up her pain by doing reckless things she would n't necessarily do when she was sober .
` ` violet , relax . ''
` ` god dammit , violet , stop it . ''
` ` violet , look at me , '' i say in a soft but steady voice i ' m pretty sure i ' ve never , ever used before .
` ` i ' m so sorry , violet .
i choke on the idea of violet hurting herself .
it starts to make sense a little , bit by bit , piece by piece , how violet never can seem to comprehend danger , at least that 's what i thought .
chapter 12 violet .
` ` dammit , violet , '' he moans in my ear , nipping at my skin , teeth piercing the skin and making those butterflies flutter in my stomach again .
` ` what the hell , violet , '' he hisses in the phone .
` ` i ' m sure luke did n't mind , violet , '' greyson assures me .
` ` violet , i- '' i cut him off .
` ` violet , calm down , '' he says like it 's something so easy to do .
` ` violet , i have to ask about luke .
he hesitates then adds , ` ` and violet , just try to relax .
i was about in tears when i 'd finished reading it , but violet had woken up and i forced myself to pull it together .
that 's really up to violet and whether she 'll ever have me again .
through the insanity of my life , violet is the one sane thing i have , even if our relationship is insane itself .
i can barely remember the first time i ever had sex and all the times after are a blur until i met violet .
i ' ve never actually been with anyone more than once , including violet , but not because i used her and bailed like with the rest of the women i ' ve been with .
i want violet .
sure i ' ve thought about messing around , taking my mind off stuff , but going through with it was too hard and always thinking of violet would put an end to it before things ever got too far .
it seems like i have so much to do before that can ever be possible , but as i lie here looking at violet asleep in my arms , i want to do it more than anything .
i glance over my shoulder as violet stirs in the bed , then make my way over to the bathroom attached to the room and go inside so i do n't wake her up .
what happened between violet and i .
chapter 15 violet when i wake up , luke 's not in the bed and i have this strange moment where i flip out , not just because luke is n't there beside me but also over the way i wake up .
` ` violet , i ' m not sure how much you know about your parents , but back in the beginning of the case there were few suggestions that no one every really mentioned to you , simply because you were too young and honestly we did n't want it getting out to the public .
` ` violet , i 'd need to ask you some more questions about preston and what 's been going on while you ' ve been living there with him . ''
` ` well , i would suggest turning around and taking violet with you to stay somewhere just for a few days , '' he says .
` ` you need to talk to violet .
` ` thanks man , '' i 'd said then quickly had to hang up because violet had returned from the bathroom and i did n't want her to hear what i was doing and try to convince me otherwise .
` ` i ' m worried about her , '' i tell my dad as i go back into the kitchen after i ' ve taken violet to the guest bedroom and laid her in the bed .
but instead i find violet standing by the window , staring out at the street with her arms folded across her chest .
chapter 1 violet falling .
i miss being the strong , badass violet , but i do n't know how to bring her back .
i thought i had violet with the whole baby remark , but then something i said made her panic and suddenly she 's headed to get more drinks .
but what gets me through it , stops me from taking a sip , is reminding myself that i care for violet ; that i owe her everything after what my mother took from her .
i nod as , half listening , i scan the crowd for violet .
' hey , have you seen violet ? '
they know what 's going on in violet 's life enough to understand that not being able to find her is probably not the best thing .
and i do n't ever want to go back to my life before violet .
it 's here every night , parked near the curb , watching the place , thanks to preston and his need to continuously taunt violet with his texts and threats to kill her .
this put the police on high alert since preston is now a suspect for violet 's parents ' murders .
as i arrive at our apartment door , i ' m struggling to take out my keys without putting violet down , when i notice a box in front of the door .
at first i think it 's part of the mail , but then i lean down and notice that it 's addressed to violet hayes with no postage stamp , no return address , or even our address .
all that 's in there is a single photo , of violet .
in the picture , violet is only wearing a bra and panties .
the same guy who had a room full of pictures of violet , who sends her the threatening texts - preston .
' i ' m luke ... violet 's boyfriend ... ' i clear my throat , realizing we ' ve never even discussed what we are yet , but it feels right to say it .
he 's more a professional and he cares more about solving this case ' cares more about violet 's wellbeing .
it 'll be filled with violet 's screams .
chapter 3 violet i feel so small , hiding in the dark in the basement , listening to the sounds of voices that i ' m sure belong to monsters .
chapter 4 violet i ' m standing in the middle of dried up trees and grass , wilting rose bushes , and rows and rows of cracked tombstones .
not only is the stress of the box and the photo getting to me , but i ' m worried about violet , more than i already was .
i text violet to check on her and when she does n't respond i call her .
i still have n't given him an explanation yet , but that 's mainly because half that explanation belongs to violet and i ' m not going to tell her story without her permission .
i ' m not sure if he means it rudely or not , but i ' m kind of getting the feeling that he may think that a lot of my fuckups are connected to violet , which makes me a little defensive .
whether she did kill them or not , she was there that night and played some kind of part in the reason violet grew up with foster families .
but kayden does n't know that , so i guess his accusations toward violet are understandable .
me : look , there 's a lot of stuffu do n't know about violet and i. kayden : i figured , but i still worry man ... u seem a little off course lately , which is really fucking unlike u .
in fact , violet seems to be getting worse and worse , and it feels like i ' m just standing there watching her destroy her life ...
chapter 6 violet this is my last attempt to try and make the pain go away ; the last attempt to fill the void in my heart .
goes by the name of violet .
but i ' m flipping worried , not just about violet being drunk , but because she showed up at the diner with wet clothes and bruises .
it takes me half the usual time to get to the diner and by the time i get there , i ' m all jacked up on my own adrenaline , my mind racing with a ton of ideas of what violet was doing while i was at class .
i turn the corner and step out into the shelf area that 's tucked between the kitchen and the bar and find violet huddled in the corner with legs pulled to her chest .
not angry at her but at everyone else that helped destroy violet over the years .
i can hear someone in the kitchen , banging pots and pans around , but violet seems to not notice .
i think a year ago , i would n't have gave a shit , but now , with violet around , with someone that i care for needing me , it makes me want to get better .
chapter 8 violet when i open my eyes again i ' m tucked in my bed , the sunlight sparkling through the window , which means that i must have slept through at least a day .
' this is n't funny , violet . '
i do n't think that detective stephner would appreciate me being in there , though , so i make it easy for violet and tell her i 'll wait for her in the truck .
instantly my mind starts to race with thoughts of what 's going on inside , what i said to violet today , with what 's going to happen with us .
and how glad i am that i have violet .
then violet said something about how she was worried she 'd be alone and suddenly , the words sort of slipped out because i wanted her to understand that i would never leave her .
when my head feels like it 's on the verge of exploding , i decide to call my father to let him know what 's happening , figuring it 'll be a distraction from my obsessive need to analyze violet and mine 's relationship .
' they arrested her for ... for her involvement in violet 's parents ' murders . '
' i ' m sorry you have to go through this ... that you and violet have to go through this .
it has to be tough ... your mother ... her parents ... god , i ca n't even imagine how violet feels right now . '
i mean , handling violet being distant . '
' i told violet i love her . '
when i first realized i was in love with violet , it came out of nowhere .
unlike violet , i did hear it a lot from my mother while growing up , but it always felt wrong when she said it ... and the way she showed it .
' what did violet say after you told her ? '
honestly , i have n't thought about it a whole lot , but that might be because i ' ve been so focused on violet .
wish i knew that violet was okay and that seeing my mother was n't breaking her .
chapter 10 violet i ' ve never been a fan of police stations .
' because i need to talk to violet some more , but you 're the only one who she seems to listen to .
it sounded like violet 's and i wanted to run to her but the receptionist would n't let me back .
i could only breathe freely again when i see violet again .
then violet told me what my mother did and i expected her to leave me , walk out on me right there .
they are going to be questioning her , to try and find out who the other person was at violet 's house that night .
he kind of guides me back into the room as violet wanders out into the cubicle area , unaware that the detective has pulled me back .
i thought i 'd let you know , considering , ' he nods his head in violet 's direction .
i ' m about to pull out onto the street , when i notice violet is cradling her arm against her chest .
violet , school , my mother , violet , the case , violet , the game , violet .
violet , school , my mother , violet , the case , violet , the game , violet .
violet , school , my mother , violet , the case , violet , the game , violet .
violet , school , my mother , violet , the case , violet , the game , violet .
somehow a reporter or two found out that mira was my mother and that violet and i were dating and things went batshit crazy .
i ' ve wanted to punch one or two in the face , but have resisted the urge , even though it 's hard as hell , the need to protect violet always burning in me .
and violet comes home with a cast on the other day , but wo n't tell either of us how she broke her hand . '
it makes me feel restless inside and like i ' m losing control over my life and it makes me wonder if this is what violet feels when she does the dangerous things she does .
i grab another soda from the fridge and pop the top , my thoughts on violet who 's been in the shower , way too long come to think of it .
with that , i walk out of the room and into the hallway when i get to the bathroom , i open the door , glad violet did n't lock it .
i went to high school with daisy miller and she was a bitch like violet said , but everyone let her walk all over them , except for me , but i never took shit from anyone .
and neither does violet , so i ' m not surprised she reacted by ' accidentally ' hitting her with her casted arm .
my eyes are fixed on violet as i seal the curtain shut .
chapter 13 violet things have n't been that bad for the last couple of weeks and that 's saying something .
i ' m telling myself to put my walls up , be tough violet , because this is n't a safety zone - this is n't like the time i spend with luke .
i can tell i ' m not going to be able to be the hardcore violet with her and just fake smile through everything .
' all compliments and no negativity makes violet a glowing girl . '
chapter 14 violet ' i saw you , violet .
chapter 14 violet ' i saw you , violet .
' no ... it 's the police i think ... violet , go back to the room .
but then a very terrified violet wakes me from my sleep .
the sun is starting to rise and the light is shining through the window , making it feel a little safer , but i still have a hard time leaving violet in the bed alone , even if it 's just to answer the door .
it 's violet 's , the one that belonged to her parents and that she was confused about wearing or not .
to torture violet ?
when i get back to the room , violet is still sleep .
fuck , i ' m so angry and tense right now , i ' m about to ram a my fist through the wall just to make myself feel better , but then violet scoots closer to me and it reminds me that i ' ve got to be more stable than that right now .
chapter 16 violet the next day i wake up from the strangest nightmare , if you can even call it that .
' i 's okay , violet my baby girl .
' just tell him he can hang with violet , ' he says to greyson .
chapter 17 violet ' oh my god , i think i ' m going to die . '
' oh just watching violet touch herself , ' seth answers amusedly .
' luke told violet he loves her , ' seth announces and i shoot him a dirty glare as he slaps his hand over his mouth .
' hey , violet . '
i ' m about to bail , figuring i 'll let them do their thing and i can go do mine when greyson says , ' callie , you should show violet some of your kickboxing moves .
i feel like the real violet .
when violet and i went to their house , it was to hideout .
yeah , my dad and i talked and everything , but most of my time was spent on taking care of violet .
when i pull up to the curb , park and get out , he comes up and gives me this awkward hug while violet helps trevor put the suitcases in the trunk .
i give violet 's hand a squeeze .
i 'd always thought things would have been better if i 'd never been hugged , but violet is contradicting this theory .
' violet , we 're not going to- ' ' light 's green , ' she interrupts , waving me forward while the person behind me honks their horn .
as soon as i park the car under the carport , violet opens the door and hops out .
plus , violet tends to scare other girls with her i - don't - give - a - shit attitude .
it pisses me off , thinking about it , makes my blood curl , especially when violet gives me that look , the one that lets me know she 's suddenly been reminded of everything and that it 's secretly terrifying her .
chapter 19 violet it seems like the last few conversations between luke and i feel more like therapy sessions .
' to luke and violet , ' luke 's father says .
' so tell me violet , in your opinion , is there really a non - cliche way to propose ? '
chapter 20 luke after kissing violet for ten minutes , we finally part when seth bangs on the door and tells us it 's time to go .
i had to step into the bathroom - i was so shocked - and i did n't want violet hearing either .
and then there 's violet and her reaction to trevor 's question about marriage and how she made it clear that she was against it and for some crazy ass reason that got under my skin - not sure why the fuck it did , but it did .
it makes it easier to stay away from it and i have a good distraction - violet and her god damn leather dress .
the music 's good too for the most part , plus it 's nice to hang out with kayden , callie , seth , greyson and violet all at one time .
violet would blend in with the darkness , but seth , callie and her decided to take this weird lipstick - looking thing and draw all over the skin showing , which means violet is glowing with designs and patterns on almost every inch of her body .
violet would blend in with the darkness , but seth , callie and her decided to take this weird lipstick - looking thing and draw all over the skin showing , which means violet is glowing with designs and patterns on almost every inch of her body .
she whirls toward the dancing area and i feel this instantaneous urge to follow her , remembering how sexy violet is when she dances .
' yeah , if violet 's ready to go ... then okay . '
i ' m halfway there when i spot violet in center of the crowd .
kayden and callie bail out pretty early , while greyson and seth stick around with violet and i .
i hear greyson clear his throat from somewhere behind us , but i disregard him as my hand travels up violet 's thigh to the bottom of her dress .
this is the freest violet and i have ever been .
so i keep my undying and eternally devoted thoughts to myself and go back to kissing violet in the backseat , glad with the choices i made tonight .
chapter 21 violet he 's all over me , his hands touching every inch on my body , his lips struggling not to follow since we 're in the back of a car with seth and greyson in the front seat .
run , violet , run !
after i ' m fully awake , i roll onto my side and spot violet sitting on the floor wearing one of my t - shirts , her hair in messy bun .
i always here violet wake up , her gasping ritual too loud to sleep through .
an emotional violet usually means instability and the risk of her doing something to herself , but i need to figure out what 's going on , how i can help take the pain away .
chapter 23 violet luke is nervous before the game and i find it adorable .
deep breathes , violet .
' the police will find him , violet . '
' you 're a strong girl , violet hayes , ' he tells me , not really answering my question .
' but violet , i want you to go home and wait to hear from me okay ?
' promise me , violet .
' dammit , violet , just listen for once , okay ? '
' what the hell else would i say , violet . '
and violet .
then the thing with preston happened and i ' m trying not to get too worked up about it , but if they manage to catch him , then there would be this huge opening for violet and i to have a semi - normal life , maybe .
i grab two sodas from the fridge then head over to violet .
but hearing it from violet 's lips , seeing that look in her eyes , the one i ' ve never seen from anyone , is so different .
chapter 25 violet so this is what making love feels like ?
chapter 26 one month later ... . violet ' are you sure this is a good idea ? '
two hours , five eagles songs , and one ' songs that remind me of violet ' mixed tape later , we 're pulling up to the cemetery i ' ve been dreading coming to .
i tuck my journal underneath my pillow and get off the bed and to my feet , smoothing out the creases in my violet and black striped shirt .
' you guys have been together way longer than greyson and me , or luke and violet . '
and seth wants me to go to a halloween concert thingy with greyson , him , luke , and violet .
we 'd actually taken violet , luke 's girlfriend , to pick out her costume , although hers was a lot different from mine and honestly , the girl looked like she belonged in the store .
' i borrowed it from violet . '
when i first met violet , i thought she was mean .
we ' ve been dancing for a while - seth , greyson , violet , and me .
it makes me a little sad that kayden 's not out here with me , but i do n't have time to wallow when violet decides she 's going to teach me to dance per seth 's suggestion .
' sure you can , ' violet says with an encouraging smile that looks foreign on her because she hardly ever smiles .
i think he saves it for his girlfriend , violet , just like i do with callie .
he stuffs his hands into his pockets and then grins as he spots violet leaning against a post not too far from us .
maybe luke and violet could come hang . '
' it might be nice now that you and violet are getting along . '
plus , luke and violet are there . '
' so you , luke , violet , and jackson are all going to hang out ? '
right as he says it , violet climbs out of the passenger side .
' well , are n't you just a gentleman , ' violet says sarcastically to my brother , unimpressed .
i ' m surprised by how easy he lets it go and i turn to luke and violet , reaching into my coat pocket to get my own gloves .
luke and violet are sprawled out on the floor , cheeks red and looking as exhausted as i feel .
she 's sitting between violet and her brother , and motions for violet to let her out .
she 's sitting between violet and her brother , and motions for violet to let her out .
grateful for callie , my brother , liz , luke , violet , seth , greyson , and even my coach .
of course violet would think she could use an incident like that as a popularity advantage at her school .
` ` i guess getting something to eat is off then , '' violet said from the back seat .
i ' ve known for a long time , and so has violet . ''
` ` me and violet talked about telling you .
her eyes were a bright violet in her tan , wrinkled face .
grandma frost stared at me , her violet eyes taking on an empty , glassy look .
mom would tell me about her day , her violet eyes a little sad , but i was always able to make her laugh and banish the shadows that cloaked her face .
it was a curious shade , somewhere between purple and gray - that same soft violet color that my mom always teasingly claimed my eyes were .
it matched the iron - gray color of her thick hair , although her eyes were a bright violet in her wrinkled face - the same violet that mine were .
it matched the iron - gray color of her thick hair , although her eyes were a bright violet in her wrinkled face - the same violet that mine were .
after a second , her violet eyes took on an empty , glassy look , like she was staring at something very far away , and i felt this presence stir in the air around her - something old , watchful , and knowing .
wet , wavy brown hair , a few freckles on my winter - white skin , and eyes that were a strange shade of violet .
my brown hair was matted and snarled , my clothes were ripped , and black smudges of exhaustion ringed my haunted violet eyes .
you might look twice at my eyes , which were an unusual shade of violet , but the only thing special about me was the necklace i wore .
she wore a black pantsuit with her usual black shoes , and she 'd tied a violet scarf around her throat and another one in her hair .
for a moment , a blank look filled her violet eyes , and i knew she was talking about logan and how it might already be too late to save him .
a crown of silver laurels rested on top of her bronze hair , but it was her eyes that always fascinated me the most - eyes that were a swirling mix of violet and gray , silver and lavender , and all the other soft shades of twilight .
daphne looked at me in the mirror , her black eyes finally meeting my violet ones .
all i could do was stand there , clutching the candle , and let the intense rush of power wash over me again and again , each wave a little hotter and brighter than the one before , and sweeping more and more of me away with it , as though the violet spark at the center of my being was melting like the white wax of the candle should have been .
her violet eyes grew glassy , and i felt that old , knowing , watchful force stir in the air around her .
i did n't know , but grandma raised her chin in defiance and met his hateful , two - toned gaze with her own steely violet one .
vivan whipped around to me , her golden gaze locking with my violet one , and i felt a sharp , sudden , stabbing pain in my head , as though a pair of fingers were digging into my skull .
the silk scarf was a beautiful swirl of gray and violet , like petals mixed together , with a few bright silver coins hanging off the edges .
ken reached over and slid out a violet colored , fabric book .
done in various shades of violet , from the fabric seats to the walls , it was decorated in trendy glass , mirrors , and lights to give it a fresh feel .
i ' m the one who suggested deep violet and gold for the color theme . ''
when the apartment had been emptied out , isabella , together with marge from the cafe , harriet stokes , proprietor of stokes 's grocery , and the innkeepers , violet and patty , scrubbed the place from top to bottom .
the secondhand sofa and the end table were courtesy of violet and patty .
the proprietors of the inn , violet and patty , were also present .
as was the custom , violet and patty walked over from the inn to join them .
` ` bring the clothes back here , '' violet called after her .
` ` oh , my , '' violet said in prayerful tones .
` ` we came for a full report , '' violet announced .
marge , violet and patty exchanged looks .
` ` gee , '' violet said .
she looked at patty and violet .
` ` he 's probably at the hot springs , '' violet said .
` ` expect she 's over at the cafe having coffee with marge and violet and patty .
when he yanked open the door , marge , violet and patty stared at him .
he was dimly aware of marge , violet and patty following him .
yellow , blue , violet , yellow , blue , violet .
yellow , blue , violet , yellow , blue , violet .
in the blaze of petals and scent - rose , violet , rosemary , forget - me - not - misty reached out and latched her hand around dougal 's wrist .
in the center , twelve bright colors formed the inner core : first , the primary shades of red , orange , yellow , green , blue , and violet .
iona smelled it , liquid chocolate with candied violet inside .
chapter twenty darkness , chocolate , smoothly bitter like coffee slid over iona 's tongue , followed by the bright sweetness of the violet .
i will concede mauve or violet for you , ainsley , but never lavender . ''
ainsley kept her gaze on her embroidery , blue violets on a cream background .
eleanor wiped her eyes and thrust the violet into her pocket .
a violet , high - waisted number should have been flattering , but it was n't .
as the man called daniel mackenzie came around the table and boldly stepped next to violet , her breath stopped .
and yet , every inch of violet 's flesh tingled at his nearness , every breath threatened to choke her .
old terror stirred , but violet pushed it down .
daniel 's gaze fixed on violet over her hand , challenging , daring .
within a few moments of studying a man , violet could understand what he loved and what he hated , what he wanted with all his heart and what he 'd do to get it .
shaking , violet laid her hands flat on the table , trying to use its cool surface to calm herself .
mr . mackenzie sat down beside violet and looked her in the eye .
daniel kept his gaze on violet .
chapter 2 the flash of disappointment in daniel 's eyes stung violet .
plenty of people did n't believe in spiritualism and scoffed at what violet and her mother did .
just as well , violet 's inner voice drawled .
the flicker was brief and instantly gone , but violet had seen it .
` ` perhaps that would not be for the best , '' violet said quickly .
violet gave him a sweet smile .
` ` i do n't need second sight to read the newspapers , '' violet said .
violet also knew that a young woman moaning , perspiring , and letting her bosom move with her panting froze gentlemen into place .
the concern in his words sent a shock through violet , and her eyes popped open .
a moment ago , violet had prided herself on being able to handle a roomful of unruly gentlemen .
` ` no , we wo n't , '' daniel said , still looking at violet .
mr . mackenzie returned his hands behind his head and lay full - length on violet 's floor , relaxed and confident .
` ` the consultation is over , mr . mackenzie , '' violet said , keeping her voice brisk and businesslike .
his kilt fell modestly over his knees , but not before violet caught a glimpse of the strong thighs beneath .
she 's seven years old , the bonniest lass you ever saw , and the mischief she can get herself - and me - into ... '' mr . mackenzie shook his head , his look so fond that it pulled at violet even as it surprised her .
a man like mackenzie would throw things like infectious laughter and an adorable little sister at her to get under violet 's defenses .
daniel did n't guide her upward - he pulled hard , lifting violet nearly off her feet .
daniel had a solid grip on violet 's arm , strong enough that she could n't tug away and scorn him with a freezing glance .
and violet was so cold .
daniel held the cigarette loosely , and the smoke curled around violet as though trying to pull her into an embrace with him .
daniel 's face was hard , but not as hard as that of his father , or at least what violet had seen of his father in the newspapers .
without releasing violet , he took another pull then offered the cigarette to her .
she knew that some scandalous women smoked alongside their lovers , but violet had never formed a taste for it .
the thought of those giggling , perfect young debs with their soft fingers and no worries in their spoiled little heads made violet almost snatch the cigarette from him .
time for a biting quip , the wit violet had learned that put a forward gentleman into his place .
but violet 's heart pounded , and she could n't move .
lady amber had tried to help violet become right again , but violet had long ago faced the sad fact that she never could be .
lady amber had tried to help violet become right again , but violet had long ago faced the sad fact that she never could be .
daniel touched fingers to violet 's chin , the caress so gentle her knees threatened to buckle .
he moved fast , his long stride carrying him down the stairs before violet could catch him .
daniel had the machine unhooked and out of its slot in two minutes - it had taken violet an entire day to put it in .
his gaze held interest , a focus more intent than violet had seen in him since he 'd entered the house .
daniel held in his hand evidence of violet 's fraud , the fact that she took money from people and pretended she brought forth spirits in return .
` ` no , '' violet said quickly .
daniel looked at the device with a kind of hunger violet had seen men reserve for courtesans .
violet had n't seen such a person in the dining room , only mortimer 's friends , fair flowers of the english aristocracy .
daniel leaned forward a little , taking all the space around violet .
a smile replaced his scowl so quickly that violet blinked .
the next moment , violet found her back to the colorful wallpaper , daniel an inch away from her , his touch on her face .
black spots spun before violet 's eyes .
sixteen - year - old violet screamed and beat on her attacker .
it was a voice violet wanted to reach , one that meant safety , but waves of panic poured over her and would n't let her free .
mr . mackenzie , blood on his face , stared at violet with a stunned expression .
the vase slipped from violet 's numb fingers and shattered next to him .
but violet could n't think .
mary waited to be commanded , because violet always knew what to do .
if she claimed she 'd struck out in fear , that daniel had attacked her , violet would be blamed for putting herself into his power in the first place .
` ` help me get him into the cart , '' violet said quickly .
if they did connect it , then violet , her mother , and mary would n't be here to answer awkward questions .
at least violet 's mother , upstairs in her laudanum slumber , was truly innocent of everything .
the next hour was one of the most harried of violet 's life .
mary and violet looked at each other over it .
but if constables caught up to them , and violet had all mr . mackenzie 's money , her claim of hitting him in her own defense went out the window .
and violet would need the money to buy tickets .
mr . mackenzie still lay motionlessly on the cart when violet went out into the tiny yard behind the house to wheel him away .
the shapes in the cart violet pushed would be several small upright lumps , not the horizontal form of a man .
he was a kindhearted man , violet had come to know , often looking after people in the neighborhood for no charge .
in the shadows of the silent house , violet pulled back the sacks and rolled mr . mackenzie from the cart .
as his body landed on the cobblestones , violet choked back a sob .
he 'd kissed her , because he 'd known violet was n't a respectable lady , but at the same time he 'd been tender , not demanding .
tears filled her eyes , and violet tried to banish them .
wiping her eyes , violet climbed to her feet , restored the sacks to the cart , and pushed it away , her stomach roiling .
instead violet invented the story that mr . mortimer had come here tonight to make trouble about the rent , and had thrown them out .
` ` i still do not understand why you insisted we leave london , violet .
` ` i know , '' violet said .
` ` to attract punters , '' violet explained patiently .
whatever violet thought of jacobi now , he had understood the importance of showmanship .
i rely on you , dear violet . ''
any thought that violet would leave her - to travel , to be a wife , to do anything - was met with terror and weeping .
celine needed her violet .
for the most part , though , violet was avoiding english newspapers , to preserve the fiction that she and celine spoke little english .
the story for the stage violet had wrought was that celine - now countess melikova , a widow - had been forced to flee russia when her gift for clairvoyance was deemed too dangerous .
he 'd discovered violet 's secrets , but instead of being outraged and exposing her , he 'd laughed and been interested .
and the kisses ... violet remembered the smoke on daniel 's breath , the touch of his lips .
in the new scenario , her hand would never have landed on the vase , and she 'd not have swung it , not seen his blood ... violet had left him on a doorstep like unwanted trash .
a man , a human being , and violet had left him alone , ready pickings for any thief .
they 'd learn that mr . mackenzie had been to the house violet and her mother rented .
as always , violet had done what she 'd had to do .
that was violet 's life .
next to celine was a table holding an empty glass and a pitcher of water , and violet was walking to the table as the curtain opened .
in the advertising for the show - and the word of mouth mary had begun - it was hinted that violet must keep her face hidden , because one glimpse of her incredible beauty drove even the calmest gentleman insane .
the chandeliers above the audience had been dimmed , and gaslights glowed at the edge of the stage , illuminating violet and her mother .
as usual , only a few hands went up at first , one or two hopeful , one or two from gentlemen obviously out to catch violet and her mother in a trick .
` ` it is difficult , i know , '' violet said , twisting her french to sound as though someone from saint petersburg spoke it .
` ` he was so very far away , '' violet said .
the woman 's face crumpled , and violet 's heart ached for her .
there were those who claimed violet and her mother played upon the grieving to take their money , and violet did n't always disagree , but at the same time , she knew that what she and her mother did brought some comfort .
not natural , violet thought with anger .
celine remained silent until violet turned and said to celine in her halting accent , ` ` she wishes to know whether this is her son . ''
the hope in the woman 's voice broke violet 's heart .
they needed this , violet had realized long ago .
religious leaders or social rules could not let some people find comfort or relieve guilt , and so they came to violet 's mother , who gave them what they sought .
celine congratulated herself on her gift , and violet had long ago decided to go along with it .
his gaze pinned violet into place , and though he did n't smile , the twinkle in his dark amber eyes held impudence .
daniel regarded violet with eyes full of mischief , the sparkle in them rivaling the brightest of the glowing balls above them .
daniel 's back was to the audience , and he did n't hide his amusement when he flicked his gaze to violet 's mother .
daniel winked up at violet , then he patted the edge of the stage , turned from it , and strolled away , his kilt moving over his backside .
daniel folded his arms , watching violet , his grin in place .
at any moment , violet expected daniel to stand up and declare the whole night to be nothing but flummery , that the audience should demand their money back and never trust violet and those like her again .
at any moment , violet expected daniel to stand up and declare the whole night to be nothing but flummery , that the audience should demand their money back and never trust violet and those like her again .
he 'd tell them what violet had done to him in london , and that he 'd come here with magistrates to cart her off to prison .
but daniel only watched as violet talked to petitioners until her throat was dry , her ability to evaluate them evaporating .
then violet stepped out in front of the red velvet , her legs shaking .
i must ... '' violet broke off and scurried back through the curtains .
mr . mackenzie was alive , and here , unless violet , in her overwrought state , had dreamed him .
daniel had not seen celine at the london house , and violet was always careful to never have their likenesses printed anywhere .
or perhaps to blackmail violet for his silence ?
` ` please , may we go home , violet ?
and if daniel lingered with constables to arrest violet for assaulting him , her mother might have a chance to get away .
those words came often out of celine 's mouth , in her weary tone , but violet knew she meant them .
daniel touched a dark curl that fell over violet 's cheek .
` ` it 's violet , '' she said in a firm voice .
none paid any attention to daniel and violet , except for a glance at daniel 's mackenzie plaid kilt .
i did n't know you would be here - i thought you were ... '' violet faltered , her fingers tightening on his arm .
` ` violet , sweet love , the gossip about my family and my crazy mum is common knowledge .
` ` you 're saying my mother 's a fraud , '' violet said stiffly .
daniel felt violet 's trembling , and he also felt her draw herself up , trying to master herself .
` ` thank you , '' violet said , stopping .
at the same time , violet walked out of the boardinghouse again .
therefore , daniel knew exactly how to weave through the streets to reach the main avenue before violet did .
violet easily smelled the scents that clung to him - smoke , the remnants of whiskey , the musk of himself under his wool coat .
violet was curious now as to what he was building , and how he just happened to have a friend with a workshop twenty miles down the coast from where violet was staying .
violet was curious now as to what he was building , and how he just happened to have a friend with a workshop twenty miles down the coast from where violet was staying .
` ` i ca n't , '' violet said flatly as she strode along .
if violet went somewhere with this man alone , he could take her anywhere , do anything to her , and violet could do nothing about it .
if violet went somewhere with this man alone , he could take her anywhere , do anything to her , and violet could do nothing about it .
as though violet could throw everything to the wind and run off with him , instead of stay in the boardinghouse looking after her mother , doing the accounts , paying the bills , setting appointments .
the woman violet had become advised caution .
the offhand way he spoke about violet interacting with his family - his wealthy , powerful , untouchable family - unnerved her .
as far as violet was able to make out , daniel was a man who lived as he pleased , did what he wanted , then moved on to his next interest , next town , next woman .
the likelihood of violet meeting his pampered little sister and brother was so small she did n't bother to answer the suggestion .
if violet leaned into his tall body , she 'd just fit under his chin .
the image of him holding her was so palpable that when daniel removed his touch from her face , violet was startled to find herself standing a foot away from him .
even though he was n't touching her , violet could n't move until he released her .
the foyer was bone cold , but violet was still hot from daniel 's touch .
once inside her bedroom , in their little suite of rooms , violet moved to the front window and lifted the curtain to look out .
he saw violet , broke into his smile , and gave her a lazy salute .
he 'd had to talk swiftly to be admitted at all , but finally the landlady agreed that violet could speak to him in the parlor , if they kept the door open , and he departed right away .
giving the far door a hard look , violet moved to daniel , who had sprung to his feet .
for a moment violet the careful woman vanished , as did the violet who used blunt rejoinders to keep those who might hurt her at bay .
daniel liked this violet , curious and interested .
a day spent in violet 's company , with the opportunity to peel away her layers and find out all about her , was not to be lost .
the next thing violet knew , daniel was leading her out of the house , past the interested ladies who 'd stuck their heads out of the next room to watch them go .
but he 'd thought violet would appreciate the soft seats of first class today .
the box rested next to violet , she not wanting to put it on the rack above .
the man laughed with daniel , slapped the horse on the rump , and said in a dialect so thick violet barely understood him , ` ` tell dupuis , that old bastard , that i said he owes me money . ''
there was no other seat but the driver 's , and violet was squeezed tightly against daniel 's side .
` ` your stepmother was a lady - in - waiting to the queen of england , '' violet said in a rather bewildered voice .
while violet stood aside and simon returned to help the other man carry the basket , daniel deftly unhitched the cart .
he emerged from the stall , took violet 's box from the cart as he passed it , then led her out to follow simon .
` ` in good weather , '' violet said , looking up at the relatively clear sky .
daniel climbed into the basket and lifted violet 's wind machine out of its box .
he looked down at violet .
simon boosted her into the basket , and not long after , violet was working with daniel , her gloves off , helping him integrate her wind machine with his engine .
` ` it 's useless without a generator , '' violet pointed out as daniel started connecting wires and tubes from her wind machine to his engine on the platform .
he advised violet to step to the other side of the basket , then he gave the crankshaft a sharp heave .
violet protested , but the men dropped the last of the lines , and the balloon climbed into the sky , taking violet right along with it .
violet protested , but the men dropped the last of the lines , and the balloon climbed into the sky , taking violet right along with it .
chapter 10 violet grabbed the nearest rope , her heart in her throat as daniel gave the engine one last crank .
the balloon lifted violet above it all .
` ` my father 's family is french , '' violet said .
daniel 's arm tightened around violet 's waist , his breath in her ear .
the wind dragged violet 's question away .
daniel eased his lips across hers , brushing , touching , the tiny contact sending more fire through violet than his burner sent upward to keep them aloft .
nothing existed but daniel holding violet , his lips playing with hers , the flicker of his tongue into her mouth .
as in the upstairs room when he 'd tasted the smoke on her tongue , violet experienced a jolt of heat , sweet excitement , and no panic .
with his eyes so close to hers , she knew daniel saw the lie - that violet knew exactly why she 'd panicked but did n't want to explain .
when daniel had pinned her to the wall , violet had struck out as she had all those years ago .
and yet ... if it could be only daniel and herself , floating forever , the troubles of the world left on the rocky slopes below them , violet could find happiness .
for answer , violet rose on her tiptoes and kissed his lips .
` ` it is only a kiss , '' violet said .
` ` i think i can remember right from left , '' violet answered shakily and started to wrap the ropes around her hands .
a larger flame jumped from the top of the open box , the basket tipped , and violet let out another yelp .
at one time in her life , violet would have welcomed death .
laughing , he caught violet in his arms , lifting her from her feet and kissing her .
the word came out a croak , violet unable to think of anything else to say .
he whooped again , and violet laughed .
no one in the wide world knew where violet was at this moment .
though she 'd told mary she was accompanying mr . mackenzie to a village outside marseille , violet had not known daniel would take her aboard this wonderful machine and off into spaces unknown .
when daniel turned and looked at her , violet wished the moment could be suspended in time .
he studied her as though he liked looking at violet , for herself , as though nothing in the world mattered to him but her and this moment .
daniel moved through life expecting it to get out of his way , while violet frantically scrambled to survive .
he yanked on the steering ropes some more , then finally let go of everything and slammed his arms around violet from behind , grabbing the basket on either side of her .
daniel 's hands around violet whitened with his grip .
it would stop , violet reasoned .
daniel 's curses changed to one long yell , violet 's joining his .
daniel shoved violet to the bottom of the basket and landed on top of her , curving his body over hers .
daniel brushed tangled hair from violet 's face , heart beating swiftly in alarm .
he could have left violet alone , borrowed the wind machine and not insisted she come with him , but no .
he 'd wanted violet to throw her arms around him and exclaim how wonderful he was to be able to pilot a balloon .
daniel swallowed the need that had been maddening him and concentrated on making sure violet was whole .
` ` he 'll understand if he 's such a great friend of yours , '' violet said .
the basket listed alarmingly , his weight and violet 's together the only thing keeping it level .
if daniel climbed out , the basket would tip over , and violet would fall .
` ` we both go at the same time , '' violet said .
` ` i 'll lower you down a bit , '' he said to violet .
he wrapped his other arm around violet and lifted her to the lip of the basket .
` ` one , two , three ... '' violet let out a cry as the basket tipped , but daniel had climbed into the branches above her , holding fast to the tree and to her rope at the same .
the basket went all the way over , sending down counterweights , the engine , and violet 's wind machine , as well as extra ropes and daniel 's coat .
slowly , slowly violet picked her way down .
a woodsman of burly peasant stock climbed a homemade ladder to meet her , catching violet around her waist and carrying her down with him .
not until violet 's feet touched solid earth did daniel relax in relief .
by the time he reached the ground , the men had unwound the rope from violet , and she was shivering .
he felt violet start slightly at the word wife , but they were deep in the countryside , and the locals might behave better if they thought daniel and violet man and wife and not a man and his fancy lady .
daniel gave violet a smile and squeezed her hand .
the men who walked violet to the village were respectful if taciturn .
the last time violet had stayed in a village like this - stranded when they 'd been traveling in a torrential rain - celine had begun having visions .
the innkeeper 's wife had not liked this , declaring that violet , her mother , and mary were romany witches and not welcome .
how different to walk into an inn and have the innkeeper 's wife welcome violet with a smile , telling her she 'd make up the best bedroom while violet waited by the fire in the parlor .
how different to walk into an inn and have the innkeeper 's wife welcome violet with a smile , telling her she 'd make up the best bedroom while violet waited by the fire in the parlor .
the innkeeper brought violet warm wine , and prepared a cup for daniel to await his arrival .
daniel was swapping jokes with them - a few of them off - color , violet could hear - all laughing like old friends .
the odor of hot food made violet 's stomach growl in longing .
violet watched mutely from her place on the sofa .
violet rose and hung daniel 's coat on a hook on the wall , running her hands over it until the last possible minute .
daniel waited until violet sat down at the table before he took the seat closest to hers and started dishing out the food .
` ` you ' ve landed on your feet , '' violet said .
` ` you were right about the weather changing , '' violet said .
the innkeeper 's wife entered again before violet could think of a reply .
here was another difference between violet 's life and daniel 's .
these people seemed kind and caring , but violet knew that if she 'd arrived alone , without daniel with his charm and wealth , they would have regarded her with deep suspicion .
` ` that decides it , '' violet echoed .
and the inn was a bit away from the railway , violet finished silently , and those with money took the fast trains from paris to the coast .
still chattering , the innkeeper 's wife unbuttoned and unlaced violet 's dress and petticoats , helped her out of her corset , and slid the warmed and pressed nightgown over her head .
he came to pour himself a cup of the coffee , which put him close to violet .
the heat of him slid through violet 's blanket and made her draw herself closer .
` ` the innkeeper 's wife brought a nightshirt for you , '' violet said , clutching her cup .
the thought of daniel peeling off his clothes while she lay in bed made violet nearly swallow her tongue .
chapter 12 violet peered over the top of the covers in alarm .
daniel climbed up the other side of the bed and slid under the covers while violet stared at him , the quilt clutched to her chest .
just daniel 's warmth between violet and the rest of the world .
for a little while , violet could pretend she was daniel 's , that he loved and cherished her , that today was only a small part of a long life of happiness .
the courtesans at the very expensive houses daniel visited to keep his needs at bay would laugh if they knew he kept an arm 's length between himself and violet .
not for anything he 'd done , he 'd come to understand , but because violet had been hurt by someone else .
he wanted to squeeze himself and relieve the pressure , but he knew that if violet woke to daniel stroking himself off beside her , she 'd be as terrified as she 'd been in london , and likely even more disgusted .
he liked the way violet had looked at him today , as though everything he did pleased her .
she was no wilting violet , his violet .
violet rose beside him like a goddess , her dark hair tumbling , her blue eyes picking up the fire 's glow .
he was asleep , one large leg shoved between hers , violet spooned back against his chest .
daniel closed his eyes as he cupped violet 's breast in his work - worn palm .
a point between violet 's legs burned .
daniel left violet to ready herself while he led the two men and some villagers back to the woods to wrest the basket from the trees and load it onto the cart .
the morning was fine and crisp , the sunshine bright , but that could n't make up for the fact that daniel had to leave his warm nest with violet and return to everyday life .
the machine belonged to violet .
when daniel made violet his permanent lover , she 'd understand that she would be treated better than the false princess ivanova ever could have been .
he said nothing about violet 's assumption he 'd leave her to find her own way back to town , and violet offered no explanation .
he said nothing about violet 's assumption he 'd leave her to find her own way back to town , and violet offered no explanation .
daniel loved how comfortable he felt with violet .
daniel had the feeling that winning violet 's trust would be one of the most difficult things he ever did .
he liked how violet 's eyes lighted with interest when he talked about mass - to - speed ratios and pumps to cool the powerful engine .
dupuis offered them a bed for the night , but violet was adamant she return to marseille and her mother .
daniel thanked dupuis , accepted the basket of dinner dupuis ' housekeeper fixed for them , and drove violet and simon back to the train station .
simon joined violet and daniel in the first - class train compartment , all three eating hungrily of the crusty bread , cheese , meat , and wine dupuis had given them .
then violet , worn out from their adventures , fell asleep against daniel 's shoulder .
he looked down at violet 's dark hair snaking across his coat , her flushed cheek , her dusky red lips parted in sleep .
what he had with violet he wanted to last a long , long time .
for now , having the soft weight of violet 's head on his shoulder was fine .
daniel hated to wake her as the train slid into marseille , but violet blinked as they came to a halt .
they disembarked , and daniel hired a cab to take them the short way to violet 's boardinghouse .
daniel should be taking violet to his hotel , moving them to a sumptuous suite , keeping her there with him .
he took violet 's hand in a friendly handshake then remained holding it , not letting go .
` ` good night , '' violet returned and finally disappeared inside .
daniel gazed up at the window in which he 'd seen violet before .
daniel raised his hand , and violet returned the wave , hers graceful .
he took off his hat , blew violet a dramatic kiss , jumped onto the step of the coach , and told the driver to go .
not that violet was finished with it .
as the afternoon wore on , violet made herself stop pacing , sit down , and have tea .
` ` ah , violet , darling , there you are . ''
` ` oh , '' violet said .
monsieur lanier had sent a letter to the concert hall , which mary had collected the morning daniel had whisked violet away .
monsieur lanier had offered to send his private coach , but violet negated that idea , much to celine 's disappointment .
they must go by hired coach , violet said .
the hired coach stopped at the doorstep of monsieur lanier 's house precisely at eight , and violet and celine were ushered inside .
celine took her place at the head of the table , and violet , garbed in her peach gown and the dark veils , stood a little behind her left shoulder .
when violet used the effects , they always got paid .
coralie nodded and dropped a locket into violet 's gloved hands .
the trouble was , the taste made violet crave the feast all the more .
once the room had dimmed , violet lit the candles in the silver candelabra they 'd brought with them .
while celine sat still , preparing for her trance , violet 's thoughts wandered .
or planning to move on to nice and cannes , or monte carlo , where the lovely young butterflies in the casino would touch their fingers to his arm , and smile at him , and entice ... violet 's heart stung , and her foot slipped .
in the pause , violet gently moved the drum and pedal back under her skirts .
` ` you , '' madame lanier snapped at violet .
an empty bottle that had contained the phosphor - luminescent paint was all violet had in her pocket .
before violet could decide whether to risk showing the empty , unlabeled bottle , her mother 's voice rose to a shriek .
as several footmen , two maids , and mary tumbled in , violet retrieved her pedal and drum and concealed them in her box .
while the attention was around her , violet stepped back into the dining room , wiped the remains of phosphorus paint from the walls , and stuffed the handkerchief into her pocket .
monsieur lanier kept the door open , and stood looking at violet without asking her to sit down .
before violet could evade him , he deftly caught and threw back the veils .
violet swung away and made for the door , but monsieur lanier got ahead of her , cutting her off and closing the door before violet could reach it .
` ` you are too kind , monsieur , '' violet said , pretending shyness .
the bundle was pleasantly thick , but violet , who could count notes faster than a bookmaker at a racetrack , knew it was still only about one - quarter their usual fee .
monsieur lanier pressed the money into violet 's hand , closing her fingers around it .
the shape and size of the little climbing roses fixed in violet 's mind , the loops of the vines becoming a mesmerizing pattern .
monsieur lanier released one of violet 's wrists so he could squeeze her breast , hard .
be a good princess ... '' he said more , but his words were lost as violet 's fear came .
a shove on her back , and violet staggered out into the street .
the coach taking her mother home had long gone , but violet did n't worry too much .
but it had n't , thanks to violet insisting on not using monsieur lanier 's private conveyance .
so cozy and intimate they 'd been , daniel shaving without embarrassment while violet breakfasted a few feet away .
a knot of young men and women stood near the entrance of one of the restaurants , either coming out or going in , violet could n't say .
daniel helped the red - haired woman up into his carriage with the same gallantry he 'd used to assist violet .
the other men and women swarmed into the rest of the carriages , but violet scarcely noted them .
violet remained in place until they 'd rumbled well away .
before meeting violet , daniel would have happily dallied the night away with one or two of them , wallowing in a warm bed and all kinds of debauchery .
but now daniel had met violet .
not after violet .
he 'd tried to call on her earlier this evening , but the prim landlady had informed him violet and her mother had gone out .
daniel contrasted this with the glowing excitement in violet 's as they 'd soared across the countryside .
` ` miss , '' mary said , coming into violet 's darkened room where she lay in bed .
this morning violet had lapsed into a stupor that was not quite sleep , leaving her groggy and unwilling to rise .
that meant violet dressing up as a romany and sitting at a table for hours , telling giggling young women they 'd marry tall , handsome men and have many prosperous children .
violet had a knack for palm reading , so any call for a traditional fortune - teller was down to her .
however , celine was not averse to violet earning some coin by her skill .
` ` i ca n't , '' violet said , barely able to utter the words .
` ` i think we should leave here , '' violet murmured wearily .
she came to the bed , straightening and smoothing violet 's covers .
up in the balloon , violet had been no one but herself , someone she had n't been in a long , long time .
she patted violet 's knee through the blanket .
then the kick to the gut when she 'd seen daniel climb into the coach with the courtesan , he smiling at her the same way he 'd smiled at violet .
daniel was impatient with tending him today , wanting a chance to return to violet .
violet lifted the girl 's hand in her own and brushed a finger across the lines on her palms .
after studying the young woman 's hand for a time , tracing the lines this way and that , violet said , ` ` you will be well loved .
` ` this line is long , '' violet said , gliding her finger along it .
looking into the young woman 's eyes now , coupled with what violet had overheard her telling her friends , violet knew the girl would follow her soldier to the ends of the earth .
looking into the young woman 's eyes now , coupled with what violet had overheard her telling her friends , violet knew the girl would follow her soldier to the ends of the earth .
` ` you should tell him your choice , '' violet said , keeping the mysterious note in her voice .
lady victoria smiled a knowing smile , waiting for violet to tell her what she wanted to hear .
violet had only to touch the girl 's palm and say that yes , her husband would be tall , handsome , and scottish .
lady victoria would go away feeling smug and leave violet alone .
but another glimpse of daniel made violet 's heart pound .
` ` you will not find love where you assume , '' violet said , trying to shut out the laughter .
as lady victoria strode away , the comtesse 's daughter dropped two coins into violet 's bowl and thanked her .
when they 'd gone , violet balled her fists in her lap and drew long breaths .
no one approached the corner for a moment , so violet took the opportunity to close her eyes and try to compose herself .
the world would n't change for violet because she had one nice day out in a balloon .
but witnessing daniel in this setting , especially when she saw the comtesse stop him and introduce the three girls to him , made violet want to be sick .
contrasting lady vic 's predatory stalking to violet 's open - eyed excitement was unfair to poor little lady vic , but daniel could n't help himself .
he 'd make his way back down to town , knock on the door of a boardinghouse , and take violet out anywhere she wanted to go - a restaurant , a cabaret , a theatre .
he was here , where violet could reach out and touch him .
in spite of lady victoria 's presence , violet saw only daniel , the chatter of the debutante like the buzz of an annoying insect .
` ` that is english money , my lord , '' violet said .
` ` for such a deep fortune , i must look into the crystal , '' violet said .
still daniel did n't smile , but the wickedness in his eyes made violet want to laugh .
he was doing it again , putting violet into his full focus , making her forget he trained that focus on anyone else .
gone was the girl 's conviction that violet was a fake .
the thought , even though he was playacting , made violet grow cold .
her hair is blond ... '' violet trailed off , moving her hand over the crystal as though trying to wave away the mists inside .
` ` lost , '' violet said , making her voice dramatically low .
lady victoria glared at violet .
his smile was the warmest thing violet had felt all night .
daniel slid the crystal on its stand toward him and peered into it with an expression so like that of the woman who 'd taught violet , she could n't stop her laughter .
he slid the watch back into his waistcoat , winked , rose , and strolled away , leaving violet alone and breathless .
daniel watched violet step out of the house to the terrace on the half hour exactly , and something tight eased in him .
she 'd put something on her face to make her skin darker , but violet 's eyes were just as blue behind the outline of kohl .
` ` hell , violet , you are ten times the woman of any here .
now violet blinked .
he tossed down his cigar , dragged violet against him , and whirled her around .
wind tugged at violet 's scarf , her body warm against daniel in the cold .
daniel stopped spinning , lowering violet in his arms .
he ran his hands up violet 's back , feeling her body bend into his .
` ` come away with me , violet . ''
not violet 's boardinghouse .
he was glad to see violet smile again , her breath steaming .
he placed his backside on the stone balustrade - chilly through his kilt - grabbed violet around the waist , and slid over with her to the ground a few feet below .
violet let out a cry but stifled it as they landed in a rose garden , the roses pruned back for january .
mud squished under daniel 's boots as he caught violet and set her on her feet .
daniel tugged the red scarf from violet 's head and ran his fingers over her loose braid .
he knew how to love a lady , and tonight , he would love violet .
when the coach stopped a short time after that , violet looked around in surprise .
even violet 's boardinghouse was in a far more respectable neighborhood than this .
daniel climbed up to give the coachman his promised fee , then he took violet 's elbow and steered her down the street toward the corner .
he produced a thick key from his pocket , unlocked the door , and let violet inside .
as the light increased , violet saw that the furniture in the room was fine , whole , and new .
daniel was letting violet into his world .
for now ... '' he peeled the greatcoat from her shoulders and ran his hands up violet 's arms .
violet could think of only one thing to do .
chapter 16 the force of violet 's kiss , the small pain of her tug on daniel 's hair , made everything go foggy for him .
the room undulated under violet 's feet , the window seat like a rock in a rushing tide .
the next gasp let in air , and violet could breathe again .
after that , violet had never known comfort again .
he was good at reading people , almost as good as violet was .
shame , misery , and pure rage clogged violet 's heart , stopping her words .
` ` he did n't ... '' violet swallowed , tasting the whiskey bitter in her throat .
` ` no , '' violet said .
so when the man came to collect , and threatened jacobi ... '' violet swallowed , her throat tight .
miserable , violet nodded .
the man with the red beard and eyes blue like faded sky had picked violet up from the stool and shoved her against the wall .
the hurried , wooden monotone that spoke the words did n't match the horror violet the sixteen - year - old had felt .
` ` i thought i was going to die , '' violet said .
when violet looked up at him again , she was stunned to see his eyes moist .
jacobi had been so ashamed , filled with the need to make it up to violet .
this hideaway , with him , was safe , but violet knew how easily safety could be destroyed .
daniel remained in silent fury , and violet leaned her head back on the windowpane , spent .
it had been twelve years since the red - bearded man had touched violet , less than that since she 'd run from jacobi .
the cynical look in his eyes broke through violet 's haze of pain .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' violet said .
` ` i should n't make you talk about it , '' violet said .
` ` your father cares for you , '' violet said .
but violet saw , behind that , a flash of the angry and confused little boy who 'd learned to hide his hurt behind anger .
` ` your father married again , though , '' violet said .
every single person in violet 's life had betrayed her , except mary and her mother .
he waited for violet to rise and push past him , to run from him back to her boardinghouse , or all the way out of marseille .
he 'd taken violet , an amazing and precious woman , and destroyed her , not only in the eyes of the world , but inside herself .
it was as though jacobi had snatched up an exquisite and priceless marble by michelangelo and smashed it to powder - worse , because violet was a living , breathing woman .
daniel would find not only jacobi but the man who 'd touched her and make him pay for every moment violet had hurt .
he felt her trembling turn to all - out shaking as violet clutched at the back of his shirt .
as daniel grabbed for the slipping kilt , violet was shoving open his shirt , pushing it from his shoulders .
he watched violet 's fear start to lessen as she focused on his chest .
wisps of violet 's hair tickled him as she leaned closer , but daniel held himself back .
her head was warm on his shoulder , and daniel felt violet start to relax .
` ` i do n't understand desire , '' violet said softly .
he caressed violet 's shoulder , trying to choose words that would n't upset her .
` ` to men , perhaps , '' violet said , perfectly serious .
the answering sparkle in violet 's eyes made daniel 's body go incandescent .
but for now ... '' daniel eased violet back against the scrolled end of the sofa .
daniel positioned himself so he sat on the edge of the sofa , with violet lying back against the cushions .
chapter 18 violet had no idea what daniel meant to do .
even mary rubbed violet 's feet sometimes .
daniel , on the other hand , gave violet a slow smile , which turned mundane foot rubbing into something bordering the erotic .
` ` the efficient violet ?
he slid off her other stocking in the same way then moved violet 's bare feet back to his lap , beginning another massage .
his fingers did a sweet dance , streaks of heat , a feeling violet could n't define .
daniel 's fingers stopped , and violet swallowed disappointment .
` ` you 're not making any sense , '' violet stammered .
his fingers were steady as he unbuttoned her drawers , his gaze holding violet 's .
` ` violet , '' daniel said , his voice cutting through the fog .
` ` keep me here , '' violet pleaded .
daniel 's hand on violet 's waist , daring her to take the cigarette and put her lips where his had been ...
dimly , in the present , violet felt daniel 's fingers stroking her , touching her .
daniel held violet 's skirts out of his way as he kissed her left thigh , his unshaved whiskers brushing her skin .
daniel parted her legs , but carefully , kind hands on violet 's thighs .
all violet knew was that when she closed her eyes again , daniel said , ` ` that 's my good lass , '' and leaned to her .
dark shivers replaced violet 's trembling .
but violet 's body fought for attention .
daniel kissed her hair , soothing , holding her , warming her and keeping violet safe from all harm .
daniel held violet as she shook like a terrified kitten .
daniel had sensed the moment violet had relaxed into what he did .
` ` the inn , '' violet said , her voice very quiet .
i mean , i thought that men only sought ... '' violet trailed off , as though unsure how to finish .
` ` you 're a fraud , violet ... whatever your name is . ''
he had violet with him tonight , hidden from the world .
here , violet belonged to daniel and he to her .
when he kissed her , violet 's lips readily opened to him .
violet was gazing at him in fear again , her hand frozen in place .
no matter how intensely daniel wanted violet , he had to leave what happened up to her .
each touch lasted a little longer than the last , until finally violet let her fingers rest fully on him .
this had to be the hardest thing daniel had ever done - keeping himself motionless , letting violet find the courage to continue on her own .
daniel saw violet 's panic flare again , but she drew a deep breath and mastered it .
he opened his eyes to find violet regarding him in fascination .
only this time , his kilt lay on the bottom of the basket , and violet was smiling at him , her hands full of him .
daniel snaked his hand under the plaid , wrapped it around violet 's , and guided her down him in one stroke .
her quick slides , clumsy at first , became smoother as violet gained confidence .
daniel was no stranger to bodily pleasure , but the way violet had warmed and trapped his heart made for a very different experience .
daniel was aware only of violet , of holding her warmth against him and the beauty of her touch .
daniel shoved the startled violet away , grabbed his handkerchief , clamped it around himself , and lost his seed into it .
his hips pumped , wanting to drive into violet , not his somewhat unsatisfactory hand .
he slung his arm around violet and pulled her to him .
he needed violet , needed everything about her .
strong , proud violet .
he gently moved violet 's feet aside , then rolled to stand up , wrapping the kilt around him as he moved to the door .
what that meant , violet had no idea , but daniel seemed perfectly sanguine to open the door to one of his mistresses .
daniel glanced back at violet to see that she was dressed - barring her stockings and shoes , which violet hastily kicked under the sofa .
daniel glanced back at violet to see that she was dressed - barring her stockings and shoes , which violet hastily kicked under the sofa .
he gave violet an apologetic look and pulled the door wide , admitting the wind , and the woman .
` ` oh ... '' violet began , but ainsley broke through .
ainsley held violet 's hand firmly , looking straight at her .
not to mention ask repeatedly why you are here alone with miss violet , and why violet 's hair is down and her shoes off . ''
not to mention ask repeatedly why you are here alone with miss violet , and why violet 's hair is down and her shoes off . ''
dress yourself , violet , and i 'll take you to the coach .
daniel fetched violet 's stockings and shoes from under the sofa , then sat down next to her , warming her as she pulled on stockings and garters .
most of daniel 's shirt buttons had gone flying when violet had torn into him , so he had to make do with securely buttoning his waistcoat and arranging his frock coat to cover himself .
daniel slid his arm around violet as they walked back down the stairs and moved swiftly through the wind and passages to the main street .
daniel betrayed no shame that he 'd been caught by his stepmother dallying with violet .
the pair had a warm , strong relationship that violet envied .
the coach stopped at violet 's boardinghouse all too soon .
daniel jumped down and handed out first mary , then violet .
mary thanked daniel politely then ran ahead into the house , opened the door , and waited for violet .
he stuck out his hand , shook violet 's , and executed a bow .
she started up the stairs , and violet ascended slowly behind her .
she saw no objection at all to violet becoming daniel 's mistress - a very sensible solution for women in need of money , to her mind .
even as violet spoke the words , she envisioned herself sitting at a dressing table with daniel coming behind her , smiling his wicked smile , diamonds in his hands .
daniel choosing a gift with violet in mind and warming her as he gave it to her .
` ` now , daniel , tell me everything about this violet . ''
i ' m asking you about violet .
` ` with violet by your side ? ''
of course daniel planned to win the motorcar races with violet by his side .
privately violet believed her mother in possession of a vivid imagination she did n't bother to control .
and violet floated .
straight at violet .
` ` violet , '' her mother hissed behind her .
no , celine meant the man who stood in the fourth row , worry on his face , waiting for violet to allow him to speak to celine .
violet could n't remember a thing the man had just said .
at its end , when celine drooped , violet emerged in front of the curtain .
she did n't do the dramatics of pretending someone called to her from backstage - some of the audience had returned from the previous performance , and violet did n't like to repeat .
even in her daze , violet remembered to secure the take .
he might not be there tonight , since he 'd come with his stepmother , but violet could n't stop her anticipation .
daniel 's gaze was all for violet as he pushed her gently back inside .
but the kiss held heat and stole every bit of violet 's breath .
but i do n't want anyone seeing me in it as violet . ''
` ` i do n't but ... '' violet swallowed , his excitement catching .
most of the costumes were for fanciful dramas , comedies , or operettas , plus some very skimpy things violet assumed were for the fairies in a midsummer night 's dream .
` ` i 'd look ridiculous on the avenues of marseille in it , '' violet said .
if violet refused him and went home , like the good , respectable daughter she worked hard to be , she 'd spend her evening as she usually did , alone , tired , looking after everyone but herself .
daniel turned violet around and expertly fastened every button up the bodice .
he did it swiftly and competently , which told violet he was used to helping women dress .
they searched until they found a pair of high - heeled slippers that fit violet .
daniel helped violet bundle her own clothes into her valise , took the key from her to lock the theatre door , then walked her down the alley to the waiting carriage at the end .
daniel took violet to the most fashionable restaurant in town , a giant dining room with a soaring ceiling punctuated with multitiered golden chandeliers .
he gave violet champagne , bubbly and sweet , delicate salads , roasted squab in a smooth sauce , tiny fish in an aspic .
he swallowed the strawberry , looked over at violet , and laughed .
he held the strawberry out to violet , its peak plump with soft cream .
daniel fed violet another strawberry .
feeling bolder , violet finished her strawberry , picked up another , slid it though the cream , and fed it to daniel .
violet was feeling it now , in the middle of a restaurant , in the middle of a crowd , with she and daniel doing nothing more than feeding each other strawberries .
daniel also engaged violet in conversation .
he told her about some of his travels and asked violet about hers .
if violet had the money daniel did , she 'd make sure her mother had a host of servants to look after her , then violet would run away and see the world .
if violet had the money daniel did , she 'd make sure her mother had a host of servants to look after her , then violet would run away and see the world .
when they finished the champagne , daniel took violet to see a play , a comedy that was ridiculous and a bit risque .
during the last act , which was more dancing , violet leaned back next to daniel and shared a cigarette with him .
everyone who 'd seen that exchange must suppose violet was daniel 's mistress , or his courtesan for the night .
she liked daniel 's stepmother , whom violet thought she could be friends with .
the doorman and footmen did n't blink when daniel handed out violet and led her inside .
that was the trouble - the panic could rise at unexpected times , catching violet unguarded .
these were n't the stiff horsehair sofas found in so many boardinghouses violet had inhabited .
` ` i hope that is n't cream , '' violet said , sitting down to dish out the strawberries .
chapter 21 daniel enjoyed watching violet 's apprehensive look dissolve .
he took a sip as did violet , enjoying the clean taste after the overly sweet champagne .
daniel speared a cut strawberry with one of the tiny forks on the tray , dipped the strawberry into the bowl of glistening , warm chocolate , and lifted the result to violet 's lips .
violet leaned forward and tentatively bit down on the berry , then she closed her eyes in rapture .
the room was already warm , and violet leaning forward in pursuit of the strawberry made daniel break into a sweat .
violet closed her mouth around the strawberry , her eyes drifting shut .
` ` i 'll need help with the buttons again , '' violet said , her look shy .
daniel 's breathing was unsteady as violet turned and presented her back to him .
he liked the way violet 's gaze flicked to his chest then to the tattoo on his arm .
violet 's look was still shy , but she forked up a strawberry , covered it in chocolate , and offered it to daniel .
he smiled at violet as he chewed , tasting sweet , bright strawberry and smooth , rich chocolate .
daniel prepared another strawberry , but he held it away as violet reached for it with her mouth .
chocolate and violet .
daniel asked when violet sat back and ate the strawberry herself .
he let his hand come up to the back of her neck , his body tightening as violet licked across his shoulder .
he fed violet the strawberry before he gently lowered her to the sofa and started savoring her .
beautiful , sweet violet .
chocolate and violet all mixed up .
they continued to play until the chocolate was gone , and the night of champagne and sleeplessness began to catch up to violet .
another night of touching , kissing , enjoying , and violet had not felt any fear .
but it was morning now , and her mother would be waking , wondering where violet was .
` ` i do this for my mother , '' violet said .
` ` violet , darling , where on earth have you been ? ''
` ` mademoiselle , a man has come to see you , '' the maid said to violet .
but when daniel decided to do something , violet had noted , he did not wait to do it .
she 'd have to explain that her mother had appointments today and would need violet after all , but daniel would no doubt have contingencies for that .
the agreement was that if the police in whatever town they were in came after them , violet , the swiftest runner , would lead them on a merry chase .
the boardinghouse maid really should have mentioned the visitor 's name and that he 'd brought the police , violet thought in irritation .
he 'd searched for violet the last time she 'd vanished .
if the policemen had given up on violet so soon , they 'd gone back to find violet 's mother .
if the policemen had given up on violet so soon , they 'd gone back to find violet 's mother .
the cold of the cuffs stirred violet 's panic .
the policemen took violet to a barred police van .
a few men laughed as one of the policemen shoved violet into the cart and slammed the door .
the driver clucked to the horses , and violet was taken down the streets of marseille to the nearest jail at a slow walk .
chapter 22 at least they did n't put violet into a cell .
he looked up at violet and gave her a sardonic smile .
` ` it makes little difference what you call me , '' violet said in freezing tones .
upstart , violet 's tone said .
only violet had empty pockets , since she 'd foolishly left her money in her room in her eagerness to rush to the parlor .
jacobi had shown violet how to make a living using her mother 's eccentricities , and once she 'd started , violet had n't been able to stop .
jacobi had shown violet how to make a living using her mother 's eccentricities , and once she 'd started , violet had n't been able to stop .
but the most frightening thing about going to prison was that violet was n't sure she would n't welcome it .
the uniformed policeman unlocked violet 's cuffs as she blinked at him in shock .
if the floor would open up and let violet sink into it , she 'd go willingly .
his anger had begun when he 'd seen violet 's mother and maid come flying down the street from the boardinghouse as though the hounds of hell were after them .
daniel had been on his way to see violet again , ready to sweep her away for another adventure in the country .
violet 's maid had been carrying two overflowing valises , violet 's mother hobbling behind the maid , sobbing .
violet 's maid had been carrying two overflowing valises , violet 's mother hobbling behind the maid , sobbing .
mary and violet 's mother had fled , leaving violet behind .
mary and violet 's mother had fled , leaving violet behind .
he 'd found no sign of violet when he arrived , but a crowd had gathered in the usually quiet street .
he had to enlist cameron 's help to bully their way into the marseille police station and extricate violet .
bellec and his superiors agreed to give up violet only if lord cameron gave them his word to take her and her entourage out of the country .
if bellec saw violet again , he said , he would make sure she went to prison .
daniel hated the defeated look violet wore when the uniformed policeman brought her out to the foyer .
the shiftless mother had left her own daughter to the police , and violet 's worry was for her .
` ` i ' m ... '' violet wet her lips , looking from cameron to daniel .
` ` it 's what we do , '' violet said , sounding patient , damn her .
` ` daniel 's not wrong , '' cameron said to violet .
` ` i will pay for my railway ticket , '' violet said , her voice stiff .
daniel was furious with her and with her mother , but he seemed to think nothing of cutting short his stay in marseille to herd violet out of it .
` ` come and sit with me , violet , dear .
poor violet .
` ` a bit , '' violet said , sitting down next to ainsley .
violet ate the cakes ainsley shoved at her and gulped coffee .
violet set down her coffee cup .
ainsley sent violet a shrewd look .
ainsley held out both hands , one for violet 's mother and one for gavina .
` ` you saved me today , daniel , '' violet said .
` ` damn it , violet , stop talking about repayment .
daniel felt the rage beat through his veins now - at violet , at himself , at whoever had made her like this .
` ` i did n't think you lied , '' violet said , her words heating .
me , your friends , country innkeepers , your glittering courtesans ... '' violet broke off , snapping her mouth shut , as though she had n't meant to say the last .
` ` i saw you , '' violet said , her voice hard .
but that was because they had n't met violet .
violet 's bosom rose in the beaded gown , the costume she 'd not yet had a chance to remove .
she said it so calmly , but violet was n't calm .
` ` violet ... '' violet held up her hand , fingers stiffly spread .
` ` violet ... '' violet held up her hand , fingers stiffly spread .
` ` i ' m sorry , violet , '' daniel said , not moving .
if he strangled jacobi , not only would it feel good to his restless hands , he would set violet free .
you sacrifice , and you run , and violet , you have got to stop . ''
but unfortunately for you , i ' ve seen the true violet .
when he drew back , violet looked up at him with eyes filled with despair but also desire .
but for now , they were in his father 's private train car , with his stepmother and baby sister in the bedrooms in the back , not to mention violet 's mother .
and violet truly needed to rest .
he kissed her good night at the doorway , violet 's eyes still full of fear and longing .
for now , violet was happy to move on from paris , though england was not necessarily where she wanted to go .
daniel had told her she had to stop running away , but he could n't imagine the sorts of things violet had run from .
daniel 's early life might have been lonely , but watching lord cameron with him , violet could see the man loved daniel with everything he had in him .
that daniel had been energetic , violet had no doubt .
what mary had managed to carry off was mostly their stage accoutrements and a change of clothing for celine , but nothing for violet .
they would of course go shopping for violet when they reached england .
another new sensation for violet .
he was cheerful at the restaurant where they took a meal , bade violet a polite good night at their hotel , and retreated to a lounge with his father .
not until they were on the boat crossing the tossing channel the next day did daniel seek out violet alone .
` ` it is n't courage , '' violet said .
daniel was telling her that instead of going to the police after violet had assaulted him , he 'd decided to buy a house from mortimer , pay her debts , and look for violet himself .
daniel 's determination was palpable , as though he were erecting a wall of it between violet and the world .
though her thick coat and his kept them apart , violet felt the beating of his heart , the heat of his body , daniel 's strength .
in london , violet 's uncertainty began to return .
she 'd supposed she and her mother would arrange some kind of rent with daniel and move into mortimer 's former house - although with all that had happened there , violet would prefer to find a boardinghouse .
` ` just imagine , violet , how very grand .
` ` mama , you will do nothing of the sort , '' violet said hastily .
he had taken the seat next to ainsley , across from violet and celine .
daniel seemed to understand violet 's dismay .
better for violet .
he turned back to violet .
if the children were anything like gavina , who 'd included violet in every one of her rather entertaining conversations , violet would n't mind at all .
if the children were anything like gavina , who 'd included violet in every one of her rather entertaining conversations , violet would n't mind at all .
` ` me , stay without violet ?
i ' ve never done without violet before . ''
daniel tipped violet a wink .
about what , violet was n't certain , but daniel looked triumphant .
daniel asked violet when they rolled away from the ducal mansion , where the remainder of the party had disembarked .
the duke 's servants had n't behaved as violet assumed they would .
stuart , violet surmised , daniel 's half - brother .
celine liked ainsley , and mary agreed to remain to look after her instead of going with violet .
and now violet had another household to meet , that of the elusive lord ian .
` ` i ' m not tired at all , '' violet said .
you can take violet 's things on to uncle ian 's . ''
daniel sat back - next to violet now .
not looking after celine while they stayed in london , however long that might be , felt strange to violet .
daniel climbed down by himself and reached up to hand out violet .
daniel unlocked the door with a key while the carriage rattled away , and he led violet into a quiet , dusty interior .
but violet was far from content .
tools of every shape and many violet had never seen before lay scattered across tables along with cast metal parts of all sizes .
` ` you have another problem , '' violet said .
daniel looked at violet in puzzlement , brows drawn , his attention all for her .
` ` violet , come and meet my uncle ian .
ian remained motionless for a moment or two , then he clasped violet 's hand as though he had to remember the correct response to the gesture .
he withdrew his hand with the same slow deliberation and remained standing in front of violet .
there was a stillness about him violet had n't seen in daniel , a calm he 'd found , but she sensed it had come only after a long struggle .
ian again met violet 's gaze very briefly then turned back to the motorcar .
the intensity of his look made violet shiver .
during that time , daniel watched violet relax , little by little , into the bosom of the mackenzie family .
beth , of all the mackenzie ladies , had grown up a pauper , in the rougher areas of london , which gave her something in common with violet .
daniel caught violet and beth once or twice in deep , serious conversation , which broke off when daniel entered the room .
and then i met violet . ''
i only need you to find him and discover whether his marriage to violet is legal . ''
the brief stay in london was marred by only one incident , but that incident told daniel that violet was not as calm as she appeared .
they all liked violet , so they mobbed her , gavina claiming precedence to sit on her lap .
daniel watched violet 's face soften as she listened to the clamor , lifting ian 's daughter megan onto her other knee .
eileen looked worriedly up at violet .
` ` it 's all right , violet .
daniel grabbed violet as she was about to dart into the path of a large landau .
daniel sent a protesting eileen back into the house , caught violet 's hand , and led her across after mac .
` ` did you see , violet ? ''
` ` violet , what 's wrong ? ''
` ` it 's all right , violet . ''
aimee had never known the horror of what violet had experienced , and daniel and all the mackenzies would make certain she never did .
aimee , still confused , patted violet 's hand again .
daniel took aimee 's place on the bench and folded his hands around violet 's .
whether violet believed him or not .
in short , violet thought in irritation , she 'd found a cushy billet with the duke and did n't want to leave it .
but celine also expected violet to stay with her .
she could n't do without her violet .
before violet could argue , beg , or resign herself to being her mother 's drudge again , she learned exactly how determined the mackenzie family could be .
ainsley and cameron , beth and ian , the children of all four families , and daniel and violet , on the other hand , were going to berkshire , come what may .
when this was explained to violet 's mother , firmly , by eleanor , celine turned surprisingly obedient .
of course violet should have time with her friends in the country , celine said .
she 's called forth my great - great - grandmother finella , and we even reached the legendary malcolm mackenzie , the only member of the mackenzie family to survive the forty - five - that was the scottish uprising under bonnie prince charlie , violet .
eleanor related this with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes , and violet felt better .
from what violet observed while staying with ian and beth , jamie had inherited his father 's intelligence as well as his mother 's spirit .
` ` the mackenzie men can rather bowl you over , '' beth said gently to violet as ainsley continued to quiet the argument .
` ` but make certain it 's your choice , violet , and make sure danny knows it .
` ` they can be , '' violet said .
all the children wanted to go with violet , but there was n't room , and compromises had to be made .
but the next week was the happiest of violet 's life .
daniel had no intention of having violet simply watch him work - he expected her advice and opinions , and her help .
when violet said innocently at supper one night that she 'd never been on a horse , a ripple of horror went around the table .
` ` that 's all right , eileen , '' violet said quickly .
` ` violet will need someone placid like emmie , '' daniel said .
` ` i think violet needs someone like bessie .
an argument ensued , up and down the table , about what horse would be just right for violet .
they all participated , except , violet noted , ian .
he loved to watch his family , violet had noticed .
ian had at first been wary of violet staying with them in london , until he 'd discovered that violet could tell him everything about any person she saw passing by the window .
ian had at first been wary of violet staying with them in london , until he 'd discovered that violet could tell him everything about any person she saw passing by the window .
they made it into a game , violet and ian watching passers - by then each relating what they 'd seen and comparing notes .
ian was good at it , finding far more nuances about the person than violet .
now as he watched his family and listened to the children argue , he was as calm and relaxed as violet had ever seen him .
in the morning , the entire family turned out to see violet and her first riding lesson , including all the dogs .
angelo , the romany man who was in charge of cameron 's stables , led out a horse violet supposed was n't any larger than any other horse .
angelo caught violet around the waist and lifted her onto the horse in front of daniel .
violet looked down past her boots and the horse 's formidable shoulder to the grasses passing far below .
daniel transferred the reins to one hand and closed his other arm about violet 's waist .
mars ran among them , seeking pats from bargemen 's children , before he loped after daniel and violet again .
` ` i like it , '' violet said .
violet 's chest rose .
` ` violet ... '' daniel caught her around the waist , gently sliding her down from the horse .
` ` i do n't want to see jacobi , '' violet said in a hard voice .
daniel gathered violet against him .
a sparkle of her usual spirit returned to violet 's eyes .
in the cold , violet was a thing of warmth , softness to his hardness .
at the same time , violet relaxed under daniel 's hands , she leaning into him as though seeking refuge from the chill .
mars chose that moment to rush them , bending himself around violet 's legs and running into daniel 's .
daniel 's knees gave , and violet laughed .
` ` it 's cold , '' violet said .
daniel got himself into the saddle , then helped violet climb up in front of him .
she expressed surprise when daniel did n't turn at once for the house , but he continued the lesson , riding onward , holding violet fast and not letting her fall .
all very well for daniel to say it was best to face jacobi and her fears , that violet would be strong when the time came .
he wanted her to face jacobi as violet the woman , not the terrified girl .
what would daniel want from violet after that ?
the mackenzies might accept violet if she would only ever be simple mrs . daniel mackenzie , but perhaps not if there was a chance she 'd become duchess of kilmorgan .
knowing that violet and daniel were to leave tomorrow , the little ones had n't wanted to settle down .
he was right , and not just about violet facing her past .
venus yawned noisily and got up to follow violet .
silently violet picked her way across the dark landing , her single candle lighting the way .
outside daniel 's door , venus sat down on her haunches and looked at violet expectantly , tail moving .
` ` i need to go in alone , '' violet whispered .
daniel 's chamber was large and dark , the fire burning in the grate not as high as the fire in violet 's room .
daniel was of the earth , and violet was glad of it .
daniel gave violet a slow smile , his grip not loosening .
` ` d- '' the word stuck fast in violet 's throat .
` ` i ' m wicked too , '' violet said .
chapter 27 firelight kissed daniel 's body as he pulled violet close .
daniel kept his gaze on violet 's face as he loosened the placket enough for him to brush his hand inside .
the nightgown 's sleeves bunched at violet 's wrists , and her br**sts hung free , unfettered .
and still violet did n't know what to do .
he made a show of letting go of violet , stretching his arms , tucking his hands beneath his head .
the fact that he did n't know gave violet confidence .
not lingering , violet moved to the hardness of his abdomen and dipped one finger into his navel .
but violet had not yet looked at daniel 's full length , at the firm ridge of it , the sign of what their playfulness was leading to .
violet 's panic rose like a wave of blackness , cutting off her breath and her vision .
violet had brought up the memory of daniel sharing the cigarette with her in london , and lying with her in the bed in the country inn .
but with jacobi , violet had been a child looking for a father , not realizing that adults were fallible and could be cruel and even evil .
daniel did nothing as violet slowly and carefully climbed over him .
daniel was letting violet make the decision , letting her guide how far they took this .
tears welled in violet 's eyes .
still holding daniel 's wrists , violet slid her hips back and froze when his tip touched her opening .
another wave of panic lifted violet and threatened to cast her into the wall .
so beautiful that violet had dissolved into powerful delight .
a spark as sharp as lightning streaked through violet , her skin heating as though she 'd plunged into fire .
for some reason violet knew if she let go of his wrists , she 'd fall indeed , down into a black well of nothing .
at the same time , violet waited for the grating pain , the intense hurt that had robbed her of everything she was .
this was a new beginning , violet reborn , phoenix - like , in the fires of passion .
it was a moment of terrible beauty , violet loosening and letting go , fear and ecstasy coalescing .
the silent , sleeping house might awake , and violet did n't care .
` ` violet , '' he said clearly .
daniel at last moved his wrists out of violet 's grip , proving he could have at any time .
the last of violet 's tears trickled away as the ecstasy daniel had introduced her to struck .
daniel opened the prison door for her , and violet ran for the light .
daniel caressed violet 's bare back as she lay limply on top of him , he still inside her .
no dream could ever be as good as waking up to see violet , the most beautiful woman in the world , standing over him , haloed by the firelight .
violet pinning him in place while she 'd lowered herself onto him had been the most erotic thing he 'd ever experienced .
maybe one night he 'd suggest she tie him down - daniel tethered to the headboard , unable to stop violet doing anything she wanted to him .
he was n't sure what would happen to violet if she encountered her actual attacker , plus he did n't want violet to see what daniel would do to him .
` ` my reason tells me you are right , '' violet said .
daniel also knew he 'd turned violet 's focus from her fears again .
now was the time to pull violet close and continue what they 'd begun .
the house was still dark , the clocks striking five , when violet crept back to her bedchamber .
daniel had seemed to think it perfectly fine if she were caught in his bed when the servants came in to stir up the fire and open the curtains , but violet told him firmly that she would go .
she readily followed violet down the short flight of stairs to the main landing and up again to the other wing .
the house looked exactly the same as when violet had moved through it a few hours ago , but violet had profoundly changed .
the house looked exactly the same as when violet had moved through it a few hours ago , but violet had profoundly changed .
an icy draft blew up the stairs when violet was halfway up , as though someone had opened the front door below .
violet stopped , freezing in place .
perhaps whoever it was would n't see her and would walk on through the house , leaving violet alone in the darkness .
before he reached her , violet realized with some dismay , that he was daniel 's uncle , hart mackenzie , the duke of kilmorgan .
i was just ... '' violet gestured with her flameless candle .
how he knew which was hers when this was the first she 'd seen of him here , violet had no idea .
the draft also brought a scent to violet that she recognized from being with daniel .
the anger at him for betraying his remarkable wife made violet 's head come up .
if daniel wanted violet to stay with him , that would be his choice .
but violet leaving could be hers .
now that hart stood before her and told her to go , however , violet knew what the pain of it would be .
` ` you might ask daniel what he wants , '' violet said , voice losing its steadiness .
violet remembered young lady victoria , who 'd clung to daniel 's arm while she all but demanded violet predict that daniel would marry her .
violet remembered young lady victoria , who 'd clung to daniel 's arm while she all but demanded violet predict that daniel would marry her .
that hart could equate violet with the steely little debutante hurt .
to violet 's surprise , the duke took on a look of pure astonishment .
the voice that rumbled through the open door to violet 's room did n't come from daniel .
` ` goodness , '' violet said shakily .
hart was still angry , violet could see , but when he looked at ian , his face softened .
there was love there , a powerful love that violet had rarely seen .
instead of answering hart , ian moved his gaze from the candle flame and fixed it on violet , or at least on violet 's shoulder .
instead of answering hart , ian moved his gaze from the candle flame and fixed it on violet , or at least on violet 's shoulder .
` ` when you are in paris , you must look after daniel , '' ian said to violet .
ian 's gaze did n't move from violet 's shoulder .
` ` do n't let him , '' he said to violet .
` ` i wo n't , '' violet said to ian .
ian looked at violet for a few more heartbeats , then he broke the gaze , studied the candle flame for a count of three , then made to leave the room .
` ` hart was not with another woman , '' he said to violet .
ian shared another amused look with violet , turned for the door , utterly ignored his brother , and walked out of the room .
` ` so do you , '' violet countered .
he left violet in a jumble of feelings - anger , outrage , wonder .
cameron never said a word , but violet had seen the same concern in him too .
and violet needed to make certain he came to no harm .
she knew that the violet going forward would be nothing like the violet she was leaving behind .
` ` here we go , '' daniel said to violet .
the motorcar , in all its glory , sat on a long , straight , empty farm road outside paris , ready for a test run and violet 's first time driving it .
at the very front of the car was the pump he and violet had come up with , based on violet 's wind machine , to cool the monster engine .
at the very front of the car was the pump he and violet had come up with , based on violet 's wind machine , to cool the monster engine .
beautiful violet sitting upright on the seat made the whole thing perfect .
daniel snatched away the now loose crank , tossed it into the back , and returned to violet 's side .
he 'd tested the motorcar in berkshire a few times with simon , but he 'd not let violet into the vehicle , as much as violet had protested , until he made certain it was safe .
he 'd tested the motorcar in berkshire a few times with simon , but he 'd not let violet into the vehicle , as much as violet had protested , until he made certain it was safe .
this morning , he 'd announced that it was time for violet to have her driving lesson .
daniel climbed into the passenger seat , liking that the car was narrow enough that he and violet had to sit close , arms and shoulders touching .
the car jerked then moved forward in fits and starts as violet strove to figure out the correct balance between clutch and throttle .
` ` until you run out of fuel , '' violet said .
to that end , they had separate bedchambers in the grande hotel , filled their days working on the motorcar , and filled their nights showing violet the splendors of paris .
daniel had violet get the car moving forward again and guided her to the first gear , then to second .
the wheels skidded on the mud of the farm road , but violet moved the tiller from side to side , naturally finding her way out of the spin .
daniel was thrown back into his seat , but violet set her face and hung on to the tiller , her tongue pushed between her teeth .
daniel thought she 'd gear down and stop the car , but violet gave him a look of wild glee and pushed the motorcar to go even faster .
daniel and violet had left twenty far behind .
daniel saw the furrowed field coming at them before he grabbed violet and dragged her down , throwing himself over her .
daniel wrenched himself up , not liking how still violet lay beneath him .
but not so cramped daniel could n't lay violet down across the seat and keep kissing her .
daniel reached down and slid violet 's skirts upward .
the scent of newly turned earth , the scorched smell of the engine , and the scent of violet and desire heightened the wild feeling of loving her .
moments later , violet 's face softened with the beautiful pleasure he 'd taught her to enjoy .
the frigid wind rushed around them , but the look in violet 's eyes warmed him like a midsummer sun .
` ` i could n't stop it , '' violet said .
it should have frightened violet into one of her attacks of hysterics , but it had n't .
the life daniel showed her was one violet had only had glimpses of .
now violet put up her hair and bared her shoulders and walked among the wealthy and fashionable .
during her weeks in england , the four mackenzie women had collaborated to covertly produce a full wardrobe for violet .
in london violet had consented to be fitted for a few dresses with beth 's modiste , which violet had insisted on paying for .
ainsley had looked triumphant when she 'd said that they 'd used the measurements to have the modiste make violet many more clothes - evening gowns , walking dresses , morning gowns , and sturdy , warm dresses for when they worked on the car .
isabella , beth , and eleanor joined in to persuade violet to accept the clothes , and she had to give in gracefully .
violet 's shoulders were bare - the gown had no sleeves at all - and only thin , diamond - studded straps held the bodice in place .
the fabric was silk , in a deep , iridescent blue that changed hue as violet moved .
a maid came after violet with a fur wrap that would protect her from the cold , but the ensemble was meant to bare as much of violet as tastefully possible .
a maid came after violet with a fur wrap that would protect her from the cold , but the ensemble was meant to bare as much of violet as tastefully possible .
though his kilt drew stares from all , violet noticed the ladies appreciating his muscular legs as well .
daniel held out his arm , and violet slipped her hand through its crook .
the maid draped the furs over violet , and daniel led her out .
daniel sat next to violet on the cushioned seat , no false preservation of propriety .
he slid his arm across the back of the seat , behind her , enclosing violet in his warmth .
at the moment violet lived in a bubble of astonishing happiness .
in the carriage before they arrived at the first casino , daniel took a velvet pouch from his pocket , removed an eye - widening diamond bracelet , and clasped it around violet 's wrist .
the carriage pulled to a halt , much to violet 's disappointment .
` ` you exhaust me , '' violet said .
he knew everyplace and everyone in town , so he presented violet with a variety of choices , and they both chose what they thought they 'd like best .
tonight violet saw that two ladies at their table were subtly signaling what their gentlemen had in their hands to a third man who was quietly doing very well off them .
as daniel and violet emerged into the cold dawn from the last casino , a man in a long coat and battered hat stepped in front of daniel and blocked their way .
chapter 30 violet 's heart would n't slow .
he had violet 's hand in his , though , not letting go .
they went to an area of montmartre violet had not frequented before .
but violet drew away from him and made herself walk on her own into the room , to face the man who 'd risen from a chair in front of a paper - strewn table .
violet saw jacobi trying to read him as violet had when she 'd first met him , frowning when he found it difficult .
violet saw jacobi trying to read him as violet had when she 'd first met him , frowning when he found it difficult .
jacobi 's gaze went from daniel to violet , taking in her costly gown , the furs around her shoulders , the diamonds in her hair , and especially the wide band of diamonds on her gloved wrist .
daniel 's pride in violet swelled .
daniel wanted the man who 'd ruined her to understand that violet could n't be broken .
` ` violet belongs to me , '' jacobi said .
` ` i belong to no one , '' violet said , outrage in her voice .
jacobi turned from daniel and gave his full attention to violet .
but i was young and stupid , my little violet .
` ` all these years , violet , i ' ve been haunted by my failure to you .
tears glistened on violet 's lashes , but she held herself rigid .
` ` you 're a liar , '' violet said clearly .
he folded his arms across his chest and let violet speak .
` ` i told him what happened because i respect him , '' violet said .
his voice softened to real affection , and he reached up to touch violet 's cheek .
daniel saw jacobi realize he 'd misjudged violet .
jacobi pointed at daniel , who 'd leaned against the edge of the table , settling in to watch violet carve him up .
` ` well , i am here to become unbound to you , '' violet snapped .
he balled his fists , not wanting to disturb the tableau of violet glaring at her old mentor , her back straight and eyes steely .
daniel put his other hand on violet 's shoulder , this touch much more gentle .
daniel released jacobi to face violet .
jacobi was weak , and violet was strong .
` ` oh , and violet , '' daniel said as she started out the door .
that would end violet 's marriage to you quickly . ''
which is how i know that you can bleat on about violet being your girl , but you never loved her .
` ` give me the name of the man you let touch violet .
jacobi might think he could still catch violet outside .
violet had refused all simon 's pleas that she return to the hotel to wait for daniel , because one thing violet had learned about jacobi was that he was a snake .
violet had refused all simon 's pleas that she return to the hotel to wait for daniel , because one thing violet had learned about jacobi was that he was a snake .
simon had stopped violet rushing in behind them , but when she heard the shot , she could n't remain inside the coach .
simon tried to herd her back into the carriage , but violet would have none of it .
simon was surprised to find it unlocked , but violet was n't .
rage lit ian 's eyes , but he turned from jacobi when he saw violet in the doorway .
ian had shoved himself between daniel and jacobi 's gun , and simon was in front of violet , protecting her .
daniel sticking out his hand in greeting in the overcrowded dining room in london , smiling because he knew violet was a fraud .
he 'd seen right through violet , and he 'd laughed at her .
he 'd given violet a taste of true freedom when he 'd taken her up in the balloon , letting her leave the littleness of her day - to - day life behind .
daniel had freed violet from her prison little by little , teaching her to trust , showing her how to let go of pain and seek pleasure .
oh , and violet .
he 'd said it offhandedly , but what violet had seen in his eyes had been real .
but now violet knew differently .
from that instant , until she 'd met daniel , violet had been existing .
jacobi 's pistol discharged again , and violet felt a sharp pain in her thigh .
the barrel now pointed at violet 's heart , which was already so shattered she 'd never feel a bullet go into it .
the pistol turned , violet still struggling to take it away from jacobi .
jacobi looked at violet in vast confusion , blood bubbling on his lips .
he said , ` ` my flower ... '' then life left his eyes , and he fell forward onto her , sliding down the front of violet 's beautiful dress .
simon grabbed it from the floor , but violet hardly noticed .
cameron dropped to the floor beside violet , his eyes holding stark grief .
cameron 's gravelly voice broke , the tears violet wanted to cry wetting his face .
with amazing strength , he took daniel straight out of violet 's arms , and laid his limp body on the floor .
whatever daniel might think about his father , cameron loved daniel with a powerful love , one that matched violet 's own .
daniel looked up at violet in dismay .
` ` shut up , daniel , '' violet said .
he closed his fingers weakly around violet 's .
love you , sweet violet .
` ` that 's my violet .
but it was n't so bad , because violet lay next to him , clad in a thick dressing gown , her hair in a long braid .
images and sensations swirled back at him - jacobi , the fight , pain , violet 's voice as she told him she loved him .
daniel lifted his hand - after a moment of trying to remember how that worked - and smoothed violet 's hair .
the solicitors keep copies , but i need him to sign ... '' violet 's fingers on his lips stopped his flow of words .
he vaguely remembered simon 's voice saying that violet was now a widow , but everything after the gunshot was a bit fuzzy .
except violet 's repeated declaration that she loved him .
` ` he was n't awkward when we thought you were dead , '' violet said .
` ` i almost lost you , '' violet whispered .
` ` therefore , you should marry me , violet .
this was the man whose face violet had seen as she 'd lost her innocence , as well as any sense of comfort in the world .
because of him , violet had faced pain , terror , and humiliation , followed by years of fear , confusion , and shame .
collard had ruined violet in all ways , and daniel was n't about to let him get away with that .
but violet had asked for mercy too , and collard had n't given it to her .
he did n't stop for violet . ''
he did n't want to go to violet like this , so he went to his father instead .
so many things had happened between her finding daniel shot in the kitchen in montmartre and violet standing at the end of the crowded ballroom , guests turning expectantly as she walked in on cameron 's arm .
they 'd won the uphill race at nice in daniel 's newly repaired motorcar , violet driving it to victory .
they 'd returned to berkshire , where cameron and daniel threw themselves into training the horses , and violet became swept up in that as well .
then they 'd gone to kilmorgan , where violet had stood a full minute after she stepped out of the carriage to stare at the vast house in shock .
` ` this chap with the red beard , '' he 'd mentioned casually as he and violet sat alone in a first - class compartment .
everything around violet seemed to stop , despite the train rushing onward .
he was aware violet knew he was lying , and he did n't care .
now violet stood in the decorated ballroom , her hand on cameron mackenzie 's arm .
while they 'd still been in paris , waiting for daniel to heal , ian had pulled violet aside .
ian paused , glancing away as though gathering his thoughts before looking directly at violet , his golden eyes like a flash of sunlight .
the guests in the ballroom turned as violet walked past them .
bagpipes sang violet down the aisle .
the mackenzie , the clan chief , a straight and tall man with white hair , made violet a bow as she walked by .
but when daniel smiled at violet as she stopped beside him , nothing else mattered .
the warmth of daniel , the gleam in his eyes , was the only thing violet needed .
the ceremony wound its way along , and violet made the correct responses , barely hearing herself .
then she was we d. daniel lifted the veil from violet 's face and kissed her .
` ` he 's a good lad , '' ian said to violet , squeezing her hand hard .
gavina and stuart begged to be allowed to have violet and daniel carry them up to bed , and violet happily concurred .
gavina and stuart begged to be allowed to have violet and daniel carry them up to bed , and violet happily concurred .
` ` ' t is not really for us , '' daniel said , as he climbed to the nursery beside violet .
` ` night , violet , '' gavina said happily .
daniel leaned down and kissed his brother 's forehead , then he took violet 's hand and led her out of the room .
his kiss took violet 's breath away .
the feeling of the wall behind her and a strong man before her stirred the fringes of violet 's old panic .
daniel kissed violet until she knew nothing but him , this heat , his mouth , the caress of his lips .
daniel stopped to kiss violet several times as he led her down the stairs and to the large bedroom in the cameron family wing .
locking the door behind them , daniel pushed violet step by step toward the bed , unbuttoning her clothes as they went .
halfway across the rug , violet was out of her bodice , daniel , his coat and waistcoat .
at the dressing table , daniel 's collar and shirt came off as did violet 's corset , lovingly unlaced by daniel 's strong hands .
at the chaise at the foot of the bed , it was daniel 's socks and shoes and violet 's petticoats .
he looked her over in return , and violet flushed with excitement .
his c**k lay hot against violet 's side , but daniel did n't hurry .
heat spiraled violet upward , erasing all thought , all worries , everything but daniel and the feeling of him touching her .
with one thrust , daniel was inside her , and violet rose over the top , any lingering terror chased away by a darker wildness .
` ` i love you , vi , my sweetest violet . ''
the beauty of that streaked through her , and told violet she was home at last .
daniel watched violet as she grabbed hold of the balloon 's basket , her eyes lighting with anticipation .
he caught violet around the waist and pulled her close .
sinclair saw a dark hat covered with bright blue violets , then eyes of the same blue - clear and warm in this swirl of gray .
` ` we thought you might miss it , '' says violet , the maid of honor , a childhood friend of charlotte 's .
before hadley has a chance to answer , violet twists her hair into a knot , pulling so hard that hadley 's blue eyes nearly disappear .
` ` we better go , '' violet says , glancing up at the clock , which reads 12:08 .
` ` your dad 's looking for you , '' violet says , pointing at the old stone building .
hadley asks , and the way violet looks at her , it 's as if she 's inquired as to where the sky 's located .
` ` fun , '' hadley says , and violet raises an eyebrow .
` ` he 's in the church , '' violet repeats , forming the words slowly , as if worried that her friend 's new stepdaughter might be a few ants shy of a picnic .
when hadley still makes no sort of overture to leave , violet 's face softens .
the thinnest sliver of a thought is threading its way through her , but before she has a chance to grab hold of it violet pushes through the crowd to announce that it 's time for photos .
when she knocks on the door to the suite , she 's so busy preparing herself for dad 's disapproving frown that she 's a bit surprised to find violet on the other side instead .
` ` i suppose we 'll probably need to sort you out again before the reception , '' violet says with a sigh , and hadley nods gratefully as her phone - which she 's still clutching in one sweaty hand - begins to ring .
` ` it 's just my dad , '' she explains , so that violet does n't think she 's getting strange transatlantic calls from a teacher .
she 's crying in earnest now , propped up by the doorframe , and when she feels the first tear fall , she thinks - ridiculously - of violet , and how it 's one more thing they 'll have to worry about when trying to fix her again .
` ` come in , '' dad says , and violet appears .
` ` i think i might need a little- '' ` ` agreed , '' violet says , taking her by the arm .
` ` yeah , '' violet says from where she 's stooped on the floor .
` ` those were boy tears , '' violet says with a smile .
` ` i do n't believe you for one second , '' violet says , then leans down so that her face is even with hadley 's in the mirror .
` ` do n't worry , '' violet says , stepping up beside her .
` ` good , '' violet says .
` ` not yet , '' violet says as she starts walking toward the dining room .
` ` i ' m pretty sure it does n't work that way , '' hadley says with a frown , but violet only smiles .
as they slip into their places , hadley notices violet smiling at monty across the table , and he gazes back at her for a beat too long before ducking his head again .
charlotte 's parents rise from their seats , her aunt is joined by a man from the next table , and hadley 's surprised to see monty offer a hand to violet , who grins back at her as they walk off together .
nearby , monty is doing some sort of jig with violet , whose head is thrown back in laughter .
during dinner , monty and violet both make their toasts - his punctuated by laughter , hers by tears - and hadley watches charlotte and dad as they listen , their eyes shining .
across the table , violet raises her glass and then taps it gently with her spoon , and amid the more frantic clinking that follows , dad and charlotte lean in for yet another kiss , separating only after realizing there 's a waiter hovering just behind them , waiting to take their plates .
i sat in a booth with nick , surrounded by colored lights twinkling in the windows and decades of teen graffiti layered on the walls : violet loves randy .
i was pretty sure the meat drawer contained ham that my sister violet had bought before she moved out last march .
much as my sisters had annoyed the crap out of me while they lived at home , i would have given anything to ignore izzy 's orders as i walked in the door , and tease sophia about the fantasy novel she was reading on the sofa , and yell at violet because i caught her stealing a shirt out of my closet in the room we shared .
i 'd gone on a cleaning spree when violet moved out .
with weird green lace sewn around the edges of blue satin cups , it looked like something violet might have bought at a discount store when she was twelve .
` ` oh , '' i said , laughing at his reference to violet 's purple taste .
there 's no room for violet now , really , what with all the stuff in the way .
` ` i guess i never felt like i could do anything with violet 's stuff , because it 's hers . ''
i knew violet and ricky had moved three times in the five months they 'd been together .
if he 'd toyed with the idea of convincing or forcing violet to stay , in the face of my tough boyfriend who 'd come to help rescue violet , now he was thinking twice .
if he 'd toyed with the idea of convincing or forcing violet to stay , in the face of my tough boyfriend who 'd come to help rescue violet , now he was thinking twice .
i watched violet turn around in the parking lot and scream a parting shot at ricky before running toward us .
he would still be around the next time violet did something stupid like this .
i got out of the car and pushed my seat forward so violet could collapse into the tiny back seat with her garbage bag containing all her worldly possessions - other than the ones littering my own bedroom floor .
` ` jesus , '' violet said .
` ` violet is like me but drunk , '' i explained to will , ` ` even when she 's sober . ''
will might not have either , but it was all about violet .
i climbed out of the car and pushed the seat forward to let violet out .
` ` o - kay , '' violet said , digging in her own pocket for cash and stomping toward the guy ladling peanuts into plastic bags that looked , frankly , used .
a wave of love washed over me , a yearning to touch him and talk to him alone , chased closely by blind panic that this was exactly how violet had felt at first about ricky .
if you tried to step into it , you would realize it was only 2 - d. ` ` i do n't know what to do now , '' violet murmured , wiping off a photo of dad and izzy and setting it on a shelf .
man , hiring violet for the shop was the best idea i 'd had in years .
` ` you get a job there , '' i told violet , ` ` live here , and go to school .
` ` dad always said you 'd be the first person in the family to go to college , '' violet went on .
` ` well , sure , '' violet said , ` ` back when you were in third grade .
but as violet pointed out how old i was , my fear of having a boyfriend seemed immature .
` ` this did n't take as long as i thought , '' violet said , rescuing the last pair of panties from the sofa and twirling them around on one finger .
* * * kaye and harper left when violet arrived in dad 's truck with enough groceries for a feast .
or violet .
` ` violet , '' he said .
` ` me too , '' violet said .
` ` ish , '' violet echoed with a laugh .
` ` violet will get there , '' i said .
` ` i would too , '' violet chimed in .
` ` yeah , '' said violet .
` ` violet finally decided to come home , and we went to get her , and ...
* * * violet was in a job interview with bob and roger in the back office , and i was manning the front counter , when the antique cowbell rang .
` ` violet made it vegan for you . ''
she and violet had arrived at the res at about the same time seven years ago , when they were both fifteen and new to their power .
suddenly kaylee realized she was gripping mr . diamond 's shoulder hard in anticipation of what violet was about to do to him on this video .
there was too fine a line between herself and violet .
the only difference was that violet was still at the res and kaylee was not .
but , staring at the video of the empty hallway , she knew violet was crushing mr . diamond 's throat with her mind .
she grimaced against the pain and forced herself to watch the video of the hallway until violet , carter , april , and nate walked out of the office .
` ` anyway , the levitator , violet , was doing most of the work . ''
` ` and i have the warmest regards for violet . ''
the chair holly had been sitting in launched across the room and hit violet in the chest , knocking her against the wall , her gauzy purple skirts a swirling riot .
score one for violet .
violet rose into the air unaided .
all these objects seemed to bounce off a force field around the intruders as violet protected them .
she and april exited at the same time , violet shielding both of them from holly 's wrath while april shielded them from kaylee changing their minds .
then her adrenaline spiked higher at the memory of what violet had said to holly .
` ` what did violet mean when she said this was twice ? ''
but kaylee knew what violet was doing .
` ` violet , '' kaylee said .
out of the corner of her eye , she caught the briefest flash of violet the levitator and nate the mind changer standing on the concrete wall of the dam at river level .
19 holly did n't wait to find out whether violet and nate were hurt .
but yeah , it would have been nice for them to pull her from the colorado river , instead of nate and violet .
maybe violet was doing this to her , or some other levitator she had n't yet met - but it was n't a good idea to wonder .
` ` i do n't know , '' violet murmured .
when violet moved out of the way , he saw holly still sitting on the counter , horrified by what she 'd done to him , confused about whether his affair with kaylee was real .
like they made you kiss violet just now . ''
she waited for him to acknowledge that kissing violet had not been his choice .
he caught a flash of real concern for him from violet , some vestige of the girl she used to be , before she shook her head to clear it .
now the beach was tinted pink , the clouds and ocean glowed neon pink , and a huge orange sun sank in the violet sky .
` ` violet , '' i mouthed .
jupiter ruled on thursday , leaning toward expansion and prosperity ; thursday 's colors were lush- turquoise and white , green and violet ; friday belonged to venus and curried love , beauty , and friendship .
i looked down at my violet sundress self - consciously .
the pack members were various shades of red and violet and pink , the colors of their devotion to him .
reds , violets , indigos .
it had better , because mcketrick had things to answer for , and this was n't the time to be a shrinking violet .
my signature violet eyes were just so much better than my brown ones .
the relief in her violet eyes tempted me to drag her out of this place and home with me that instant .
but when she looked up at me with tear - filled violet eyes and asked me to make love to her , i was fucking lost .
this was n't the time to decide i was some withering violet , because i most certainly was not .
9 brody taylor was definitely no shrinking violet .
` ` violet , '' i said , reaching up and touching the purple stripe of color in my hair .
when the dj introduced the new girl violet , i did n't realize he was talking about me until music started playing .
` ` you got the job , violet .
` ` i ' m using violet as my stage name . ''
` ` you got a real name , violet ? ''
` ` you better watch out for this one , violet .
` ` honey , this is my new friend violet .
` ` violet is your stage name , is n't it ? ''
` ` damn , violet . ''
it made me feel more like me and less like violet .
i was beginning to think i was creating some sort of alter ego for myself with violet , the more outgoing , crazy me .
` ` violet !
` ` i do n't know how you manage as a stripper , violet .
i felt like i needed to really channel violet tonight to get through the dancing .
` ` violet , '' adam called , poking his head backstage just as i was heading to my dressing table .
he pivoted around to stare at me , his eyes glowing an odd shade of violet .
his eyes flashed violet again , a color i never thought of as threatening until now .
the reaper 's eyes flashed violet .
the decor was sparse , a round bed covered in a violet throw .
the walls were decorated with extraordinary walls of crystals , all in huge swathes of different colors , violet , light blue , sea green .
there 's actually a color now , sort of violet .
there 's even a trace of something violet .
he shifted to altered flight and left through the roof , flying high in the air , admiring the flames as well as claire 's violet disguise that kept the stand - alone facility hidden from human eyes , and therefore the local fire department .
his double - chain sang at his neck , and the next moment a violet wave flowed in his direction .
the next moment the wavy violet lines disappeared .
his jacket was of a similar ilk , but white and embroidered with flowers in the primary colors , plus green and splashes of violet .
and there it was , a beautiful violet and gray haze across the sky .
he flinched but for some reason , the stream of power that should have fried his ass hit the space around him and split into a number of elegant fireworks : blue , green , violet sparkles , really beautiful .
and her eyes , violet and so intense .
and just like the ascendiate 's , the bands were gold , violet , and black .
the colors were navy and a violet or purple .
in her wraith form , lorelei 's skin was the color of chalk , her lips a dark hue , the whites of her eyes pale yellow , and her irises violet .
margetta shifted her violet eyes from batya to lorelei .
you have an incredible aura right now , silver and violet .
when my maid entered the room , damien already had me out of my evening gown , and it lay crumpled and ruined on the floor , the violent red blood appearing a rich violet on the blue overskirt .
his mother climbed up the steps and leaned against the railing , a vision in violet from head to toe .
she saw flashes of violet , hunter , of policemen and sirens , flying vampires and fangs .
rachel 's mind began to race with images of violet , policemen , hunter , and flying in the sky with benji .
the guard ripped off his blind fold , and there , before his eyes , sat violet , looking meaner than ever as she hoisted herself up into a throne like chair in the front of a large room , filled with stained glass and pews .
hunter stood in front of her throne silently , waiting to be addressed , as violet looked him up and down and began to take notes on a piece of paper .
` ` that 's not entirely true , violet .
` ` listen , violet .
` ` violet , it 's not me that loves her .
i know your tricks , '' violet sneered .
` ` listen violet , i do n't know and even if i did , i could n't tell you , '' he said boldly .
tell me where they are , '' violet said back in a creepy tone .
the guards stopped dragging him out as violet said , ` ` halt ! ''
` ` i ' ve heard just about enough of this love story , '' violet said .
she 's worthless to us now , '' violet screeched .
` ` no , violet !
` ` violet , you said that if i told you where benji was , that you 'd free her , '' hunter said , trying to coax her to do the right thing .
` ` violet , this is n't about you , '' hunter said .
` ` violet , set her free , you promised , '' he said again .
chapter ten hunter could hear the footsteps getting louder as violet and four soldiers stomped down the hall to his jail cell .
as they opened it , violet walked in and then turned to the soldiers and said , ` ` you are released now . ''
` ` i ' ve come to give you one more chance , '' violet said , as she turned and looked at hunter .
` ` i 'll give you one more chance to live , '' violet said , sternly .
` ` well , now that i ' ve put penelope away in the tower , you and i can be together , '' violet said in a sultry voice .
` ` what are you talking about , violet ? ''
` ` it can finally be me and you , in love forever , '' violet whispered as she got close to hunter , putting her boney finger up to his lips .
` ` hunter , i can tell that you want to be with me , just let your guard down and get in touch with your inner feelings , '' violet pleaded .
` ` violet , i do n't want to be with you , stop this right now ! ''
` ` this is your last chance , '' violet said , as she stepped back and a stone cold look came across her face .
within in seconds the three guards who had accompanied violet to his cell were now clomping back down the hall with their loud steel toed boots and rifles in their hands .
he knew he could n't let violet convince him to fall in love with her .
he stood there and awaited his fate , and the three men ushered violet to stand behind them as they ordered hunter to get in place .
yelled violet .
it was one of violet 's evil subjects , running down the hallway in a black robe .
` ` violet , violet !
` ` violet , violet !
you got off this time , but i 'll be back for you soon , '' violet said as she glared at hunter .
` ` let 's go , '' violet ordered to the guards and she slammed his cell door shut and ordered the guards away .
he did n't know if there were guards , or violet or any evil subjects on the other side that may get in his way of freedom .
he could n't exactly remember if violet had mentioned anything to the guards about her whereabouts in front of him , but figured , if he were as evil as violet he would have put her in the dungeon .
he could n't exactly remember if violet had mentioned anything to the guards about her whereabouts in front of him , but figured , if he were as evil as violet he would have put her in the dungeon .
the dungeon is the most frightening and creepy place of any castle ; he knew violet would choose this form of punishment for what she 'd done to her .
he felt almost if fate had led him here , to this castle , to be imprisoned by violet so he could see penelope again .
` ` did n't violet see you ? ''
although , pops , with all due respect , you 're not smiling here , '' violet said pointing to his face .
we could n't leave yet , '' violet said as she stared back at the family photo .
why do n't you sit down a moment so we can chat , '' violet asked .
violet laughed and summoned two of her subjects to transport them across the room and sit them on the couch opposite violet .
violet laughed and summoned two of her subjects to transport them across the room and sit them on the couch opposite violet .
` ` oh stop worrying , '' violet said , ` ` we 're not going to hurt you .
feel free to chime in if the mood strikes you , '' violet said .
you do n't even know where your own kid is , '' violet patronized .
` ` the vladiccus coven , '' violet spoke slowly and clearly .
` ` listen , if you 're going to play dumb with us , we 're going to have to find some way to get it out of you , '' violet said .
i hope that will teach you to watch your tone with me pops , '' violet insisted .
violet lifted her feet off the white coffee table and stood up , quickly , knocking over the cup of coffee that was sitting on the table next to her feet .
` ` i think our work is done here then , '' violet said , as she flipped her dark black hair and turned to exit the house .
` ` if i think of anything else , i 'll be back , '' violet said .
chapter thirteen as violet and her evil subjects flew overhead , she peered down at all the buildings , trying to figure out which one was rachel 's school .
i do see it , violet .
` ` we are here from the prep school down the street , '' violet heard herself lie , ` ` and we are looking for the intramural chess team . ''
you can tell me why my high school history teacher was such a prick to me growing up , '' violet said , watching mr . allen 's eyes widen in horror .
` ` you history teachers are all the same , you think you can hide in the past , but really you ca n't , '' violet said angrily as she looked down at the papers on his desk and started touching them with her fingers .
i see she 's a student of yours , '' violet said , looking down at her schedule .
you told me you loved her , '' violet said , stirring the pot even more .
i ' m after her and i think you can help me find her , '' violet said .
` ` yes , rachel , '' violet whispered in his ear .
violet watched as arielle got up off the ground and sneakily marched over behind violet 's back , raised both her hands up to slam her over the head .
violet watched as arielle got up off the ground and sneakily marched over behind violet 's back , raised both her hands up to slam her over the head .
` ` i have many mysterious powers , '' violet whispered again .
` ` it 's irrelevant , my friend , '' violet answered .
` ` you do n't want to test me , '' violet said .
his football friends came up beside him , surrounding him , all staring back at violet threateningly .
` ` you really do n't want to know , '' violet said , warning him .
with that , violet go so riled up that she lifted rob up off his feet , swung her robe around him and flew into the air .
` ` you asked for this , '' violet said .
` ` do n't antagonize me now , '' violet said .
violet flew far away until they were in a desolate area , just the two of them .
she did n't want violet or any of her coven members to come after them .
as she ran down the hall she was bombarded by violet and her evil subjects , standing in a row , as if they 'd been waiting for her this whole time .
` ` stop it , violet !
` ` he most certainly did , '' violet yelled back .
` ` we do n't know where benji is but maybe you could shed some light on that for us , '' violet murmured .
everything that has happened is all because of you , '' violet said .
she knew she was in big trouble if she stayed in the hallway with violet , and she needed to escape .
she looked around the hallway , but only saw one way out , and that was behind violet and her people .
rachel ran down toward the end of the hall but before she got there , violet had transported herself to the other end of the hall before her and appeared standing there in front of her and the other exit door .
` ` there 's no way out ... '' violet said , shaking her head .
rachel looked around and saw that she had been encircled by all of violet 's people .
` ` you 're going to be one of us now , '' violet said as she started walking towards her slowly .
` ` you belong with us , '' violet continued saying .
as soon as she yelled help , violet had transported herself over to her and taped her mouth shut .
we will take you , '' violet said .
` ` you better watch it , '' violet said , as she lifted rachel up off the ground with her hands grasping her throat .
rachel looked over at emily who was still in the corner , being watched over by one of violet 's people .
all of a sudden , a surge came over rachel and she broke free from the chokehold violet had her in , and dropped to the ground with a thud .
she heard the sarcasm in her voice and knew that violet was behind this .
the second her feet stopped running ; violet launched at her and pinned her down to the ground .
` ` you 're going to be a real asset to our coven , '' violet said .
` ` violet stop ! ''
hunter ran past violet , knocking her to the ground with one elbow jab , and over to rachel , to unlock her from the ground .
penelope blocked violet 's evil subjects from approaching with her shield power , which radiated a burning red light that kept them at bay .
they looked like a black mob and she could see violet in the front .
'' i seem to remember you 're lethal with a handbag , violet . ''
in a splash of colour , large violet , glass vases sit on each table .
` ` violet , '' she breathes .
his eyes shifted to violet blue again , the kind so deep a woman could climb right in for a swim .
` ` violet 's daughter showed her , and she thought i should know and be prepared . ''
she fingered a violet - colored teddy , cut low , and high , in all the right places .
lily pulled open the door to find a man dressed in a violet suit standing without , his back to her as he surveyed the garden .
` ` a violet , i think , '' she said at last , straightening .
inside was a silver button , a tiny china dog , and a pressed violet .
it was a deep violet color , shaped almost like a man 's banyan and without the usual feminine frills and ribbons .
as she moved , the fabric subtly changed color from violet to crimson and back again .
inside was the same little china dog and the silver button , but the pressed violet was missing .
had she removed the violet contacts before she 'd left noelle 's penthouse ?
` ` violet smythe - freeman did n't . ''
they had taken him to do the surgery at the hospital and whitney insisted on seeing violet .
` ` violet is well entrenched in the political arena .
` ` you can choose to believe me or not , but the point is , once whitney got his hands on violet again , she ceased to be loyal to freeman . ''
` ` i do n't believe violet was ever loyal to freeman .
from all accounts , violet was different from the other women from your childhood .
they groomed freeman 's son for the position , paired him with violet , and helped his political career . ''
` ` but violet got greedy , '' sam said .
in a way , it would be good for us , because whoever our enemy in the white house is at present - and remember , violet had thrown in with them - wants us out .
if he pairs up with violet , we 're in real trouble . ''
` ` but he 'd sleep with violet if that cemented the relationship and gave him power over her , '' kadan pointed out .
` ` seriously , we had enough problems when violet and whitney were opposed to one another .
he 's in tight with violet freeman again , and they ' ve got some new plan that he has n't discussed with me .
` ` it 's not like i have a lot of friends and now that violet 's back in the fold , things are n't going to go well for me .
rose was no shrinking violet .
` ` that 's senator ed freeman 's wife , violet .
` ` never make the mistake of thinking violet smythe - freeman is one of us .
` ` we 're on the same side , violet , '' jefferson reminded .
` ` it is n't going to happen , violet .
` ` what good would it do you to kill me , violet ?
it 's time to pay the piper , violet , '' jefferson said .
` ` he was brain - dead , violet . ''
we both know who 's behind the proverbial throne , violet , so do n't play the loving wife to me .
if we decide to put ed back into position to use him , believe me , violet , it will be our decision without coercion . ''
` ` i hope you 'll give me your answer soon , violet .
` ` i think violet 's come back . ''
they knew little about violet 's abilities .
` ` violet pointed out she can do a lot from her position as a senator 's wife for the women 's underground .
the enhancements whitney had given them evidently were n't part of violet 's arsenal .
the beams were crisscrossed , but still a good foot from the ground where someone as limber as violet could slide beneath them .
mack caught a brief glimpse of a shadow sliding along the lawn , very low , not ten feet from violet .
mack watched violet 's face carefully .
and as for violet , let 's see how it goes with andrew , whether or not he notices anything different about ed .
if ed passes the test with andrew , whitney may want to strike a bargain with violet and bring those women in .
` ` can we trust violet ? ''
whitney has a protection built into the program and there is no way violet is going to let ed die .
she was thinking about kicking him in the chest , but she controlled her temper , her blue eyes shimmering with that strange violet light that intrigued him .
she was so beautiful , her eyes shimmering violet over blue , that strange shimmer over the color almost a silver .
kadan heard screaming , the cry of an anguished animal , filled with pain , with agony , but she was completely mute , the blue gone from her eyes to be wholly replaced by the silver violet shine .
all shimmering violet again .
when he lifted his head , her eyes had gone from blue to that beautiful violet color he particularly loved .
her dazed eyes , shimmering with opaque violet , jumped to his .
that sheen in her eyes , blue to violet and then a shimmering silver or opaque .
the color drained from her face and her eyes went that peculiar shade of violet .
she was n't a shrinking violet , and if any woman could handle his needs , he was betting his heart it would be tansy .
it seems he was tipped off by a friend of his , a secretary to senator freeman 's wife , violet . ''
` ` violet freeman .
` ` are you talking about violet smythe - freeman ?
he told violet about it .
it seems she enjoys knowing secrets , so she often listens in to violet 's conversations with her guests .
she claims violet initiated the topic of tracking children with your father . ''
` ` she 's taking a huge risk , spying on violet , '' kadan said .
` ` violet would have no hesitation killing her . ''
` ` and then when whitney lost his tracking device , he sent violet to find out why , '' kadan guessed .
` ` i ' m sorry , but yes , that 's what he told violet .
` ` i spent some time with ms . harris , and as it turns out , violet wanted the information about the murders and tansy given to the reporter .
her eyes deepened in color , going from blue to violet .
kadan could see the silver spreading through the violet , so that her eyes began to shimmer .
her lashes fluttered , and when he lifted her head , the color was back to violet , the opaque veil gone .
she sipped at her tea and flipped through a magazine , but her eyes , when she lifted them to his face , had more violet than blue in them , and he suspected her mind was n't on him - or the floor .
her eyes flashed silvery violet , and she drew her leg back toward her , trying to get her foot back .
she was moving further away from him , the violet completely taking over the blue and the silver encroaching on the violet , until her eyes shimmered with that strange opaque that signaled she was deep inside the tracking lane .
she was moving further away from him , the violet completely taking over the blue and the silver encroaching on the violet , until her eyes shimmered with that strange opaque that signaled she was deep inside the tracking lane .
it would n't matter what whitney , or violet , or anyone else threw at them , they would be make it as long as they were together .
blue eyes shot violet sparks .
as a shielder , not even violet , the senator 's wife , would have known that saber was an assassin .
` ` violet is helping us , '' the senator hissed .
` ` then violet is going to want revenge .
` ` violet , '' he said aloud .
if violet made a move against kadan , she was a dead woman .
he spoke briefly to violet and they both hurried into the room with the senator , pushing him back toward the kitchen where the ` ` safe room '' was .
it would n't be so easy for anyone to get through violet to him , but then marigold had n't considered that she herself be unsuccessful either .
she and the other women had conspired to get one of them out of the compound to approach senator freeman and violet in the hopes that he would shut down whitney 's operation and return them to their units .
he 'd sent her to be his bodyguard , and the next thing anyone knew , violet was married .
he 's violet 's husband . ''
` ` violet has forgotten where her first duty lies and so has the senator .
` ` so violet is one of whitney 's ghostwalkers .
` ` violet would never betray us , no matter what whitney offered .
i know violet is n't a part of that ; she would n't betray us . ''
` ` if he did , and all this time he was reporting to whitney , he would have told him i was going out with the team in order to try to talk to senator freeman and violet . ''
` ` because if violet and senator freeman were dead , it would n't matter that you were there .
` ` and we have to make sure that violet and her husband are safe . ''
get word to marigold and tell her if she can warn violet , to do it .
if violet is undercover for whitney , then mari 's dead .
and , by the way , briony will be really upset if anything happens to mari , and that will impact your life , so just get over having mari warn violet .
nope , i do n't recognize any of them , but violet knows them .
he did n't trust violet at all .
senator freeman reached out and took violet 's hand even as he nodded and smiled , clearly feeling as though he was safe .
there 's no way the senator and violet believe that whitney put a hit out on him , jack reported .
and violet thinks she 's safe because she managed to get her own team in place .
there was deep affection in mari 's voice when she spoke of violet .
mari trusts violet , but that does n't mean violet 's not part of this whole thing .
mari trusts violet , but that does n't mean violet 's not part of this whole thing .
senator ed freeman and his wife , violet , entered the facility , flanked by the security team .
we want out of this facility , violet .
there was a slight hesitation on violet 's part , but when she replied , her voice was even smoother .
i do n't think you 're all that safe , violet .
mari caught the impression of violet striding down a narrow hall , suddenly looking around herself warily .
answer me , violet , or you 're on your own .
neither violet nor her husband could possibly conceive of the damage ed freeman had done to ken - damage that would last a lifetime .
it sickened mari that violet could love such a man .
mari broke off contact with violet .
mari sank down onto her cot , slamming her mind closed again to violet .
ken , violet is well aware any of the women could tell her husband what 's going on here .
the little group came around the corner , senator freeman and violet surrounded by her security team , whitney leading the way , and , to her disgust , sean walking beside whitney .
for some reason , that embarrassed her and she found it much more difficult to face violet and her husband .
you know my wife , violet .
` ` she 's afraid dr . whitney will hurt the other women , '' violet volunteered .
eyes locked on violet , mari said distinctly , ` ` yes , senator , it 's all true .
he looks triumphant and so does violet .
whitney wanted something from violet and ed freeman , and they were willing to do a deal .
when he heard violet 's answer , his heart somersaulted .
he lifted his eyebrow and gestured freeman and violet and their bodyguards down the hall .
` ` you look like his dog , sean , '' she called after him , furious that both violet and sean could be such traitors .
` ` come on , ed , let 's get out of here , '' violet said , tugging at his arm .
we stopped most of their pursuers , but there 's one hell of a firefight going on between violet 's men guarding the senator and whitney 's supersoldiers .
even violet was out of their circle .
` ` i ' m not a shrinking violet , jubal .
all three weapons pulsed with light and then burst into a violet wash that bathed the walls of the worm 's throat in vivid color .
the worm rocked violently again , thrashing as more smoky violet light poured from the three discs and curled as vapor in every direction .
` ` i ' m not a shrinking violet , '' she reminded him .
it instantly fills the inlet with an ethereal violet light .
everything seems magical , as the night glows violet .
nightfall had turned the back yard into a palette of blue , gray , violet and black , with the silvery light of the moon falling upon the trees and creating rustling shadows .
and her violet gown was made of some material that clung to her as if molded in the wind , revealing taut ni**les , the jut of her hip bones , and even the swell of her mons venus .
he caught a brief glimpse of startling blue eyes that tended toward the violet end of the spectrum .
she sat there , pale and blonde against the shades of indigo and violet and gray that filled the alley .
her eyes were closed of course , but that was one thing he remembered clearly : the intense blue - violet color in them , ringed with black , flecked with dark colors .
he held it in his heart , in his mind , as kritanu had taught him , and looked into narcise 's fathomless violet eyes .
depending on how the light hit it , her hair could even appear violet .
showing a hint of cle**age , the knee - length silk dress was an unusual shade that was somewhere between ice - blue and violet ; the color deepened or lightened depending on how the light captured the material .
look at the way his feathers shine a kind of metallic violet in the light . ''
i saw the demon claws reaching for me through a kaleidoscope of colors that not only had blues and greens , but now also reds and violets , courtesy of ben 's elements joining with mine .
celine 's eyes opened wide , her gray irises now turning to violet and blue swirls and waves , moving around faster and faster .
that violet is so vivid .
` ` oh yeah , because you 're a real shrinking violet . ''
between his long fingers was a deep blue , almost violet rose on a single stem .
lanterns in shades of violet , indigo , emerald , and ruby bumping around on the breeze .
i obliged , rotating slowly to show off the deep flare of the violet silk skirt .
still , with the deep decolletage and my hair twisted up in a knot , the mirror showed a long expanse of bare neck and bosom , rising whitely out of the violet silk .
i squinted at my violet reflection , admiring the glitter of the black - and - gold fish at my throat , but failed to see anything unsettling in my appearance .
the reverend eyed me closely , but i was in fact wearing a riding habit - because it was the only decent set of clothes i owned , besides the violet ball dress and two wash - muslin gowns - and my story passed unchallenged .
the workroom was dark , but a faint , eerie violet glow hovered over the far end of the counter .
i snatched out a handkerchief and plastered it over my nose and mouth as i went toward the site of the violet glow .
i 'd built up the fire under the cauldron of water when i came to bed ; it was hot clear through now , and i dipped out a cup , using what was obviously the captain 's private china , painted with violets .
slowly , almost dreaming , i began to pass through my body , from crown to toes , feeling my way through the long quiet passages of veins , the deep violet color of the sky just before night .
there was no evidence of either trait at the moment ; every rib showed plain , his belly was so sunken that the points of his hip bones poked up sharp through the linen sheet , and his face was approximately the same hue as said sheet , bar deep violet circles under the eyes .
she pulled a bar of violet crumble from her pocket and settled down to wait .
it had been a complicated picture to color , and as bree had just got to the phase where she insisted that things be colored ` ` real , '' the cannon could not be pink or orange , and frank had obligingly drawn several crude cannon on a sheet of paper and tried out everything from gray ( with shadings of black , blue , blue - violet , and even cornflower ) to brown , with tints of burnt sienna and gold , before they finally settled - frank 's opinion as to actual historicity of cannon being diffidently advanced - on black with dark green shadings .
it was the first breath of the new moon , but the whole of it was visible , a perfect ball of violet and indigo cupped in a sickle of light , luminous among the stars .
she was naked , arms and face the color of just - toasted bread , her body white and her privates under their dark - brown bush a wonderful dusky color that was n't either rose or violet or brown , but reminded him of orchids in the forests of jamaica .
it was a pure deep violet at the horizon , fading into a blue - black immensity overhead , and the early stars burned like distant lamps .
i was n't a sexual dynamo or a shrinking violet .
the violet and lilac - hued blossom of the orchid hung heavily from its delicate stem .
` ` i wish you well , then , '' i tell her , fighting the urge to puke down the front of her beautiful violet dress .
one : violet one by one , i watch the people in the rows in front of me stand up and introduce themselves .
even as other people rise to speak , and even though it 's undoubtedly inadvisable , i know i 'll see violet , sex addict again .
three : violet i ca n't get to the door fast enough .
five : violet for a few seconds , my heart feels light .
i probably would ' ve ended up leaving , frustrated , had i not seen the beautiful violet , sex addict standing in the coffee aisle .
violet reaches for a container of coffee and starts to back away .
seven : violet i roll over , turning away from the sun that 's streaming through the window .
i keep a casual eye on the door , waiting for violet , sex addict to appear .
nine : violet ` ` i do n't know how i get myself into these messes , '' i mumble as i lead tia through the door and into the stuffy saa meeting room .
if it were n't for violet , i 'd still be living in my old ways .
` ` violet , why do n't you tell us a little bit about your journey , '' lyle suggests when my silence drags on too long .
` ` what an amazing sponsor you must be , violet . ''
` ` violet , '' i hear a deep and oddly familiar voice say just as we are on our way out the door .
` ` see , violet , you 're always thinking . ''
but not violet .
i want violet , and i 'll do whatever it takes to have her .
eleven : violet ` ` what is this place ? ''
that 's no way to grow up , violet . ''
` ` that 's not the way it is , violet , and you know it .
there 's something about violet , sex addict that just draws me .
i make eye contact with violet 's turbulent gray ones .
i can see by the shock on her face that this is hardly what violet , sex addict was expecting .
he stumbles , knocking violet , sex addict into my arms .
i see red , and am all but ready to tear this guy 's throat out when violet , sex addict straightens away from me and addresses the ass**le .
he watches violet for several seconds with a confused expression before he finally answers , ` ` gary . ''
` ` gary , '' violet begins with a calm , reasonable voice .
it 's impossible to miss as soon as you walk in , and i ' m sure violet did n't miss it .
when violet turns back to me , she looks cool as a cucumber .
i take a step back from violet , giving her the space she needs before she asks for it , and i take her hand .
thirteen : violet when we stop at the bar , i glance back over my shoulder to make sure i can still see tia .
well , it 's nice to meet you , violet .
` ` do n't believe a word he says , violet , '' harley warns .
` ` do n't pay him any attention , violet .
fourteen : jet if i were n't so enjoying violet 's tiny , voluptuous body pressed against mine , i might be inclined to walk right over and punch harley in his big mouth .
` ` violet , harley- '' ` ` there she is , '' she says , pointing to her friend who is obviously having fun with some guys over at the bar .
when we get closer to the bar , violet 's friend looks up and sees her .
she cups her hand around her mouth and whispers loudly to violet , ` ` they 're not really chipmunks , vi . ''
` ` i figured as much , '' violet says patiently , dusting debris off tia 's leg from where she fell .
not yet , '' she whines to violet .
and just like that , i see who violet really is .
impulsively , i stride over and take violet 's arm , moving her out of the way .
i hear violet , obviously shuffling to keep up , whispering to tia , ` ` stop laughing or you 'll make yourself throw up . ''
and her friend is obviously the most selfish bitch in the world to never consider what violet goes through for her .
when i reach the door , violet swings around in front of me , pulling it open and stepping outside ahead of me .
i hear the crunch of violet 's footsteps as she hurries along behind me .
i turn to violet and hold out my hand .
` ` watch her head , '' violet says .
then i turn to violet .
` ` jet , seriously , you- '' i hold violet 's keys up in the air , far over her head where she has no hope of reaching them .
` ` jet ... '' ` ` violet ... '' finally , after watching me for several long seconds , she shakes her head in resignation .
when i hear violet 's motor start , i think to myself that i ca n't remember the last time i was this enthused about something .
fifteen : violet all the way to tia 's house , my eyes keep flickering to the headlights in my rearview mirror .
` ` violet , i ' m gon na be sick . ''
` ` goodnight , violet .
` ` royce wilson , violet 's father . ''
sixteen : jet i know i made the right decision the instant i sit down across from violet in the back corner booth of the little locally owned coffee shop i picked .
i watch violet as she takes a hesitant sip of her frothy drink .
nervously , violet tucks her hair behind one ear and takes another sip of her coffee .
` ` then i ' m sure she 's fine with it , '' violet replies .
suddenly , violet seems inordinately interested in her napkin .
` ` violet , i should n't have- '' she holds up her hand .
` ` violet , please .
` ` you 're a pretty amazing woman , violet .
seventeen : violet it 's been ages since i ' ve spilled my guts like i did with jet over coffee last weekend .
those maintenance men could ' ve killed me , violet ! ''
automatically , my eyes go back to where violet was , but she 's already gone .
nineteen : violet not only have i refused to cry , to shed one single tear over something that was n't even anything , but i ' ve also decided not to sleep evidently .
` ` i deserve that , violet .
` ` i wasn't- '' ` ` you were , violet .
` ` it 's what i do , violet , '' he confesses , his eyes finally rising to meet mine .
` ` you know , i ' ve never thought violet was a color that had much light in it .
and then he pulls away and whispers , ` ` good night , violet . ''
twenty : jet in a way i hope violet does n't show up .
in the rush of the moment , i 'd forgotten violet would be here .
it feels like i ' m singing to violet .
twenty - one : violet watching jet this time is totally different than stumbling upon him last night .
` ` violet , '' he says when he touches my arm , ` ` come on .
` ` pleasure , violet .
why do n't you tell violet good night ?
god , violet , how could i be so stupid ? ''
` ` but violet , you do n't know ... '' ` ` and i do n't have to .
` ` because i ca n't stay away from you , violet .
twenty - three : violet i ' m more than a little disappointed when i scan the crowd and do n't find jet anywhere .
` ` looks like thursdays just are n't his night , violet .
i 'll go with violet . ''
it 's a shame this is where violet 's dad comes .
i lean forward just enough to speak into violet 's ear .
` ` come on , dad , '' violet urges quietly , her voice calm and even .
like an overgrown kid , violet 's dad looks up at her with hopeful , watery eyes .
when he 's wobbling unsteadily in front of her , he looks at me , as though he just now noticed that violet is n't alone .
the thing is , i bet he 's hard as hell for violet to handle .
i realize two things as i make my way to violet 's car , towing her dad along .
i feel more sympathy for violet with every minute that passes .
when i have him tucked into violet 's passenger seat , i climb into the backseat .
i turn to get further direction from violet .
i hold on to his hand as i move away so that he does n't flop back before violet can get his shoes off .
once they 're tossed onto the floor , i ease him down on his back and then pick up his legs and put them up on the bed , straight out from his body while violet adjusts his pillow then tugs the covers up over him .
` ` violet , '' i begin .
` ` violet , '' i begin again .
i can- '' ` ` violet , sit .
i figure violet could use a little calming , whether she knows it or not .
violet is sitting on the couch , her bent arm on the back of the cushion , her head resting in her palm .
` ` you do n't have to forego every little thing in life , on the off chance you could get addicted , violet .
after a long , tense silence , violet speaks .
` ` you know , violet , '' i say , setting my glass down on a coaster on the banged - up coffee table , ` ` maybe one day you 'll come across someone or something that will make you see the difference . ''
when i look back , violet is standing , watching me .
every time i see that look of disgust on violet 's face .
twenty - five : violet after the world 's worst night 's sleep , all i can think about is jet .
it 's violet .
` ` todd , this is my friend , violet . ''
twenty - six : jet the living room is empty when we walk in , so violet and i follow todd to the kitchen .
she stops , mouth open like she 's going to speak , but she says nothing when her eyes settle on violet .
` ` no , i brought violet .
it had n't occurred to me that she might not want violet here , but now that i see her , i realize that it was a huge mistake on my part to bring her .
now i ' m a social worker , '' violet blurts , stepping forward to offer her hand to my mother .
it seems that my mother has brought out the professional side of violet , a side i ' ve never seen before .
it 's nice to meet you , violet . ''
i know she wants to say more , but she does n't want to do it in front of violet , which is unlike her .
i follow her , leaving violet and the boys in the kitchen .
how low i 'd gotten until i found violet .
twenty - seven : violet watching jet with his brothers is unlike anything i ' ve ever experienced .
she crept in with the night , violet streaks on the wind .
drowning in violet , drowning in violet .
drowning in violet , drowning in violet .
do n't pull me out , because i ' m drowning in violet .
but when violet turns in her chair , presumably to look for me , and her eyes stop on mine , i can barely remember what laney looks like .
for several reasons , not the least of which is the way i ' ve misled violet .
` ` i 'd love to stay , but i promised this beautiful woman a ride home , '' i say , referring to violet .
` ` we can stay as long as you want , '' violet says kindly .
i just thought ... '' violet trails off and , when i do n't offer to stay , she stands , grabbing her purse from the back of the chair and saying her good - byes to jake and laney .
i grunt and put my hand on the small of violet 's back , giving jake a nod before i go .
when we get to the car and violet climbs inside , she looks up at me from the passenger seat .
i turn to face violet .
no , i want violet to go for a whole laundry list of personal reasons , the biggest one being that i just ca n't wait any longer to get her alone .
twenty - nine : violet i do n't know what i expected a long car ride with jet to be like .
i look over at violet .
` ` wait , '' violet says , putting her hand on my arm .
i smile and nod , thinking to myself as i guide violet to the elevators that the only thing i need right now is the girl at my side .
seeing violet 's reaction , however , pleases me .
he nods , taking violet 's bag into the room she chose .
i glance at my watch and turn to violet .
i do n't know if violet 's eyes actually show me that she 's disappointed , too , or if it 's just my imagination .
thirty - one : violet it 's unnerving , knowing that jet is just a few feet away while i ' m standing under the spray of warm water , completely naked .
` ` violet , are you all right in there ? ''
thirty - two : jet i ' ve thought violet was hot from the first time i ever laid eyes on her , but i swear to god she gets hotter every time i see her .
` ` so , this must be your associate , violet , '' rand says from across the table .
as hard as it is to tear my eyes away from violet , i do , looking to rand to reply to him .
but he continues before i can , addressing violet instead .
the big , toothy smile that rand gives violet pisses me off , but i figure he 's trying to schmooze .
i ' m not sure which act throws gasoline on my temper - the next comment he makes or the way he 's looking at violet like he was wishing she was on the menu - but one of them definitely does .
thank you for coming , violet . ''
tell me , violet , do you model ?
what the hell kind of an ass**le would hit on violet when she 's clearly with me ?
i ' m too short to model , but i appreciate the compliment , '' violet replies .
` ` violet is a social worker .
she 's one of the kindest people i ' ve ever met , '' i interrupt , regaining violet 's attention and hoping that rand will shut his mouth before i have to shut it for him .
` ` well , it 's our pleasure to have you , violet .
` ` thank you , '' violet says , reaching for a chicken firecracker to put on her bread plate .
paul nods , signaling the waitress who shows up within seconds , taking violet 's drink order and returning with the soda a short time later .
rand keeps his comments to himself , although it chaps my ass every time i look at him and he 's staring at violet or smiling at her , trying to engage her .
i nod at him , brushing my fingertips over violet 's silky shoulder .
after violet finishes her drink , when i assumed we 'd be heading to the ` ` private '' room , paul surprises me with his suggestion .
turning to face violet and the kick execs , i lean against the edge of the table and pick out a few notes as i tune my guitar .
it takes on a whole new meaning since i met violet .
when it 's lying safely against the velvet inside the case , i walk back to the table and sit back down beside violet .
i turn to smile down at violet , anxious to see the excitement in her eyes , but her head is tipped down .
` ` thank you , '' violet says simply , nodding at the trio before she turns to ease away from the table .
i grab my guitar and take off after violet .
` ` i was n't using you , violet . ''
i turn toward violet , stepping in closer , my face inches from hers .
thirty - three : violet his confession takes all of the winds of humiliation and indignation out of my sails .
` ` violet , '' jet warns gruffly , his teeth visibly gritted .
` ` tell me yes , violet , '' jet says , his lips so close to mine i can feel his warm breath on them .
` ` i do n't think i can wait to taste you , violet , '' he says , dropping to his knees in front of me and pushing my legs apart .
` ` do you know how much i want you , violet ? ''
` ` i ' m gon na make you come , violet .
again , i ' m reminded that violet would hate me - even more so now - if she knew what i ' m capable of .
` ` this is not a setback , violet .
we both wanted this , violet . ''
` ` violet , you 're being ridiculous .
with a sob , violet buries her face in her hands .
thirty - five : violet my heart is being ripped apart !
` ` violet , look at me , '' jet demands , his voice not as harsh as it was .
` ` that 's not your fault , violet .
` ` jet , i- '' ` ` do n't ever sell yourself short , violet .
` ` do n't fight it , violet .
for you , violet .
i had just gotten out of the shower with violet , which was a helluva good thing , when i saw the message light blinking on my phone .
as i stared at the closed bathroom door and listened to violet humming happily in the shower , i thought back to her confession .
so here i am , walking away from violet , yet promising her i 'll call .
thirty - seven : violet ` ` are you kidding me ?
` ` violet , you ca n't refuse to take any kind of risk on the off chance you might get hurt .
` ` it 's exactly that easy , violet . ''
i take off after violet .
thirty - nine : violet i keep my head down and move as quickly as i can back through the crowd and out the front doors .
` ` violet , stop !
but what if i 'd met violet under different circumstances and i had n't really seen her ?
somehow , while i thought i was just enjoying myself , violet was making me a better person .
i ' ve lost enthusiasm for anything but figuring out a way to get violet back , to at least talk to her and make her see ... make her see ...
except violet .
or with violet .
forty - three : violet it 's finally friday , the end of one of the worst weeks of my life .
but i can barely finish the thought before he 's leaning in to kiss my cheek , whispering , ` ` good - bye , violet . ''
it 's when i pull into the driveway , thinking of violet when i see the place where she was dropping off her dad that day , that i realize there is something i can do .
forty - five : violet it 's been three weeks since the night jet came to my house to apologize .
` ` no , violet .
` ` it 's nothing bad , violet , '' jet explains , his tone making me feel like a silly girl .
` ` violet , that boy 's in love with you . ''
` ` but he did , violet .
` ` i ' m sorry i hid it from you , violet .
violet , you are the only thing in my life that makes it worth living .
` ` i love you , violet .
forty - six : jet violet 's lush little body is plastered against mine .
i see violet 's lips curve into a suggestive smile as she swivels her hips against mine .
epilogue : violet eight months later ` ` what are we doing here ? ''
` ` say yes , violet .
she looks amazing in a dark purple shirt that brings out that hint of violet in her eyes .
he occasionally called me violet .
she had a dry , sardonic manner , which stood in direct contrast to that of the other friend , violet , whom yvonne had known at school and who seemed to accept the other 's cutting humor and droll put - downs as her due .
` ` violet 's husband .
she did n't remember the man at all , and found it almost funny that he should be little violet 's husband .
bill 's smile of appreciation was so lingering that jennifer glanced twice at violet to make sure she was n't offended .
yvonne , dominic , who was quite high up in the horse guards , and jennifer sat along the window side , with violet , bill , and anne , dominic 's wife , opposite .
` ` do n't pretend to be interested , violet , '' bill said , from the other side of the table .
` ` violet 's rarely interested in anything that is n't pink or blue or starts a sentence with ' mama . '
laurence stirling had turned toward violet .
` ` violet 's stuck at home , and bill 's already three sheets to the wind . ''
` ` i 'll send a car for violet if you 're not careful . ''
bill , who told jokes as if they were only for her approval , who laughingly declared he adored her , even in front of violet .
she no longer believed it might be bill ; it was not that she could n't believe she 'd had feelings for him , but the idea of deceiving violet seemed beyond her , if not him .
her eyes are a startling violet , and ellie wonders briefly whether she 's wearing colored contact lenses .
outside , london is bathed in an evening mist ; the sunset shoots orange flares across the dirty - violet sky .
three mike tina kennedy was wearing a violet brassiere , edged with lace and four , possibly five , mauve rosebuds at the top of each cup .
that violet brassiere was sending me a message .
to the british eye , australian supermarkets are a cornucopia , strange yet familiar , with an abundance of brightly coloured fruit and vegetables punctuated by alien delights such as violet crumbles and green 's pancake shake .
i love you , avery violet ferrand .
laughing , she rolled her violet eyes at me .
her jaw clenched and those incredible violet eyes grew cold .
harper was also broken , something that you could see in her startling violet eyes ; but i admired her deeply for how brave she had been .
flowers of red and deep violet framed every doorway , and golden streamers crisscrossed the paths between booths built especially for festival traders .
the sphere was glowing purple , a deep shade of violet that seemed to suck the light from the room .
this time , though , a seething violet glow gushed out from the engine housings of the pursuing ship , and the fractal sacrifice plunged forwards at a terrifying rate , rushing down on the dubious profit as she swung end over end .
perry walters , violet calls from the podium .
i turn to face a smiling violet black , who gives me a big hug , despite my horrid appearance .
adam congratulates violet for another great reallocation ceremony .
russell lynes chapter four violet takes me to one three bedroom suite while victor takes my brothers to another .
the front door opens and in come violets kids .
why would he pretend to be homeless when he s violet and victor blacks son ?
the yelling gets bad enough that violet arrives .
all of you , violet says to the rest of the doctors and nurses .
they re quick to head to the break room but violet stops me .
so its lovely of you to accommodate me , violet .
but i ve got others to answer to besides you , violet responds .
the door opens and a perfectly polished violet and victor enter .
raul , get her restraints off and then wait outside the door , violet says .
i ve spent most my time with violet and have nt really gotten to know him at all .
i lunge at violet , knocking her back and pinning her to the ground .
i m forced to stand in a meet and greet line for an hour next to violet and victor black .
violet and victor black do nt suspect a thing .
i answer and am horrified to see violet .
but , i have nt yet and am not going to , regret a single one of the things i have to do to take down violet and victor black and the entire sci .
with a father like mine , i was never going to be a shrinking violet .
we all would like to know what his plans are , i m sure , offered a fourth woman wearing a gaudy crown of jewels on her violet and silver hair bun .
seth complained about the latter , mentioning that sarah 's time would have been better spent developing something less frivolous , but accepted to become a test subject and walked around with deep violet tresses for a couple of weeks until her body filtered out the dye .
their skins reacted quickly to the light intensity on terra two , whose suns , though muted in the hazy skies , put out a lot of ultra violet radiation ; they developed a healthy glowing tan .
his eyes turned crystalline violet in color , and anger flushed his face red .
stepping toward him , she felt her body start to warm , her eyes starting to flash between brown and violet .
she had it commissioned with shades of violet woven into the golden handle .
she felt her eyes changing to their violet shading .
yes , one with a golden hilt , with violet strands mixed in .
hamza watched her eyes dilate , the changing of the purple as her coloring burned violet .
he could see the light violet shade sparkling though .
her tiny little face looked up at him , the violet in her eyes sparkling .
nikole looked up at him with her bright violet eyes shining at him .
when his emotions take control of him , his eyes turn a shade of violet .
her eyes shift to violet when she gets worked up with any emotion .
his eyes changed to violet when his emotions started to flare , but unlike nikole , they did not stay that way , because he could not maintain the control necessary to keep the elements .
the papers discussed ultra violet light , gamma rays , and how to avoid detection through the use of certain colors .
the ribbon that extruded from his forehead started a deep , navy blue , but as it grew , there were greens and yellows interwoven with violet and shocking pink .
pale flickering flashes of violet lighting intermittently lit parts of it from within , in complete silence .
the process of metabolizing the poison caused them to glow a bright violet .
she watched in fascination as the sky faded to violet and then utter black .
especially because they all seemed backlit by a violet colored light being given off by the skeletal structure at the heart of her .
he often wondered if it was the pale purple - grey tone of his skin or the deep iridescent violet of his eyes that made everyone look at him the way they did .
the two of them locked eyes , warm walnut staring back into vibrant violet .
and while the gael - noir was a notoriously difficult race to read , he thought he could spot a subtle shift in the deep violet eyes that hinted at the fact he might be reaching him .
the flat street now looked like a rippling mirror , reflecting the violet glow the nearest building had shifted to .
the eyes , violet and glazed , stared upwards .
his unusually coloured violet eyes strayed to the woman , then he blinked and looked quickly away .
their eyes met and held , violet to green .
not entirely comprehending such a cryptic comment bene turned , his violet eyes a little wild .
he looked at a little girl who , apart from her deep violet eyes , was a copy of cynthas , this child 's hand clasped by a blond youth who led her through the gates of a city wall .
his hair was , if possible , madder than ever , and the violet eyes looked tragic .
she 'd inherited the elfin - shaped face from her mother cynthas , and the large violet , almost purple eyes that were always merry , from her mage father .
they were a very deep violet , almost purple , very like mam 's , said sarehl , one day on a giggle .
this time autoc met the violet gaze unflinchingly , but with a considerable amount of awe .
the deep violet eyes she was born with never changed .
the head came up again , as big violet eyes met the scholar 's .
the colour she now wore round her eyes accentuated the depth of violet and enhanced already huge and luminous eyes .
their eyes met , the scholar 's impossibly blue and myme chlo 's velvety violet .
big violet eyes stared up at the scholar .
he saw terrified violet eyes stare up at him before he brushed his hand across the young forehead .
his lips were outlined in gold before painted deep red , his eyes lined with charcoal , the eyelids painted from blue at the lashes to deeper violet at the eyebrows and his eyelashes were combed .
a smaller , gray canas partly materialised , shimmered , then strengthened to hold steady , the violet eyes apprehensive .
all autoc could see were the big violet eyes that looked directly up at him .
jaim watched as the violet eyes met mage blue ones and there was a stillness about both figures as their minds melded .
estbane looked across at the little dragonet , to see , for the first time , that without conscious thought she 'd coloured to blue but then suddenly changed to auburn gold , her unusual violet eyes less troubled when they looked into his .
bene shook his head again and the guardian saw the large and unusual violet eyes light up briefly .
she was quite startled by this , her large violet eyes betraying her incredulity .
when a hand touched his shoulder he glanced up , saw complete understanding in the wise violet eyes and rapidly blinked his own .
the younger mage noticed that every so often the intensity of the violet in the eyes dulled then faded .
` ` i see a young man here , my lord , who 's the image of his sister , only his eyes are darker than her violet .
as the carrier began to move , he peered out between bands of violet bunting meant to disguise the vehicles armor and focused on landmarks : the hillside that rolled down from the campus to the city beyond , the distinct shapes of buildings against the winter sky .
but in jay she saw a mind murky with violets and deeps reds , bathed in the blackness of the void , and when she looked upon jay , she saw only a mass of confusion and deception .
the council of alons slowly filed in , wearing ceremonial garb replete with rich blues , violets and orange , laced with silver , but also dressed in faces of condescending arrogance .
mist rose up from the ravine , swallowing the ribbons in a swirl of deep violets and reds .
day is surrendering to dusk , and the sky is a pale shade of violet .
pavun knew from the manual that the man on the cover held the rank of violet .
deep violet and clear as ever .
i get this phone call from my sister , violet : violet : how could you not tell me ?
do i lie to violet ?
` ` then , i email the draft of what become the first few chapters of this volume to several people : zephyr ; my mom , rose vogel ; my two sisters , violet engel and cassandra ( cassie ) ackerman ; and my friend , franco galina , whom i believe will be interested . ''
my two sisters , violet ( age 12 ) , cassie ( age 17 ) , our mom , rose ( age 46 ) , our sister - in - law , raisa ( age 24 ) and i ( age 23 ) are sitting at the kitchen table during one of my rare visits home from new england , where i live from 1974 - 98 .
those with slighter variations on the physiological gender identity that their chromosomes and/or genitalia seem to dictate turn shades of lavender , violet , mauve , with no obvious reason for these variations .
clara ackerman branon you 're old violet ackerman engel you 're older ! ! !
chapter thirty - four photos and captions dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . ( center , seated ) , with holograms of the many worlds collective delegation ( l - r ) , mick , ringo , led , janis diana , 1/3/13 , kirov , california dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator ( l ) , with esperanza enlaces ( r ) , media contact , for many worlds collective , 1/6/13 , kirov , california , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator , with holo of led , lead delegate from the many worlds collective , 1/6/13 , kirov , california , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator , with son , zephyr branon , 5/22/13 , new york city , new york , usa esperanza enlaces , media contact for the many worlds collective , pulitzer prize winner , 5/22/13 , new york city , new york , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , templeton prize recipient for 2014 , with previous recipients , h. h. the xiv dalai lama and others ( see full listing ) , 5/12/14 , london , england ringo , mick and led ( holos , l - r ) , many worlds collective delegates , with holos of angelina and meryl , first liaisons for cetaceans and primates , 7/14/14 , kirov , california , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator ( seated , center ) for the many worlds collective , with 200 representatives from global unity leaders council # 1 , 6/8/15 , the hague , the netherlands , first annual gathering dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , cc , for the mwc , with ( l - r ) husband , epifanio ( fanio ) dang ; son , zephyr branon ; zephyrs father , abraham branon wood , 6/19/15 , the hague , the netherlands dr . clara ackerman branon , cc , mwc , and branons mother , rose vogel ( both seated , center ) , with ( l - r ) vogels other children : cassandra ackerman , violet engel , dr . thomas ackerman , 4/27/17 , vogels 85th birthday , la manche , missouri , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator , many worlds collective , with ( holos , l - r ) led , ringo , mick , janis diana , delegates from the mwc , accepting the nobel peace prize , 12/12/16 , oslo , norway dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , chief communicator ( seated , center ) , many worlds collective , with 250 representatives from global unity leaders council # 2 , 6/8/26 , the hague , the netherlands , second annual gathering clara branon ( 80 ) ( seated , far left ) and ( l - r ) husband , epifanio dang ( 79 ) , with branons son , zephyr ( 55 ) , and wife ( seated , far right ) , kayla ( 53 ) , and their two children , ( standing , l - r ) kendall ( 18 ) and bryce ( 14 ) , kendalls high school graduation , 6/3/35 , lifton , california , usa dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , earth , milky way , sol , chief communicator and husband , epifanio dang ( holos ) , at the intergalactic council annual meeting , main building , earth date 8/22/36 , branons birthday celebration , with unnamed celebrants from many galaxies ( full list of attendees and photos of each available at : mwcw.igcannualmeetings.verse/ccbranonbirthday , earth date 8/22/36 ) panel , the future of earth and the many worlds collective , ceremony for the retirement of dr . clara ackerman branon , ph.d . , earth , milky way , sol , igc main building , earth date : december 22 , 2040 ( full list of attendees and photos of each available at : mwcw.igcspecialmeetings.verse/ccbranonretirement , earth date 12/22/40 ) thousands of other photos , vids , and assorted memorabilia ( e.g. , articles , postings , chief communicators public log , volumes 1 10 of the spanners ) available at : mwcw.ccbranondocumentation.verse , earth dates 12/22/12 6/30/41 .
astral annie floated through space in sweeping violet robes .
neil put the portable viewer he was carrying on the dark brown plastic table then moved a vase of tiny dark violet colored wild asters aside he had picked next to the barn in a hidden sheltered corner and started to sort through the black colored microforms .
it is in the centre of the dashboard , next to a series of violet switches .
-- journal of alcander atendere 8 , 6:13 six days after the death of beros evetorropelo the apartment of paulos gaent inspector paulos gaent woke just after the sunlight hit the violet waters of upper suna bay .
for gaent , the rug also showed the grays and greens and violets of the summer seas .
teria blinked and realized that she had been staring out at the dark violet waters of the intera as the sun descended .
in the middle of the room was a strange lantern on a pedestal that gave off a vibrant violet glow that completely filled the room .
with that word , in the dimness of the hallway , barely visible violet light illuminated a portion of the tube and torret carefully bent it .
the shimmering expanse of violet water extended toward the far - off island of trysorta .
the window , cracked open , was a shade of dark violet , characteristic of an old treatment used to block sunlight from documents and books .
there were ornate tapestries draped all around the room , some white in color , but most were mixed violet .
* * * * table of contents title page book one : the eleven hour fall chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten book two : the elemental crossing chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty book three : kate of kratos chapter twenty - one chapter twenty - two chapter twenty - three chapter twenty - four chapter twenty - five chapter twenty - six chapter twenty - seven chapter twenty - eight chapter twenty - nine chapter thirty about the author bonus excerpt book one the eleven hour fall chapter one falling for remington spindrift from a nearby cornice curled out over the edge of the mountain and streamed into the violet unknown .
the violet storm covered one - hundred - and - thirty degrees of their vista to the west .
a purple tree that blazed for at least thirty seconds before dying to leave the surrounding sea glowing violet .
her ebony skin slowly adopted a smidgen of violet .
the twin suns winked through roving clouds , sparking a violet magnesium lightshow in that ionised cumulus , a brainstorming of the heavens .
the violet arteries erupted with anatomical continuity .
acknowledgements thanks to magherita without whom this book would nt have happened thanks to tom flood for editing and feedback thanks to kate hogan for editing and feedback thanks to anne smith for the faith thanks to phillip k. dick for inspiration thanks to peter carey for inspiration foreword sonnet 12 when i do count the clock that tells the time , and see the brave day sunk in hideous night ; when i behold the violet past prime and sable curls all silverd oer with white ; when lofty trees i see barren of leaves which erst from heat did canopy the herd , and summers green all girded up in sheaves , born on the bier with white and bristly beard ; then of thy beauty do i question make , that thou among the wastes of time must go , since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake , and die as fast as they see others grow ; and nothing gainst times scythe can make defence save breed , to brave him when he takes thee hence .
when my eyes adjusted , i was startled to see the sky above , not a dull red , but a blue violet .
all dreams feel real like that , violet .
i asked her hurriedly , putting both of my hands on her face , violet !
i can feel concern for someone down to my core , as i did with violet then , but that should not suggest that when there is an emotional outpouring , i can remedy it .
you did what , violet ?
she 's violet .
i had seen the girl around the house every day of every summer since violet had been in seventh grade .
why violet would resort to murder to dispatch her best friend , i was not sure .
when you said that ... violet was looking at me now with her luminous , searching , brown eyes , they cut off .
i asked violet hurriedly as the three of us went storming into the house .
everything else can wait , violet .
i want you to think about violet and elijah .
not one of us , not even penny or violet , spoke of my parents again .
maura kept her arms around violet and penny in the backseat , but they still jumped up to watch our house shrink further and further away until it was out of sight .
i had been turned around , looking at maura , violet , and penny as they slept .
because they did nt want me to involve elijah and violet .
i m getting there , violet .
to say the most , you are beginning to , as violet would say , ' creep me out . '
i looked over at penny , maura , violet , and elijah , all of whom were still sleeping peacefully .
i grasped her hand , and we strode ahead of elijah , maura , violet , and james .
i heard violet mutter to maura softly .
but you had the dream , violet , so you can surmise .
they screwed everyone , violet .
they were nothing to me , violet .
you are right , violet .
she said after a long moment of watching me , my stars , this is disappointing i raised you better than this drama , violet mae .
but she does nt hate them , violet .
look , i know that you love your parents , violet .
you know that , violet .
do nt torture yourself , violet .
when did you see that , violet ?
i know what just happened , violet .
is nt that what faithful people like you are supposed to believe , violet ?
in the heat of the moment ( and believe me , it was a firestorm ) , we had not notice violet walking down the hallway with her headphones plugged into her ears .
i was not quite sure what that meant , but violet insisted on going , saying she needed her spirits to be boosted by the idealism present in all of the films .
i do nt know , maura replied , maybe you should have gone with violet .
i covered her up with the thin blanket and sat down across from her on violet 's bed .
i knew that she and violet fell asleep every night clasping hands across the space between them .
elijah and violet have been requesting that she stop her frequent binge - drinking for many years now .
on a much less lighthearted note , does maura say that she wished she had committed infanticide with violet and elijah , too ?
that is what occurs in those ridiculous movies violet is watching .
because elijah and violet had moved in front of us , james knew it was temporarily safe to put his arm around my waist as we walked .
i heard violet shrieking .
where are penny and violet ?
since , thanks to violet , we were so close to the front of the crowd , people behind us pushed us forward slightly .
keep penny back , i told violet , if anything happens do nt say that !
i snapped out of my mesmerized daze and turned to see penny , maura and violet being shoved forward , struggling to stay on their feet .
my eyes found penny , who was walking between maura and violet , grasping both of their hands .
maura turned violet and penny away and paid me no mind , which had become custom since our disagreement .
i walked back to where maura , elijah , penny , and violet were standing together and chattering nervously .
but what she did was purely wrong , violet .
i was pacing in front of the tent as maura , elijah , penny , my father , and violet slept .
vomit keep violet and penny back .
you wo nt take elijah or violet , either .
i told violet .
but dad said that if we go into the woods violet started .
i snapped at him as i busied my hands with untangling violet 's headphone cords .
i looked back at violet and elijah .
and no , violet , it has nothing to do with the fact that i saved your asses once !
now she was clutching penny in her arms and keeping a firm grasp on violet 's hand .
i would kill anyone i had to if that was what it took to protect violet , penny , elijah , and myself .
i ran to maura , yanked penny from her arms , and looked at violet for one moment , only to fill her head with the thought to follow .
with the other , i pulled violet along .
i threw penny to violet and ran the length of the distance between us and him .
but violet had been the first to order me not to kill him .
i turned to look , expecting to see elijah or violet standing there .
elijah , violet , and even penny report the same blank spot in their memories where her face once blossomed in comforting familiarity .
penny and violet she muttered to elijah as he grasped her arms to steady her .
the sounds in the forest had resumed their deafening musical number , and i screamed over the noise for elijah , violet , and penny .
we can not have this conversation now while violet , penny , and elijah are out there alone .
twenty people have died since we got here , violet !
i cut off the discussion about my sacrificial tendencies in regards to penny , elijah , and violet before it began .
i could not picture elijah , penny , or violet being hurt .
well find your sister , violet .
but when we find her , violet says she s going to be so excited !
its the instincts , violet !
no amount of reapers or those scouts that had attacked violet could bring forth such speed in me .
i felt no fear besides perhaps the greatest fear of all : violet was going to die .
i had left her with elijah , quinn , alice , and whoever that boy was who had been with violet when that awful event had occurred .
if violet died , i would kill that boy .
i would do or say anything to save violet .
adam beckoned to the animal skin rugs and james laid violet down on them .
james was lightly grasping my shoulders now and tugging me away from violet .
i looked at violet , who was fading before my eyes .
i screamed at them as the girl led the creature over to violet .
i was desperately trying to get to violet now .
i would lose my life trying to end his if he tried to take violet from me .
after a short hesitation , jamess hands tightened on me from behind just as the dagger was plunged deep into violets stomach .
i watched in horrified fascination as my blood on the knifes blade mixed visibly with violets .
once the blue blaze had snuffed out , he pressed the dagger to each wound on violets body .
i turned back to him , still holding both of jamess arms around me as i dropped to my knees beside violet .
he picked violet up again and turned to the door .
it was the creatures that had attacked violet .
she asked brynna as james laid violet down on the ground .
whatever the reason for our prolonged survival , were here now , and violet is alright .
we turned to see violet sit up suddenly .
she wrapped her arms around violets neck and pulled her close .
brynna demanded softly as she grasped both of violet 's hands in her own .
she was no longer hugging violet or comforting her .
brynna barked at him as she stood up ; he flinched and backed up a step , and despite ourselves , james , elijah , and i laughed softly , prompting violet to scowl at us .
but honestly , violet , what were you thinking ?
i looked at violet who was wiping at her eyes quickly and sniffling with each new , soft sob that took her .
those things her voice dropped to a whisper , and all anger towards me faded as she looked at violet .
i fell for it , too , violet .
the attack on violet posed the same question .
clear , violet answered , because you re boring .
oh , kate elijah sighed and looked up at the sky , thank god for her , man every movie , violet answered , that was a trick question .
violet pointed up to the top of a cliff that rose eerily out of the trees .
brynna cleared her throat and pushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear as she turned to violet .
first of all , violet , at this point in time , you are the only one out of this merry band of survivors to make a disgustingly foolish decision that almost ended your life .
penny replied as she defiantly narrowed her eyes at violet .
do you hear that , violet ?
i looked back at violet , but she had turned away to look up at the top of the cliff .
violet asked , the forest is huge .
elijah ran to jump in the water , but violet grabbed his hand and held him back .
penny was telling violet as she shook her head back and forth with wide eyes .
when that thing popped up ... violet giggled half - hysterically now as she shook with adrenaline .
james , brynna , elijah and violet were already gone .
i do n't know what you would like for me to say , violet .
but they 'll never last , violet .
ignore the little girl , violet , brynna replied , she is just trying to be heard .
during the time that i raised penny , i was also chiefly responsible for violet , who was reaching the age where maura and my mother deemed her stable enough in her own identity and in her own capabilities to stand on her own .
he was younger than violet , and yet he was sent out with a gun to dispatch a threat .
james said firmly , and when i went to continue , he grasped my face and shook his head to warn me against speaking further on the subject of penny , violet , and elijah .
an unfamiliar voice belonging to a young man who had just realized that i was not nearly as unconscious as i appeared to be ... my mind had risen up for one brief moment to alert itself that elijah , penny , and violet were near .
i know , i pressed my forehead to his again , they have violet , penny , and elijah .
they are offering us shelter , protection , food i looked at him , it will be good for penny and violet to be around other people .
he s nothing , violet repeated , its that other guy .
natives , shadows , cave - people , monstrous squid - sharks he looked between violet and elijah , the list will go on the longer we stay out there .
elijah and violet were convinced by what he had said .
elijah corrected me , violet is still mad that they left us to fight by ourselves in the cave .
while violet was clearly at her wits end from hearing so many of my overly logistical musings on things , james and elijah were both laughing hysterically after that particular one .
it is about the fact that when i look at james , i see a brave , humorous , painfully good - looking man who cares deeply about you , violet , penny , and me .
elijah and violet know absolutely nothing of that , and i intend to keep it that way , james .
that s why violet gets the brunt of my insanity .
you know , i look at violet and penny , and i can not imagine turning them away if they came to me with that .
he said that you , penny , and violet would be working in the kitchen , and that i would be put there .
he exclaimed as he and violet both laughed , a raging environmentalist , my girlfriend is .
when we sat down beside penny and violet , he did not look at me .
i would forget how afraid i was for the lives of penny , violet , elijah , and james .
when i looked up , violet had swayed off into the crowd of those dancing by the open windows .
we need to find violet .
i replied as we descended the stairs , have either of you seen violet ?
* * * when i found violet and nick , they were lying in the dew - covered grass out in front of the house .
i shuddered to imagine that violet had moved from infatuation to a physical romance with the young man .
yes , violet nodded with her eyebrows raised , you would .
as enough distance was put between violet and me , i looked up at james .
i would not argue with james in front of her the way my mother and father had fought viciously in front of elijah , violet , and me .
i held my hand out behind me and mimed silently for elijah and violet to stay away until she was asleep .
i turned and huffed away before opening and closing the door to violet 's room .
then , he slammed me down hard on violet 's bed .
he shouted over his shoulder , presumably at violet , alice , and quinn to stay back .
adam looked back at me before grabbing a hold of jamess shirt and hauling him over to the door of violets bedroom .
* * * a note from violet was on the nightstand , placed right where my eyes would fall when they opened .
james and i sat beside her as violet and elijah paced outside in the hallway .
as a result , i believed subconsciously that violet was making a mistake that i had long taught her never to make .
i know you sit and worry about the future and what it holds for you , for me , for us , for violet , for penny ... constantly .
she worked in the kitchen with brynna , violet , and penny all day .
do nt fret , violet .
elijah snapped at her , and do n't spread your lies to violet !
i hate them all for letting it happen and for blaming you for lucien ... violet ... she whispered , and warmth finally emerged in her words .
my stars , violet mae !
he 's probably violet 's age .
i love you too , violet .
i walked away from violet knowing something terrible was on the horizon .
as i kissed violet 's head and left her there to tend to penny , i swore to fight the impending event until my very last breath .
we 're going to get home to penny and violet before you know it .
violet used to place her hands palm of one rested on the back of the other , and twiddle her thumbs , calling the gesture in a dull monotone the awkward turtle .
the house was in flames , and violet and penny were running , running , running the other natives had been watching , knowing they were not our primary enemy .
get to violet and penny , my mothers voice , warm and welcome , spoke over the snidely unsympathetic bitch in me .
i tried to get penny and violet back from them , but they shot at me !
i loved violet and penny so much , i felt my heart splitting , quite literally , at the thought of losing them .
i will go in there and kill every last one of their people if it means that i will get violet and penny back .
if you had nt insisted on this war , penny and violet would still be with us .
the feeling of foreboding that had failed to warn me of the danger penny and violet were in dragged its claw - like fingernails through my chest .
but violet and penny were in need of rescue , and i would not lose them to anyone , least of all the bachums and the natives who had aligned with them .
i had wronged both of them in so many ways ; i had deprived violet of my love after she had reached a certain age , and penny had been born only to rectify my deadly mistake .
alice suffered a gunshot wound because she refused to allow penny and violet to be taken .
now , i was seeing that those i held dearest to me , meaning elijah , penny , and violet , would hold sway over my actions .
i also did not want you or violet to ever carry that burden , even minimally .
for years , i hated everyone except for you , violet , and penny .
i told violet this , and i will tell you as well : do not change your feelings towards them on my behalf .
i left you to raise violet and penny by yourself .
once we get penny and violet back , we will start everything over .
i ran into the house through the backdoor , shouting for alice , penny , and violet .
i heard violet shouting .
she followed after violet , and i ran beside her .
he was just with violet before !
i m sorry about violet and penny .
i m sorry that violet and penny were taken .
ask them politely to give violet and penny back ?
those who were responsible for violet and penny being taken will also pay the ultimate price .
our fear for violet and penny would have quickly crippled us had our adrenaline not begun to work quietly .
i hate that we 're on opposite sides of this , violet .
we survived the end of days , violet .
but the people who made it and have embraced those powers ... maura shook her head , they have to die , violet .
i had to think of the whole and not the parts , violet .
i ca n't , and i have tried , violet ; believe me , i ve tried .
but that was my son , violet .
she was so profoundly selfish , violet .
but she 's alright now , violet .
so , this is the famous violet olivier .
mary , i was just about to tell violet about who we ' ve arranged for her .
i asked , furrowing my brows , who are you ... violet !
now , gentlemen , i 'd like to talk to violet alone .
that 's not the case , violet .
that was n't a home , violet .
it 's the best way to live , i promise you , violet .
do n't look , violet !
you gave us quite a scare , violet .
be clever , violet .
i felt just awful , violet .
we understand , violet .
we 're going to be alright , violet .
we 'll draw violet when she 's mad .
yes , violet .
that s what they re for , violet .
they hurt me , violet .
those terrible men they are so cruel , violet !
i am lying , violet !
this book is about convening with demons , violet .
brynna 's favorite books ... witchcraft is a sin , violet .
no , violet , that 's not how it happened .
i could nt imagine the permanence of death when penny and violet were still missing .
you may chalk this up to an effort on my part to tailor all of their actions mentally to involve me , but i think that they took penny and violet to distract me .
i ca nt stop thinking about what penny and violet might be enduring .
standing a few feet from her light , violet was thinking of nick and the telling of a long - held secret .
i looked her over before turning my searching gaze to violet , whom elijah was now practically suffocating in an embrace .
i heard a shriek of joy behind me , and alice was flying through the trees , running to violet and penny .
quinn told violet .
though it was a doubtful scenario , i was starting to wonder if adam was , as violet would put it , into me .
i snapped at adam as i watched violet grab hold of don and throw him off of maura .
his hands were wrapped around violets wrist , and he had been in the motion of pushing her away from him forcefully .
throughout the entire duration of the walk , violet never stopped screaming at don .
she had been crying , begging to see violet , who , as she claimed , would explain everything .
i had nt told the grim truth to elijah , whom i could hear shouting enraged promises of violence out in the hallway or violet , who was sobbing openly .
he saved violet and asked for nothing in return .
elijah and violet were in the room , looking between the two of us in concern and curiosity .
for hours , she had cried for elijah and violet .
in violet 's soft cry , i heard a plea for my merciful repentance .
when she spoke , she spoke to my father , violet , her mother , elijah , penny , and lucien .
i told elijah and violet , who looked at me curiously .
i held violet tighter , focusing my energy on keeping my tears at bay .
i told violet softly .
there was nothing you could have done , violet mae .
did you hear elijah and violet ?
my immediate action upon reentering the hall was to embrace violet .
i knew that james was smart enough to hide violet , elijah , penny , alice , and quinn within their age - old shelter .
the screens flashed violet three times and a harsh siren sounded .
news arrived to the akgu household in the traditional manner : a broken sword , dark violet robe and dented helmet were brought in a plain tarwood box marked with the symbol of kurkand , the god who tended the dead in the last world .
a faint blue light flickered about him and in the depths of his dark violet eyes .
she looked at him , his unchanged violet eyes , mirrors to his inner turmoil .
as a result , seynorynaelian blood was dark violet and seynorynaelians needed far less oxygen than their humanoid relations .
among the radiant violet clouds and shining pinpoints of light , a thousand perils laythe black hole singularities , gravity fluctuations , runaway stars and cold , dark matter .
at the same time , violet blood dripped from the hole in his body where the intense beam of that unnatural fire had struck him .
the bright blue sky had given way to long violet shadows in the pale light of late evening .
meanwhile , defying death , the pilot had summoned stubborn energy to drag himself away , scraping himself along the sandy ledge , despite the line of dark violet dripping from a deep rend in his abdomen .
fynals listened to his father 's stories of outfitting the new colony and exploring the outer planets to set up supply routes , fascinated by his father 's descriptions of the great violet colored nebulae , the asteroid fields between tulor and its colony pior , and the giant outer planets of the tulorian system .
frankly , i ca nt see much value in them , and if a squiggle of violet color is supposed to represent our suffering , perhaps i need a corrective eye procedure .
now she saw the color of his eyes : like clear blue water , the green light of the trees , the violet of the sunset , the silver - golden glints of the sun .
it was nt from the flames , but from the violet canopy under which we lay beneath the heavens .
the violet hue lit up her face and i could see a bit of the landscape through the transparent parts of the canopy that she had created .
i made eye contact with her one last time before the violet canopy dissolved , allowing the radiation and fire to fall onto my skin and scorch what was left of me .
a daily wash of ultra - violet sanitized this place , hard radiation , baking the surface .
elijah , violet , and lucien would have been raised by parents who loved them and who loved each other .
i know that i must have been somewhere between because i remember distinctly the barrage of images and sounds that ran rampantly through my vulnerable mind : james , violet , penny , and eli , all alive , but very tired ; don struggling to keep hisourpeople from revolting and going off on their own ; adam 's mind struggling to steel itself against my unintentional invasions , during which i would discover that his condition was worsening far more quickly than it should have been , and he could not heal himself despite how hard he was trying .
my mind wandered back to a camping expedition i had taken with violet 's brownie tribe , or whatever they are called .
on it , violet had watched in rapt , almost gleeful interest as wilderness experts taught her and her friends how to build fires and even an easy leaf - fort , as he called it , but i found out later through research of my own that it was actually called a debris hut .
what 's that , violet ? !
i went with violet on a camping trip once .
well , let us see your love for penny and violet .
i ca n't imagine what violet is doing to her hair ; penny only likes pigtails , which are two ponytails on either side of her head , or two braids on either side of her head , or sometimes , wearing it down and curled .
tell me more about violet .
i feel that i am an adequate sister to violet and elijah , an above - average surrogate mother to penny , and a loving girlfriend to james .
i am going to take care of myself , violet , and penny , and forget all about this stupid war !
still , my mind , rapidly moving between so many different thoughts and emotions , reminded me that on the ship , over a year earlier , i had screamed at violet to suppress her urge to cause pain because we were not barbarians , at least not yet .
my ears perked up as soon as her hand touched mine ; i was listening for violet , whom she had been consoling since our walk began .
alice and i both knew just how terrible violet 's grief was because we had both experienced it .
just like violet , we had both lost two parents .
brynna , violet , and elijah had won the respect of don 's people by contributing their equal share , being kind ( or in brynna 's case , tepid ) , and working hard .
if violet calmed herself down enough to listen , and if elijah turned his attention away from his grieving sister for just a moment , they would hear the people talking quietly about that .
now , he 's responsible for violet and penny .
you , brynna , eli , violet , penny , and james are my family now , and i just want to know every day that i do n't have to worry about you guys .
she could close her eyes and find penny , violet , elijah , james , and me , and yet i could n't find her .
he never said he would hurt her , violet .
just do n't say that , violet .
that 's true , obviously , but that attachment to her formed immediately , violet .
my entire life has changed since she came into it , violet .
it has plenty to do with it , violet , but that 's okay .
yeah , i ' m terrified of them , violet .
he does n't just want her power , violet .
what if violet and nick come over and stay the night , or something ?
why would violet and nick spend the night when violet lives right next door , and he lives with tom and mike right across the way ?
you know brynna wo n't let him stay over in violets room .
all of a sudden , violet does n't care , either .
i was just wondering if you would stay behind and keep an eye on violet and penny ?
yes , i will stay behind to look after violet and penny .
nor do i think brynna or violet would ever do it .
yeah , i hear about rael from violet and allie all the time i said with an eye roll , they say he s the spitting image of denzel washington in training day .
penny and violet ?
that is really rude , and it is irrelevant , and i am going with nick and quinn , and violet and penny are probably sleeping .
ms . olivier violet .
you do know that , violet , do nt you ?
it would have been so easy to hate them and subsequently kill them if they were simply sadistic dictators causing pain for the sake of causing pain , whose worship in their violet god was merely the superficial reason they gave for their violent acts .
the food was perfect , too , violet mae .
i would have taken care of violet , too .
they did n't do what they said they were going to do , and i ' ve experienced what he was going to do before , and i survived it , and i do not want to be drugged , and unaware , and if i ' m drugged , i ' m away from penny and violet again .
i was not going to wake alice , penny , or violet to inform them that i had arrived , even though i wanted so desperately to hold penny close and tell her how much i had missed her .
i snapped at him , penny and violet are asleep !
no , but ... would i let you around penny and violet ?
you would pack up penny and violet , and you 'd go if you thought i was a danger to you ?
my eyes snapped open , and i found that not only was james in the room with me , but violet and alice were , too .
when violet and alice returned , i laid on my stomach as james cleaned the deep claw - marks in my side with the acid root .
as james dressed the wounds , careful to keep me covered enough that alice and violet could not see my other more severe injuries , i answered the questions posed to me by them as concisely as possible .
i said as violet and james laughed softly .
alice and violet stayed with us , chattering about all that had happened when i did not show up .
she told me after a long minute of silence , and james burst out laughing in that borderline maniacal way that he did only in response to jokes made by penny , violet , or me .
after she was gone , and after his laughter had subsided ( which took at least five minutes ) , i pulled james close to me and kissed him , for no other reason than that i was suddenly very thankful that he was there with me , that our issues had resolved , that violet approved of that resolution , and that we could continue to be the strangest makeshift family there ever was .
james would not tell me no matter how many threats i made , but alice , quinn , and violet were keeping the same secret from me , and i intended to find out what it was before the morning was over .
james told me gently after i sent violet , quinn , and alice back to bed ; i felt terribly that i had awoken them , and as the sun was only just beginning to extend its reach from under the horizon , they could still sleep for a little longer before penny awoke and all resting for the remainder of the day would be completely impossible ; once she was awake , she was ready to play and wreak mischievous havoc on all those around her .
we both grinned again , and i rested my forehead against his as he carried me out into the living room where violet , alice , and now quinn were fast asleep with a pack of cards strewn on the table and pieces of dried fruit and random vegetables in the center .
but if i see violet carrying around a blunt weapon ... we will promptly take it away , and send her to her room first , and a counseling session with dr . welles second .
i had yet to thank him for taking care of violet and penny and for guiding them to safety .
i narrowed my eyes , feeling my lips push outward to form what violet would call a kissing - face ( which she made often in pictures that were later posted on her internet social site ) and penny would call the fish - face .
quinn when james and brynna had returned from rescuing savannah and her children , we were hanging out at the house of olivier with violet , so alice and i got a front row seat to the reunion of penny and brynna .
anyway , violet and i were talking , and at the same time , we both sensed something was close , and that it was dangerous .
violet said it mentioned that the forest people were ' bad . '
penny told her blithely , and violet burst out laughing .
i was talking about violet .
with the hand that penny was n't playing with , she rubbed james 's arm , and because she thought that no one was watching them ( alice was knitting the other end of violet 's large piece of fabric , nick was flipping through an old book on the floor by the fire , elijah was still shredding the tree - nut , and i had been lying with my eyes closed ) , she reached back and touched james 's face gently .
brynna slept for only a couple of hours , arising at midday to show violet and alice how to skin a deer that had also been given to us by janna 's people .
his eyes , which i could have sworn carried a hint of suspicion , landed on brynna , who was chiding violet and alice for screaming every time she cut into the deer .
it was so unlike them , and violet confided in alice and me that brynna was still wandering around most of the night in the house , smoking and pacing , and james would get up with her and go out with her to the living room only to fall asleep on the couch , whereas before , he would stay up with her for most of the night .
but at night , violet said , there was no denying it .
alice agreed , and she and violet started laughing almost as hard as i was .
penny loves it here , and violet is content , so i am happy .
and violet had no issues with her at all .
because if i loved her as unconditionally as violet did , you would be nothing , don .
i thought about that for the rest of our short walk back to where alice , violet , penny , and elijah were still working .
she scowled at me , completely out of patience with my constant joking , before turning to huff back over to violet and penny , who were picking large chunks of meat out of the massive deer .
you 're not old enough , violet .
god , violet , this might serious .
i knew i would drive him away , violet .
come on , violet .
he assured me softly , she has his love in such abundance , violet .
she is the best , violet .
he looked up at me , violet , when did you last see james ?
i will not let her die , violet .
you have to leave , violet !
i will do it , violet .
i do not like having your sister 's fear , violet .
that is not pleasant , violet .
of course you have , violet .
i know how you are ; it 's you , penny , violet , and sometimes , it 's me and eli , and that 's it .
while violet was gone , searching for help , i rolled about , feeling the circle of trees that surrounded me closing in , hearing the whispers of those creatures that were watching me from those trees , and also , the voices and cries and pleas and angry shouts of those people who had confronted me in the house .
that boy and violet had carried me back , and i could feel adam 's great , unthinkable worry .
darling , you can not ... janna had told him , but he had taken me from the boy and violet , lifting my slight weight into his large , strong arms .
i managed to gasp out just as violet , the boy , and janna came into the room .
far off in some other place that i believed i had never even visited , i heard violet telling me that it was n't my fault , and i realized that i was saying the opposite aloud , over and over again , and in my tone , i could hear such regret and guilt that it could not have been me saying them ; surely no living creature could feel those things to such a degree of intensity .
and violet had giggled , because she still found my overly intricate sentences amusing in those days .
i would kill anyone who tried to hurt you , penny , or violet .
he kissed me softly , violet told you that because she was angry .
she 's worried , but violet , nick , alice , and quinn are with her , and i ve seen her when violet brings her by for a little bit .
she 's worried , but violet , nick , alice , and quinn are with her , and i ve seen her when violet brings her by for a little bit .
she was a little disappointed , but i told her you were sound asleep , and then she told violet that she could nt possibly wake you for her sake , even though she misses you terribly , which , of course , i laughed at ridiculously , as you say .
upon entering our house , i knew that a secret was being kept by both him and violet , who was awake and waiting for us .
i knew by the cold way violet was looking at him , in the very vague imploring behind his eyes when he looked back at her .
my heart began to ache ; i knew what had happened , because i knew that only one thing could make violet so angry .
i kissed violets forehead , seeing in her mind the sensory images branded into her memory : the fat mans greasy hair , the stench of liquor on his breath , his crooked smile , his weight crushing down on her , and his hands touching her all over .
i pulled away from violet so i could look at her .
you think i care about that after what violet just told me ? !
with that , i closed the door , slunk into violets room to find that she had fallen asleep with her headphones blasting in her ears .
i squeezed my closed eyes shut a little harder , as though snapping the lens of a camera down to take a picture , and sure enough , when i opened my eyes , their faces were cemented in my memory , as if i truly needed them to be ; i recognized all of them by face , and the one i knew by name , the one who was jamess best friend , the one whom even violet had known , was not that drunk and was not high at all like the rest of them .
for the first time since she had been a little girl , i leaned down and kissed violets head .
he had always joked with violet ; she always had said he was like james but not quite as funny , but still funny .
thinking about it , and perhaps i was merely seeing what i wanted to see because i had so resolutely made up my mind , i realized that he had always been strangely fixated on violet .
now , i was only five years older than violet , physically , but as i have stated before , i was so much older mentally , and as my telling of this tale has revealed , i could more than handle my much older boyfriend in both good times and bad .
i am talking about violet .
i know its different than you and james , cuz you re way more mature than violet , but you have to know he leaned closer to me , i can take care of her , okay ?
then , he would deliver a speech about how disgusting rene was for witnessing what had happened to violet , and how he deserved to die for it .
i felt her weight press into the bed beside me , and the slight depression moved my body barely , but still , a rolling explosion of nausea took my stomach , and i was turning over , dry - heaving first and then vomiting into the trash can that violet had quickly grabbed .
i had replaced jamess pillow , and violet laid down on it after she had passed me the cup .
oh , violet i sighed and smiled slightly , you have never needed any help caring about others , sweetheart .
bipolar adolescent tendencies why would i choose to cry all day and scream in my sleep all night , violet ?
so lifetime movie - like i am very proud of you , violet .
later , i would hear from alice and violet that they heard murmurs in town all day that followed this progression : did you hear about rene ?
should i pack up penny and violet ?
the other night , after i had been infected by the trebestia venom , when james was passed out drunk , and violet was begging him to help me , she was almost assaulted by one of jamess acquaintances .
no , he was not the one who tried to assault violet .
if they find out that violet was almost assaulted , and that he witnessed but did not stop it , and that you knew he had not stopped it we all know your protective nature now .
he and violet had a long talk on one of the benches that lined the path two weeks after he left .
even when violet gently suggested that i allow him to return , i could not even pretend that i was ready to see him every day , to have him sleeping beside me again , to hear his explanation for all he had done .
i knew what i had done , but so did rachel , who had guessed , and so did violet , nick , and adam .
he more than likely was passed out , too , and violet just was not remembering it accurately because she was so traumatized .
i told violet , its alright , baby .
before going into pennys room to make sure she had fallen back asleep or going into violets room to explain that james was drunk and stupid , i went back to the fireplace and made sure that all of the papers and journals had burned .
rael , the ares guide , and augustus , the herculian guide were two of them , and then there was james , tom , and caspar , who was hanging around with violet a little too frequently for my taste .
i do nt know how you can like him when he is trying to break up violet and nick .
you know that violet has missed class like , six times already ?
she s a hardass , and violet is stepping on her toes .
jamess bad feelings towards caspar were more than likely the result of him being adams son , but i know that he had asked me about caspar and violet multiple times .
ill stay , and violet and i will take care of them , okay ?
so , violet will be losing her sleep when she needs to be in her classes before dawn ?
i leaned back to lie on the pillow , and violet dabbed off my forehead with a wet cloth .
violet in my first weeks of training for medical , i learned everything there was to know about the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs , first aid , minor surgical techniques , and most awesomely , how to deliver a baby .
you are learning so quickly , violet .
she is his one weakness , violet .
and that , violet , is when the vision of the first queen became known to my father .
but it does not matter what i think , violet .
caspar needs to leave you alone , violet .
you get high together , violet .
* * * miletus is well - known for being an old witch , violet .
how about if i make you a deal , violet ?
you think that she will take up arms on your behalf when your undoing is your own doing , violet .
i am having the same problem with violet , believe it or not .
i would never allow myself to tell anyone ; i would certainly not tell violet , who would see me differently if she knew how weakened i was by the actions of others ; nor would i tell rachel , who was my very best friend but with whom i was not yet comfortable divulging such accounts of my vulnerability ; and i certainly would not say a word to savannah , the woman who wanted to save me .
i see him every other day when he comes by to see penny and violet .
perhaps he would tell me what he and violet had done to dr . miletus , and then i would tell him that he was to stay away .
my main concern is the influence you have had on violet .
i had said calmly , i believe you were entirely justified in your expulsion of violet .
i will tell you now that nothing will come of it except that i will confront violet .
but devils touch made those who took it act out on their most recent emotions , which is why violet was sitting in front of him , laughing as he pinned miletus facedown to the desk .
he knew that in her right state , she would be begging him not to hurt miletus , because those dark wishes would be erased at the sight of miletus pinned down , her eyes closed and tearing , her breaths soft yet fast , her body shaking as she tried to fight the urge to cry , to scream , as she tried to gather the strength to fight he was not as high as violet , but he was high enough that he did not feel the guilt he normally felt .
he said he would throw me to the tree - beasts if i did not allow violet back into medical training .
using my power , i will erase all knowledge of what occurred between you and violet from his mind .
caspar , stay away from violet .
your sense of justice was offended because dr . miletus did to violet exactly what violet deserved !
i am sorry that my son he said the word with such disdain , and caspar , for just one half - second , visibly cringed , as though adam had physically struck him , has caused such issues for you and violet .
you better not disappoint her , violet mae .
she s a little shaken , brynn , but she s not what , violet ?
i am glad that i am the one who drove him away , violet !
run along , miniature violet mae .
she told him , and he gave a little bow , which caused violet to giggle nearly uncontrollably as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him more passionately than i was comfortable with observing .
joe informed them , and nick and violet broke apart .
i covered my mouth as i chuckled , realizing that we had reached the front row , where i would be sitting with penny , violet , nick , quinn , alice , rachel , and joe .
i was watching as penny danced with idan , and violet danced with nick , and alice danced with quinn .
i told james , as violet says .
violet says its my jam .
no , violet says quote its my jam , not that this song is my jam he was clearly trying very hard not to burst into hysterical laughter , but alas , he could not suppress it .
here i thought you were going to suggest letting penny go to rachels for a couple of hours , sending violet on some pointless adventure with nick , and locking ourselves in this room until all impulses to make love passionately , wildly , and with not a single thought of anything but the obtainment of supreme , never - before - experienced sexual pleasure are exorcised from us , at least for that day .
i do not want to mix violet up in this .
i asked , he said she was dead when violet asked him .
still today , i see the young boys that violet and alice positively drool over , and i feel nothing , james .
we need to get penny and violet together , and we need to go , sweetheart .
at the mention of penny and violet , my eyes dissolved back to their natural blue but one shade darker .
he is looking for me , and you left penny and violet .
baby , i could give you a lecture about how because were a couple , we face everything together , not just everyday , run - of - the - mill stuff , like penny getting sick , or violet being a hooligan , or paying dons ridiculous crops - tax .
quinn brynna was not exactly forthcoming with what exactly had caused the shift in hers and adams relationship , and believe me , alice , violet , nick , and i pestered her all the way back to our houses .
she and violet both hate that ; you know how they both freak out over it .
james groaned , looking between violet and brynna .
but what i had asked him was very personal , and though violet had told me that adam was involved when james and brynna had broken up , i still did nt think it was my place to ask .
as we walked to the meeting , brynna ran into savannah , who quickly explained that she had left violet and alice in charge of oli , ellie , and penny .
he was kissing her , then kissing pennys head , and then he was kissing violets head ; she was walking on the other side of brynna , holding her arm tightly in both hands .
right now , violet is dreaming that she and nick are running like happy forest gazelles through the happier parts of shadow forest .
and obviously , you know violet and penny do .
now , you are young , and i know that quinn likes to say that i am only four years older than all of you , but i have never had any inclination to behave in a way that is typical of those my age , whereas you , quinn , violet , and nick have always had the inclination to behave in a way that is typical of seventeen - year - olds .
i could never say anything back to you that would express how i feel about you , violet , james , penny , and nick as well as you just did .
i ve been wanting to call you that since violet told me it used to be your nickname , but i have nt done it .
and so , violet and i have decided that we are officially the clan of the dragon .
alice , violet , and brynna gaped at me , and james , nick , and i laughed .
when we walked away , waving over our shoulders , we heard alice and violet giggling , and when we turned , we saw brynna with her half smile , shaking her head slightly .
james hissed , and one of his best friendswho had not been present as violet was being assaultedhung back , too .
every time violet spoke of their mother , be it with some old memory or with the sad realization spoken out loud that she could n't picture her mom 's face clearly anymore , brynna 's heart would concave .
james shouted at her , violet , stay back !
have to do it without violet i m bleeding too much got ta get them out soon not much longer do nt talk like that , baby .
a very fine point , violet mae .
she said , who will watch penny if you go , violet ?
not even in your dreams , violet mae !
brynna i did not leave until violet told me that the room was secure , and even then , i waited to hear if either she or penny began to succumb to the airborne trebestia venom .
without violet , and quinn , and alice .
savannah , i am not going to leave him out here so he can break down the doors and find james , violet , penny , and your kids .
i would simply rescue her from those terrible men , free her , and return her to violet and eli , who missed her terribly .
* * * let us squash it , as violet says .
i remembered standing on a beach with maura , elijah , and violet , who was still so small that maura had been carrying her in a sarong that was lashed across her chest .
i banged on the door to the room in which penny and violet were hiding .
you or penny or violet .
you are a certified creeper , as violet says !
you and violet , and your mutual obsession with calling me that word !
why do nt you go in with james or with penny and violet and go to sleep ?
that helped my headache tremendously when i was recovering from this same ailment , as violet can attest .
most of the time , you had died , and that was the worst , because i saw not only how i would grieve for you but how penny and violet would .
james burst out laughing , and violet frowned at us .
i walked past violets open door and saw that elijah had left .
i would still be a loving girlfriend to james , a loving mother to penny , and a loving sister - mother to violet , quinn , alice , and nick , but i would also start being strong again .
i could feel the warmth of the living realm , i could almost reach it , reach her , but it was just one inch away from my reaching fingers , she was just one inch from my longing embrace ; her ears were just out of the reach of my voice , so i could not tell her that everything would be alright , that she was strong , she would live , violet would take care of her , james and i would be okay was i dead , or was i drugged ?
do nt argue , violet !
but once we saw nick scrambling around , trying to find pennys shoes and violet fastening pennys coat while penny cried and cried , i finally spoke up .
goddamn it , violet , how many times has she told you to stop arguing and just do what you re told ! ?
for some reason , i felt compelled to look at violet , and when i looked at her , i saw that she was looking at the boy , too .
i heard violet whisper very quietly after she had caught up to walk beside him .
penny , you hold onto either violet or allie , whoevers in front of you .
even though we were nt shocked , hearing her say it in that instance was enough to make alice turn away so she could let tears fall from her eyes , violet cry harder , and nick and i look at each other , both of us getting choked up , too .
james looked at us and nodded , and violet grasped penny around the middle as gently as she could and pulled her away .
violet cried as we carried her off into the trees .
nick stood behind violet with his hands on her shoulders , and alice stood in front of her .
violet the whispering in the forest eventually drowned out pennys screams or at least , i could nt hear them anymore once the whispering of the trebestia started .
james had gotten violet , penny , quinn , alice , and nick out .
pennys body had become dead weight in violets arms , and violet was panicking , but once the trebestia appeared , her panic turned to petrification .
when onean old man whose human skin was still being shed in a bloody , pulpy messreached out for them , violet dropped penny and ran .
she did not run towards violet , who was screaming her name , whom she knew was returning to her .
before i was freed from looking backwards , i had to search the present and find penny i had to see that she was alright , and then i would look around almost as frantically for violet , quinn , alice , and nick but the half - second had ended , and the stale air of the cell , contaminated by the sweat , sorrow , blood , rage , rot , and insanity of the previous inhabitants , nearly choked me .
what happened to violet and the others ?
maura was brought back here by violet .
that is a lie that has been fed to you by by violet ?
you forget ; violet was in your camp .
i will think about you , violet , and penny every day until its all over .
she seemed completely unfazed by our imprisonment , though sometimes she cried for james , or violet , or idan , or just the outside world .
i could feel violets life force , but despite my affection for the other kids , i could not reach out and grasp their essences to determine their state of being like i could with her .
and once we get out of here , well be back with violet , allie , quinn , and nick .
not knowing if violet , quinn , alice , and nick made it to safety .
for her , he gestured to penny , for violet .
he asked , and his eyes were agleam with both hope and fear : hope that i might tell him we would escape , find violet and the rest of our people , create a miraculous plan to counterstrike the old spirits , and win the war , freeing the rest of our people in the process and finally winning our place on pangaea , and fear that none of those things would be true , could ever possibly be true .
the tears were streaming down my cheeks for so many reasonsi was afraid for james and adam , i was afraid for penny and me , i was afraid for violet , quinn , nick , alice , elijah , don , savannah , ellie , oliver , rachel , joe , tony , tom i was afraid because penny had the sight ; she was an athene like me , and for that , she would always be a threat .
and when the worst of the worst , the absolutely most terrible thing happened , when i was nineteen ( violets age !
adam told me softly , idan is there , and if violet , alice , quinn , and nick arrived safely , then they are there , too .
i am here for you , and for penny and violet .
it tinted the pure violet .
even now , the bizarre and intense violet rays of dawns sun stabbed through every gap and space and breach in the dense overhead canopy , puncturing the jungle world with search - and - destroy spears of light that sent the darkness scurrying .
the sun , directly overhead , told me it was around noon and shafts of violent violet sunlight pierced through the jungle - foliage canopy .
despite its swagger , showering the planet with its radiant violet , the suns rays were by no means uncomfortably hot .
it only took about ten minutes for the dawn to chase away the dark , the pitch - blackness giving way to a deep red which became a warm magenta that gradually melted into an inspiring , inexpressible electric violet .
the sky on a clear day is nt azure blue , but more a blur of purple and blue , an electric violet hue ; tree trunks are not brown , they re a splotch of purple and red , occasionally , bole in colour ; foliage and grass is either emerald green or again , a smudge of purple and green .
she is lying on the ground , her head on a soft cloth scented with violet : eves cloak .
a man with strange violet patches on his skin retched and vomited .
the second ring blasted him with ultra violet radiation , the third with microwave radiation .
something flashed in my peripheral vision , a glaring violet light that all but vanished when i turned my head and stared at the churning waves .
instead , a deep violet glow emanated from below the waters surface , growing in intensity the longer i sat there .
it originated from below , at the heart of the glowing violet light .
the walls were no longer dark violet , but an ice white and the windows had been enlarged .
there were two other bean bags , massive in size and generously comfortable as i sat on a violet one .
i m gail , the nurse , a slender woman dressed in efficient pale violet scrubs said .
he thought it must have been his imagination , but he could sense a pale violet aura around the entire car .
faint violet lines also snaked through at intervals like intermittent thunderbolts .
he seemed to be riding on a rigid , gauzelike substance , able to see beneath the floor into a huge room lit by the headlamp to reveal a snakelike network of tubes and coils , all glistening in reds , violets , ambers , and yellows .
the light ahead brightened by the second and was soon so intense it washed out all the details of the cave , the violet and red tubes below him and the gauze floor .
far in the distance tall limestone needles glowed violet against the horizon like a stone forest .
she took some time to study the images the probes brought back and had to admit , even though still raw from her disappointing experience , that the double star system was filled with a beauty and strangeness no human mind could have conceived with its violet , green and blue iridescence that flashed like so many dancing rainbows across the blackness of space .
known as transient lunar phenomena or tlp , often times the lights came up from inside the crater ; soft , silver mists or sometimes green , blue or violet , and on occasion , red .
two , fat shimmering points of light shot out into space from the crater , violet and bluish colored .
his eyes seemed to grow larger , bluer than usual , with violet and orange specks darting in them and his true mouth was a small , thin line .
suddenly they turned nearly silver in color , then back to blue and violet .
he bowed slightly before me , his violet eyes slightly glowing .
i touched it again as the symbols lit up , some red , the others violet .
i touched the side of the panel with the violet symbols and the doors , with difficulty , shuttered open .
the flutterbys were about the size of a human hand and their gorgeous red , blue , violet , and orange hues reminded lani of glowing jewels .
she twirled in an impressive mid air display of swirling acrobatic pirouettes , until her violet booted feet alighted softly on the deck .
their gazes locked , flashing violet against icy green .
the captain 's wife disappeared in another room and then reappeared soon after with an african violet .
i took the violet and closed my eyes .
i brought that african violet back to life and health in record time and i did it in front of an audience of non - believers .
when i opened my eyes , the violet was once more a beautiful accessory with several colorful blossoms that the captain 's wife put on a small table in a corner where it set off the whole room in the lovely way .
as her hands , with all those rings , left the violet she turned to her husband .
i know soon would come the shimmering violets and deep , dusky greys .
the sun is lower now , dark violets and rich burgundies streaking the clouds .
evening approaches with dusky violets as we reach the southern end of jim lake .
well it likely covers most of the visible spectrum and the adjacent frequencies , infra - red and ultra violet .
janet walked on and eyed commander violet , who did nt wait to be asked .
passing violet , blue , green , yellow and orange units , until we reached red unit , one man deep into the formation .
they were go - carts without wheels , each of them in neon hues from every color in the rainbow : vivid violets , ravishing reds , knockout blues , and pretty pinks .
the violet folds of his capa had swayed and bounced along his back , vivid in mid - morning sunlight .
his arms moved freely without his violet capa .
ravno placed the almost empty half - coconut husk and eating sticks on his pile of violet folds .
he eventually found her folded violet markerwith difficulty , since she had stopped shrieking .
when ravno removed his violet capa , her trained eyes found the noh .
now the globe started flickering deep violet as the furious tick - tock slowed and halted .
the funereal violet light revealed the two azaleas reduced from opulent bloom to black skeletons , a miracle in reverse .
the fortune - teller globe struggled out of mortuary violet , gathered strength in yellow and culminated in blinding sunburst .
i remember the bulb harvey hooked up to the induction coil and the transfiguration of dull daylight minerals into glowing violet jewels .
there was a card with mrs beth anderson embossed in lower middle - class gothic script and a single sentence in violet ink : to professor weizman with the humblest and sincerest of apologies .
i saw my album with the map of the world and the intact british and french empires in pink and violet .
he s already seen them pointing up , the violet - edged shoots , the stem bearing the sheathed flower and the slow revelation of bloom , pink , red , yellow like now , but another now because he d seen them past this stage , yawning wider and wider each day , then the fall of the petals totally baring the pistils .
the lids stretched back over his bloodshot eyes , lighting his vision violet .
overhead , the roof of the place was long and conically curved and the sky above was as immaculate , azure , violet and amber as the heart of an open flame .
she turned around and pointed at the westward view : to the hills and ridges of green and heather violet , and evergreen trees poking out like pikestaffs from the land .
the recessed eyes pulsed bright violet as it peered down at the disturbed cache of seeds .
the violet lights behind the slits pulsed with longing as it watched the healers who had rushed from the healing ward shifted into the trunk just above the stepped mesas .
its head reared down on steffor , eye slits pulsing violet , a look steffor could only describe as primeval recognition and carnal hatred .
the unnatural metallic color did border on being human as though he deserved more respect than carmen did with her cartoonish violet hue .
the same color combination was on his clothes , making the dark grey of a lot of his shirt look violet , which was still far better than what it looked like before he started cleaning it .
still dressed in his official black robes , the violet stripe down his right arm indicating his representative area , he stepped closer to the flanked foreigners .
he is tall and solidly built with blonde hair framing a chiseled face highlighting eyes so blue they border on violet .
the night sky carried the meanest tint of violet , a colour effected by the planets atmospheric condition .
within a minute or so , ion saw what appeared to be a gigantic sphere like entity formed completely of violet light appear in front of the ship .
the space gate seemed to be composed purely of violet light , looking somewhat like a violet coloured mini star .
and as they entered the violet sphere , for a blinding moment the world seemed engulfed in a flare of brightest violet .
and as they entered the violet sphere , for a blinding moment the world seemed engulfed in a flare of brightest violet .
then , as the light died , the cruiser was emerging from the other side of the same violet spherical entity .
if violet had chosen to marry nick , which i assumed ( and hoped ) that she would have , he would have walked her down the aisle , as well whenever my thoughts would go from some happy thought of what life would have been to a reminder that they would never be that way , i could not stop myself from letting out a sob .
what about violet , penny , and nick ?
we were at their mercy , so i would not be seeing alice , violet , penny , or nick until they said that i could .
that is not possible , violet .
violet we have to get him and alice and quinn , and then we have to go violet .
violet we have to get him and alice and quinn , and then we have to go violet .
nick knows these parts of the forest like the back of his hand , he s so good at navigating , and quinn violet .
i am one of them now , violet .
you still need to rest , violet .
i remembered how he had always been so patient with violet , and how she had loved him , too .
it is going to years , violet .
she s there with you , violet .
it is not an accurate word , because it is deeper than an infatuation , violet .
but nick died heroically in his own way , violet .
i fear feeling pain , violet .
she replied , i might not be your sister , violet , so i can not say this for sure , but i have a prediction for what the future might hold .
but i will never show them mercy , violet .
she is not with violet !
i was shaking , and the tremors were the result of the adrenaline coursing through me , certainly , but the fear i felt for the lives of violet , quinn , and alice , but especially penny , was driving my body to tremble that way , as well .
i snapped at him , because it seemed as though the person who had told me would suffer repercussions if he found out who she was , and obviously , i would not endanger violet .
all the while , i stared ahead , thinking of penny , of violet , of james , of quinn , alice , nick , rachel , joe , tony , tom , savannah , ellie , oliver i thought of the earthean survivors , and i thought of adams people , those who had followed him from his destroyed city to his wifes village , thinking they would be safe , and who had either been killed or taken captive .
i remembered how violet and nick had constantly been seen around the house together , how they had spent almost every waking moment together as young couples tend to do .
he had always trusted violet more than i did , and that was fine ; he had been right .
i knew that from reading her mind and nicks , and because in caspars mind , i had seen that he knew too many details of the struggle between james and me that only violet could have told him .
but when he had had penny and violet thrust upon him because of the strange circumstances in which we had found ourselves following the end of our lives on earth , and because of his relationship with me , he excelled in his paternal responsibilities so much so that sometimes he was better at being a makeshift father than i was at being a makeshift mother .
it had been shortly after he had moved back home , and violet and i had still been fighting over all that had transpired with caspar , and penny was being a hooligan , getting into fights with other kids , or getting into trouble with various people around town ; she , idan , maribel , tajel , and a few other kids , eartheans and pangaeans , became known village - wide as the under ten mafia , because they were constantly getting into trouble .
so he had decided that it was going to be mothers day for me , and he had somehow made violet forget her anger at me , because she had helped with his plan , and quinn , alice , and nick had helped , because , as they told me later , i was their de facto mom , too .
violet before i knew adam , before i had gotten used to his piercing , freakishly green gaze , i would shrivel under it , especially when he was not just gazing , but when he was smiling that tiny fraction of a smile , that smile that showed there was something devious within him .
do nt lie to me , violet .
oh , king adam and queen janna are with your sister , violet .
our seas are vast , violet .
do not tell me what i do and do not mean , violet olivier !
so what is your plan , violet ?
oh , violet .
i am most excited for this , to see if violet olivier can match the great and powerful brynna olivier .
brynna had told me once that when men did that , it was a power play , before adding , that is body language 101 , violet mae .
take the deal , violet .
say yes , violet .
because i was healing up nicely , and beginning to feel more like my typical feisty self despite my new rage at adam , my longing for james , and my fear for penny , in the childrens ward of the prison , and violet , wherever she was , and my protectiveness over janna , whose lips i could still taste on mine , i could easily see into his mind .
the tears were coming so fast , and my sobs were so hard , but i was fighting him , because he would hate me now as much as i hated him , as much as james hated me , and eventually , i would drive janna away , and if the warden kept penny from me , i would have no one , and violet was missing , and nick was gone , and quinn and alice were nowhere to be found in my mind anymore , and everything was lost .
i was in the woods , and the scary tree monsters got violet , nick , alice and quinn !
when violet had cut into me with the scalpel after i had been shot , she had been thinking of doing so gently .
i gently touched her forehead with the tips of my fingers , you and me and violet .
we had imagined once what we hoped had happened before they were killed , and we had imagined that violet and nick , and james and brynna , had gotten married , and that they were happy for just a little while .
as i stood on the railing , i pictured brynna , james , penny , violet , tom , tony , rachel , and joe , hanged in the village square this time , but when i pictured the moments before their deaths , that is when the rage began to burn .
alice sat at her bedside while she recovered and told her stories about brynna , violet , and penny , but also about james and adam , about how they had loved brynna so much , and how she had loved them .
alice told her , she wanted you back , and she said that it was for violet and penny , but it was for her , too .
she just wanted you to be with violet and penny .
lara said , i ca nt feel penny or violet , but she can , so i know they re alright .
time did nt heal wounds , it only opened them further , and when lara was taken , any healing that had been done on the wounds caused by the deaths of brynna , james , penny , violet , nick , and the rest of our friends was reversed .
the night we had seen the black and white photos of their bodies , of violet and nick , laid out , clawed and bitten and broken by the trebestia ; of james , the back of his head blown off by the bullet , the hole in his cheek where it had come out ; of penny , so pale that her skin seemed to glow in that colorless photo , her eyes closed , her body covered with a sheet ; of brynna , lying on the slab next to james , covered in blood , eyes still open slightly , her stiff fingers rested over his , looking like they were holding on .
she had made a promise to herself and to brynna , james , penny , violet , and nick , and she had nt broken it , even two decades later .
one who finishes my sentences , who knows all our jokes , who i can talk to about anything , no matter how weird , or dark , or mundane , like i did with violet .
calm down now , violet .
she replied , violet you must stop thinking that i have been weakened by this .
i hate that no matter how hard i try not to picture it , i find myself thinking of all these ways in my mind that they are hurting you , and i am always so afraid that they are doing the worst to you , the way they did the worst to maura he has never hurt me that way , violet .
i pitied you , violet .
goodnight , violet .
hello , violet mae .
i need you , violet .
his power is boundless , violet .
do this for me , violet .
i am helping you , violet .
breathe , her voice said , he is not winning , violet .
i must advise you to think carefully about this , violet .
because your sister is alive , violet .
she is not who you knew , violet .
thinking about james and me conceiving a child made me very sad , because it was something we had sworn we would never do , because we had had our hands full with penny and violet .
i will have my people scour the cities and plains , deserts and oceans and forests until we find violet , quinn , alice , rachel , and tom , and then , maybe we will fight , or maybe we will simply live out the rest of our lives .
penny and the other neighborhood kids would sometimes join us , and generally , violet , nick , alice , and quinn would come back from their nighttime outings to join us , too .
but i could hear the echoes of our laughter from that time , of our passionate conversations , of the kids giggling as they made smores , of violet , nick , alice , and quinn having similar discussions to ours amongst themselves , but about people i knew by name but did not care about ( justin beaver , edward and bella , a meth dealer and his expletive - spewing sidekick ) .
if i closed my eyes , i could pretend that it was just another early morning in shadow village , and penny was asleep in her bed , and violet was either asleep or already at class , and james and i were in the shower together , kissing and holding each other .
first , it was because i needed to kill them for what they did to brynna , james , penny , nick , and violet .
i will keep going until i find her alive or i find her dead , and i will keep going until every person who so much as looked at brynna , james , penny , nick , and violet while they were imprisoned there , while they were getting walked out to the fucking gallows , dies right in front of me !
and violet and penny were just young , like us .
she would nt have been like melinda in that melinda sat at home all day , but she would have been able to sit in our kitchen , painting her nails , and laughing on the phone ( probably with violet ) had the world not changed .
it makes sense for you , because like you said , lara is your mother , and brynna , violet , and penny were your sisters .
she and violet were inseparable , and in shadow village , she got so close to brynna .
yes , well , clear your event planner for the rest of the evening , because i am going to wring your neck for deliberately disobeying my very clear order to keep akio away from this house , violet mae olivier !
oh , are you almost forty years old , violet ?
do not start your incessant back - talking , violet .
well , i demand better , violet mae .
you use your vulnerability and our shared tragedies to avoid taking responsibility , and i will not have it tonight , violet .
my hands on the back of her head , pushing it into the dirt , her hair unraveling from its bun , my fist wrapping into it , pulling her head back , slamming it back into the dirt , and all the while i was laughing , laughing so hard that tears were pouring from my eyes , watching as the tree - beasts came , perhaps because they had sensed our dark intentions , because they knew we wanted to watch them rip her apart violet !
and she had begged please , violet !
ca nt tell if its a compliment , or oh , violet , of course its a compliment , she replied , but unfortunately , this query for which you seek some miraculous solution has but a plain one : viruses grow and change and evolve , just like we do .
oh , violet , that is ridiculous !
oh , violet , you are more than capable of doing this old wenchs job .
do not try to hurt him , violet .
paul spat at him , and his distaste was plain , not in front of poor violet .
let go , violet .
let go of me , violet .
yes , why should you resist , violet ?
paul replied , but think of it this way , violet : my people are growing restless , and they are looking for someone to blame .
oh , i know it is not , violet .
we made a deal , violet olivier , and if there is one thing i loathe as a dionysian , it is when my charges do not keep up their end of the bargain .
that rage so strong that the flames in the room began to burn a little brighter and shoot up a little higher violet .
maybe violet .
but i understood nothing , violet .
she speaks of you very frequently , violet .
i would not paint this onto my worst enemy , violet .
* * * the knock on our door came while we were standing in the middle of his room , half dressed , engaged in a rather intense round of what violet had once referred to , quite hilariously , as tonsil hockey .
oh , the other things he rambled on about his nights with the many women he encountered , hitting your mother once when they had both had too much to drink , dropping violet when she was a baby accidentally tyre laughed rather heartily , i could not believe the trivialities leaving his mouth .
she had one hand on my stomach and one on jamess , and she was reaching out , holding us apart , and it was then that i was besieged by the urge to cry , because my mind was flashing back to my childhood on earth , when violet had stood between my father and me , or my mother and me , and sobbed just like penny was sobbing .
as penny begged us not to fight , i remembered how violet had begged my mother , father , and me not to fight .
i told him quietly , and because the tears had snuck up on me before , and because they were tears for violet , i could not fight them .
everything was piling up , and as she fell into my arms so i could hold her , i cried because she was getting older , because james and i had fought in front of her ( because james and i had fought at all ) , because i had no idea how to love grace , despite how much i had loved her when she was just a tiny flicker of light in my womb , despite the fact that she had been raised by two of my very best friends , and then i was crying because those two best friends were dead , because violet and elijah were somewhere out in the world and i knew not where , because adam spent his days locked away , alone , and even though he wanted to tell me how terrible it was to be locked away in isolation like that , he did not , because he did not want me to worry , and then i was crying because illa was not with her mother , and janna had been raped all those years ago , and i had been raped all those years ago before that , and then i was crying because my mother was more than likely dead , but what if she was nt ?
by the one god , violet failed out of medical school , and he would not allow you to even confront her , let alone shout at her and berate her for her immaturity .
all i need is penny , so when we escape at the end of our time at sea , we will go off on our own to find violet and eli , and then i will be right back at square one , exactly where i was before your new best friend , james , stalked me in a bar one night whilst doing your bidding .
i hoped she would die , adam , because she would be growing up out there , with them , with the old spirits , where they could corrupt her , and make her hate us , and my mother loved me so much , but then she hated me , and i loved violet when she was small , and then i pushed her away , and now , penny is getting older , and ill do the same to her , because i ca nt do this , adam , somethings off .
i did not want to fear pushing her away , as i had done to violet , when violet had begun to stand on her own .
i did not want to fear pushing her away , as i had done to violet , when violet had begun to stand on her own .
my love for violet had been that of a sibling .
i had stood up and turned to her , and now , i was yelling , you are so pissed about lara and brynna and violet and penny and james that you do nt even see it !
you ll forgive me for not wanting to think she s dead like violet and nick !
when we had fought before , she always went next door to brynna and jamess , and it was never to speak to violet , her best friend , it was to hear the advice of her surrogate parents .
when brynna and violet and penny died , i had just found my mom .
i had seen it most strongly in brynna , of course , but violet , lara , and eli were known to start at the foot of the woods , so to speak , staring down hundreds of paths that all led into darkness , but promised light at the end .
he had been distant from violet and penny in the last year of their lives , because he had been wrapped up in janna , and he had been angry at brynna , and he had not liked how much penny and violet loved and relied upon james , because he felt like he should have been playing that role , the surrogate father role , and yet he did not want to .
he had been distant from violet and penny in the last year of their lives , because he had been wrapped up in janna , and he had been angry at brynna , and he had not liked how much penny and violet loved and relied upon james , because he felt like he should have been playing that role , the surrogate father role , and yet he did not want to .
for violet , and penny , and for your mom , man .
god , the only couple that do nt fit that bill were rachel and joe , who talked everything through before they got anywhere close to a fight , and violet and nick , who were so fucking young and innocent and idealistic and good that they never got like that .
the ones i had seen violet do .
she had been in school with violet under dr . miletus back in shadow village .
not as obvious as if she had asked you two , and alice , and violet to buy a couple .
not now , violet .
well , because we are amongst terrible people , violet .
it is me , violet .
female dogs are called bitches , violet .
i hate to make you envious , violet , but i do believe i am in love .
oh , violet , how many times have you said that ?
but i also said , once i do this for violet , once my quota is met , and i may live another day , i will leave this woman be .
of course , violet .
but it is all for good , violet .
i hurt people because it is in my nature to do so , violet .
it is all a game , violet .
oh , she was , violet .
nothing , violet .
would you like to barter on your dear mothers behalf , violet ?
you re helping me by killing a man , violet .
and then i will leave you alone , violet .
it is my sincerest hope , violet , that you know how relieved i am that i showed my true colors to you then , even if i did not know that they were my true colors .
make haste with this , violet .
macie said , as though reading my mind , you wo nt , my darling violet .
i knew this would be how it ended , violet .
i am i am sorry , violet .
please , violet .
lucy its alright , she told me again , everything is going to be alright , violet .
go , violet !
and you did nt know it then , but i ve never been able to , and i did nt know how to tell you , and i did nt think i would ever have to tell you , because we had agreed that we were alright with just penny and violet , but now , violet is far from us , and penny is already starting to age , and what if we do want kids ?
and you did nt know it then , but i ve never been able to , and i did nt know how to tell you , and i did nt think i would ever have to tell you , because we had agreed that we were alright with just penny and violet , but now , violet is far from us , and penny is already starting to age , and what if we do want kids ?
what allie and violet used to say ?
apparently , both had been thwarted by luciana miletus and my sister ( good girl , violet .
she saw violet and alice and quinn and eli and nick and our mother and even john , whom she had only met once , but whom she had liked .
the violet plasma jets changed their focal length several times , then the engine nozzles were lowered .
here , kessa blushed a deep violet and touched her fingers to her rounded stomach .
the edges were picked out in delicate scrollwork of red and violet , the colors of his house .
they were a deep violet , the color of lilacs at twilight .
xartasia regarded him with those luminous , heart - stopping violet eyes .
her intense violet eyes caught gavriel 's sunken gaze .
the speed shift turned each star into a streak of dazzling rainbow , scattered spars of color with violet tips tapering off into invisible spectra .
long raven black hair was pinned atop her head in an elegant swirl and her violet eyes shined like amethysts .
xartasia turned away from maeve , her violet eyes dry and unrepentant .
xartasia said nothing , only watching her cousin stumble beside coldhand with unreadable violet eyes .
she was actually turning pale violet now .
katanian skin tones ranged from light violet to deep maroon .
she looked exactly like their mother with her violet skin , blue eyes , and dark violet hair .
she looked exactly like their mother with her violet skin , blue eyes , and dark violet hair .
her violet eyes were glaring darts as she made her presence known to the woman whose essence was vividly lit up with the color of passion .
the virginia skyline had an array of blues , oranges , violets , and a solitary streak of deep purple in it .
davout was present at her awakening , and her hand was in his as she opened her violet eyes , the eyes of his dark katrin .
her violet eyes gazed levelly at davout .
there was still the faint purr and a few dim violet lights , hardly visible , marked the spot where the hushicopter sat .
i can believe she 's no shrinking violet , but is she really that ruthless ? ''
there was a pleasant glow to the evening light when they emerged , a faint violet touch and a pinkish edge to the simulated sunset clouds that were scudding along .
see , i ' ve recalibrated this section '' -she gestured to a glowing violet patch suspended in midair in front of her face-'taking into consideration the standard quotient and - there !
she moved back to the violet patch , tucked away at the other edge of the prime radiant sphere .
and , as though that were a cue , the young lady whom they had last seen half an hour before , walked rapidly toward them , her shoes glinting red and violet and striking the ground with a sharp musical tone as she walked .
his skyward gaze stayed steady , his eyes flashing violet .
melissa sat for a moment , watching his eyes flash violet in the moonlight , the echoes of what she 'd felt in him subsiding slowly .
then the most astonishing thing - jessica saw his eyes flash violet , though the dark moon had long set .
melissa looked up at rex , and his eyes flashed violet .
his features shifted on his face , the eyes growing as long and wide as a wolf 's and burning violet .
the colors of the flame briefly striated with tendrils of amber , violet , and coppery red .
almost as soon as i had the thought , i suddenly saw the young sidhe lord as he truly appeared - dressed in an emerald green tunic and tights , each with accents of deep violet .
the lights in the skull 's eye sockets burned a cold shade of blue and violet .
the cloud flowed into the skull , and after a moment , faint violet flames appeared in the skull 's empty eye sockets .
his vanity plate read megabyte and was framed in violet neon .
deepset huge violet eyes .
as he watched , the sky washed from violet to ebony .
once or twice he disappeared , but always they saw him again , until the violet curtain of dusk shut him out of their view .
the deep green and violet , and occasionally red or green , pulses of luminance in the black ice walls did nothing to light the way .
this dark gray material shines as though glazed with glastique , but as i take two or three steps , it seems as though the colors shift beneath my feet , giving glimmers of violet and aquamarine .
salas was the smallest and dimmest of the moons , and while her violet coloring had inspired countless poets , she did n't do much to help you see your hand in front of your face .
shops selling the same items would be painted the same shades - violet for clothing , green for foods .
she had a squarish face and discriminating pale violet eyes .
fearspren - wiggling and violet - sprang up through the wood and wriggled in the air .
amethysts , which had a soft violet light .
the chasmfiend towered like a mountain of interlocking carapace the color of dark violet ink .
the large open - sided tent was dyed violet and yellow , and a light breeze ruffled the canvas .
most drank violet wine , the most intoxicating and flavorful of the colors .
he wore a ruffled violet coat , tailored so that it was short at the front - reaching only to his waist - but long at the back .
two hours later , at salas 's first violet light , rock and kaladin walked back into the lumberyard .
dalinar leaned forward as the familiar - yet indecipherable - lines appeared on the page in stark violet .
the barmaids were dressed in violet robes that had plunging necklines and were open at the sides .
jasnah walked past , wearing a sleek violet dress , followed by a parshman porter with a stack of books .
she walked slowly in a beautiful dress of violet and gold , shallan following in blue silk .
a tall , thin man in a violet lighteyes 's coat walked beside it .
syl flitted down and landed on his shoulder as the palanquin bearers stopped before kaladin and turned to the side , revealing a dark - haired woman wearing a sleek violet dress decorated with golden glyphs .
for once he wished he had intoxicating violet instead of orange .
her dress was red , matched by her lip paint , and her beautiful violet eyes were curious .
sadeas took a drink of his steaming violet wine .
navani held a cup of warmed violet wine in her hand , beads of condensation on the rim of the glass .
dalinar met her eyes , light violet , beautiful .
three couches with plush violet cushions lined the walls , sitting beneath fine silver mirrors .
like the vampires in the dining room , they were surrounded with auras , but these were of a poisoned violet so dark it was almost black .
three more flashes burst through the light screen and pitted the boulder above them in a dazzle of red and violet .
arbiter frava entered , graceful and long faced , wearing robes of a soft violet .
her grey braid was spun with gold and violet this time .
behind her , morning opened her eyes , and sunlight seeped through the stained glass window , spraying the room with crimson , blue , violet .
the rainbow circles beneath the dome shifted into the blue , then violet and into the red .
as they approached the river of vapor - it was flowing into the hole , he now saw , not out of it - he began to pick up flashes of color travelling within it : green , blue , violet , red , candy pink .
lightning - it 's close , very close - paints the street a momentary lurid violet , thunder follows like a mortar barrage , the wind begins to pick up , hissing in the trees , and the rain starts coming in sheets .
ramblin jack marinville , always headed over the next horizon - line in those thirsty eric andersen boots of his , lookin for them violets of the dawn .
as they watched , a rectangular area of this front wall darkened , going from blue to violet to black .
on the screen at the front of the cabin , the green dot - now slightly southeast of the violet circle with the word lud printed beside it - began to flash faster .
and how lovely it was then , painted a deep violet color with green shutters and the trim all in white and the porch railings painted a shiny black so you could see the cast - iron roses so clearly .
' the sky 's violet , it 's violet just like i remembered it , and goddamnit all these years out there i thought i imagined all this , i thought i colored it in with a crayon in my memory , you know . '
the sky was glazed and shining over the rooftop , soft and shot with violet and gold .
but then the euphoria of the earlier evening returned to him , the vision of the house on first street beneath the violet sky .
he felt the evening again as it had been yesterday with the sky breaking violet through the branches and the birds crying as if they were in a wild wood .
he glanced back up at the few lighted windows scattered throughout the dark violet wall of the house .
as always , he was struck by her beauty , especially at this moment , her blond hair backlit in the afternoon sun so her perfect complexion seemed to glow , setting off her deep violet eyes .
kate saw deep violet lasers fire inward from all the bars toward the center .
he said loudly , ` ` this is n't going to work , '' and then the violet flash of laser light blinded him .
he threw another rock and snorted , his brown eyes flashing violet in the dark moon 's light .
she lifted her nose to the air , her eyes catching the rising arc of the moon with a violet flash .
an x - ray machine flashed nearby , its violet flare reaching his eyes through the walls of the hospital , and rex flinched again , hissing through his teeth .
his color was vibrant to vasher 's eyes , his skin a pure tan , his bruises brilliant splashes of blue and violet .
she passed him , moving languidly in a gorgeous violet dress with a gossamer train that trailed through the grass behind her .
parameters : age fourteen to sixteen , hair color black , eye color violet . ''
alonso loved to sit for hours and talk to violet .
elsbeth was the reason these men had come , and alonso 's friends had told him how foolish it was for him and violet to have given her shelter .
` ` did they shoot violet ? ''
` ` yes , they shot violet . ''
` ` they shot violet first , an old girl like that .
he thought of violet with her cigarette on her lip , dealing the cards at the green felt table in the house .
it 's the color past ultra .. violet .
and then the doors closed , and the train moved away , and richard found himself staring at a sign which , no matter how many times he blinked - nor even if he looked away from it and looked back suddenly to take it by surprise - still obstinately persisted in saying : british museum eight it was early evening , and the cloudless sky was transmuting from royal blue to a deep violet , with a smudge of fire orange and lime green over paddington , four miles to the west , where , from old bailey 's perspective anyway , the sun had recently set .
she fixed him with her violet gaze and said , in mock bela lugosi , ` ` i do not eat ...
the lights went on in the school windows , one by one , making the violet sky seem darker than it was before , and the summer evening was gentle and quiet .
every bit of it was painted in brilliant shades of violet and emerald , scarlet and fuchsia and gold , and here and there shining objects were set into the glossy surface : minute shards of mirror or colored glass ; a beetle carapace ; flecks of mica .
warmth flowed around him , violet and rustling green , scented overpoweringly of honeysuckle and wet stone .
deepest violet , a fiery emerald that stabbed his eyes ; cobalt and a pure blaze of scarlet .
fat charlie 's great - aunt alanna had kept a tube of parma violet candies in her handbag , but even as a chunky kid with a sweet tooth , fat charlie would eat them only if there was n't anything else .
vigor knew that some of the rare documents in the parchment room were turning purple , succumbing to a resistant violet fungus and leaving them in grave danger of being lost forever .
then the dragon blocked out the sky , scales shining blue and violet .
then a fairy glided into view , glowing a deep violet shade as if illuminated by a black light .
it had huge wings - blue , black , and violet .
another fairy entered a bubble and inflated it from the inside until it tripled in size and burst with a violet flash .
a violet fairy transformed a thorn from a rosebush into a spear .
the pool in front of him glowed a deep violet .
she waved for him , and he lowered his hand to the shore of the tiny violet ocean glowing softly in the chasm .
the sky was a deep violet , brightening as the sun broke the horizon .
in the right light , they had a violet cast .
the violet stone glowed with stormlight .
salas , the first moon , made a violet disc in the center of a cluster of bright white stars .
adolin said , scrambling up to it , grabbing the sides of the hole and peering into the slushy violet interior .
deep violet wine .
father drank violet , prepared in its strength .
blood sprayed the ground , deep violet .
deep violet wine , spiced with cinnamon and warmed against the chill day .
they turned , looking as coaches clattered past , making their way to the nearby feasting basin , where lights glowed a soft violet in the night .
purple , to match the moon that was just rising , violet and frail on the horizon .
dozens of different varieties of vines , frillblooms of red , orange , and violet .
he stood still long enough that frillblooms opened around him , their wide , fanlike fronds displaying veined patterns of orange , red , and violet .
he looked up , then grinned , face covered in dried violet ichor that he 'd wiped away as best he could .
some kind of strange spren zipped past their enclosure , red and violet and reminiscent of lightning .
ahbuttheywereleftbehinditisobviousfromthenatureofthebondbutwherewherewherewheresetoffobviousrealizationlikeapricitytheyarewiththeshinwemustfindonecanwemaketouseatruthlesscanwecraftaweapon -from the diagram , floorboard 17 : paragraph 2 , every second letter starting with the first in the darkness , shallan 's violet spheres gave life to the rain .
lightning of a dozen colors flashed around him , red , violet , white , yellow .
the sky was a haze of violet , and where that faded away - blue and black and stars .
with the glasses on , the entirety of the room shone in shades of violet and gold ; things floated in the air , things like clear jellyfish .
his violet glowing eyes were narrowed on me , as he pressed his sword right over my heart .
stiller 's expression was utterly blank , but his gleaming violet eyes were large on his face .
occasionally , garion had noted , even those formulas had faltered when taiba 's deep violet eyes had turned to regard the ulgo 's face .
her violet eyes glowed , and she smiled often now .
` ` the color will bring out the violet in your eyes .
they dressed her in the wisps that magister illyrio had sent up , and then the gown , a deep plum silk to bring out the violet in her eyes .
all the colors that had been missing from vaes tolorro had found their way to qarth ; buildings crowded about her fantastical as a fever dream in shades of rose , violet , and umber .
the deep violet silk brought out the purple of her eyes .
as the sky lightened and the stars faded one by one , irri and jhiqui helped her don a tokar of violet silk fringed in gold .
her flesh was maggot white ; wrapped in the violet tokar , she looked like a prune gone to mold .
it would be a sort of homage to attend the funeral wearing her mother 's cheekbones and the vivid violet eyes that everyone knew were glamour - made , though no one would have dared say so aloud .
the sun holds on a little tighter to the day , and has to be dragged down screaming , with a kind of angry beauty that makes the sky burn away into pinks and oranges and violets .
both sides of the wall hold an assortment of misshaped , mismatched , and varied colored chairs consisting of rocking chairs to a pair of queen annes formal dining room chairs along with king louies padded french seats hugging the cherry red panels outlined in the color of violet .
i cry for a third time lifting my bee_hind in air like a bumble bee , planting securely my boot toes deeply into the saddle stirrups and bend at my kneecaps for the impact from ground to air back to the ground following his obtuse instructions as the broken part up and part down wooden fencing post columns with a two feet height materializes within my violet eyeballs .
drake still continues to smile and snigger while he enjoys the playfully banter along with the way her violet eyes dance in the sunlight , offering peacefully .
he dances closer , admiring her big deer - doe eyes of dark violet color ringing her black pupils that dilate tiny from the bright sunshine bombarding the floor while he skin radiates warmth and light like a glittering candle .
she snaps open her pretty violet eyeballs , slowing her sexy hip swings and smiles sweetly at drake then drake grins and shares .
he jerks his jaw and eye burns her pretty face with her white perfect teeth , ruby red lips , violet pupils against her pale white skin then soldierly pivots towards the dvd player , walking to book shelf and shuts down the classical music .
drake paces backward by two steps from mella , studying studiously her facial expression of parted ruby red lips and wide doe - eyes of violet , pondering daniels words , and understands this dire , dangerous , and deadly situation .
she s a pretty little thing with her big violet - colored doe eyes , pale skin , and red lips .
drake gently pushes mella from his chest , spinning her around to face him , memorizing her violet doe eyes , ruby red lips , and ravin hair then swiftly dips his skull and passionately presses his wet lips against her soft rose petals , taunting his dad into a visual blood lust .
tall , pale with glowing skin against violet doe - eyes and waist length long straight black hair with ruby red lips on her heart - shaped face and long legs on her body and big breasts that hides under the tight white cotton t - shirt on the mysterious female , she purrs in her alto saxophone , smiling wickedly at josh .
tina gently touches his chin , twisting his skull to her pretty violet pupils as she smiles , ordering .
he slowly wipes his wet hand from the over chilled and sweating champagne fluted glass onto the baby violet tulip - shaped thingies sewn onto his white tuxedo vest of his black monkey suit while he eye burns pretty priscella bramlett .
shelike the other lovely girls attending dads galawears one of these poufy princess ball gowns while priscillas gown is designed as a white full tulle skirt with three tiers of stiff white ruffles with these slapped stupidly by monkeys little tiny baby violet tulip - shaped beaded accents .
her upper body is covered in a shoulder - less white satin , decorating with jakes same little baby sparkling violet - shaped tulips in hand sewn beads along with the thick neon violet satiny sash around her tiny waist .
priscella sneers like a baby grizzle bear as she strikes at empty air with her manicured lady hand at the dog that sniffs at one of the many delicate violet tulip hand - sewn beaded patches on her princess ball gown .
shawn looked around for seth , who sat at the edge of the pool with violet , a tall , slender redhead .
jenny and julie splashed a while , and seth went back to violets side .
i have to create an entire portfolio , violet said , and i ve hardly started .
the best of both worlds , violet said , smiling at seth .
so , it looks like you and violet are hitting it off .
oh , look , there s violet .
he just left here with violet , julie said .
julie and violet , too , but i m not bold enough .
seth looked uncomfortable , and shawn wondered if he was thinking of violet .
mark and violet appeared in a moment , and the subjects then changed until ben started group .
alex called a hello from the water , and seth left his place with violet and came to greet shawn .
seth , too , violet said .
only violet and seth had seen anything , but jenny looked on curiously from the water , concern in her face .
most of them did nt know what had happened , but seth , violet , and jenny did .
i have some ideas , seth said , approaching with violet at his side .
how about you and violet ?
are you going to stop seeing violet ?
he also thought about seth and violet .
they spent a lot of time together , and shawn thought violet really liked seth .
i m glad he has violet and you .
i do nt think he has violet anymore , shawn said , not sure he should .
you think violet is breaking up with him ?
i saw violet today .
shawn took a deep breath and decided to approach violet .
yesterday he and violet broke up , and he and i had some words , and now i m worried .
she had also seemed to know seth might try something with violet .
he glanced around , and violet waved to him to join her .
jenny came for tony , and mrs . schneider took his mom to her class , and shawn made his way to violet .
he watched violet , and alex , and mostly jenny clearwater .
i know he went to see vinnie after he broke up with violet .
do you know what caused him to break up with violet ?
i was disappointed with myself for trying tofor my behavior with violet .
i still have nt apologized to violet .
i hope things go well when you see violet .
just like you took care of mom and violet .
he needs to talk to violet .
seth broke away from everyone and moved to violet , hugging her .
mark , seth , steve , violet , and amanda came into the living room .
you never said how it went with violet .
her eyes , however , were her most extraordinary feature : glimmering amethysts threaded through with violet .
the sun was sinking , turning the sky to azure , to violet , and then to night .
her eyes never wavered from sarah , and they were coloured like the dawn , shifting between shades of amber , violet , grey , and clear cerulean .
they were an amazing shade of violet .
i just sit and watch the night come in , shading the sky in roses and light blues , royals , and violets , until finally deepening to black .
the elementum trilogy the energy room the violet awakening the astral descent about the author an overactive imagination and open - minded upbringing made for the perfect combination to create the author styna lane would eventually become .
did the water turn blue or violet first when alicia entered ?
he ate the eggs first even though they were a deep shade of violet , along with two oatcakes .
yet kyles greasy fingers slithered from her own , and the current sucked him away the whirlpool spun faster ... emerald ... turquoise violet ... black .
her mysterious violet eyes stare at me as if to find a secret .
the sun sets past the hill in the cemetery , casting pinks and violets into the sky .
the eye colors ranged from blue , to violet , to yellow , to orange .
a scaly face in a combination of violets and reds surrounded the eye .
rashelle workman the blood and snow world order blood and snow revenant in training the vampire christopher blood soaked promises prey and magic masquerades moon seal of gabriel telltale kisses love bleeds eye of abernathy resolved to rule vampire ever after cindy witch the hunters tale gabriel after the kiss the cindy chronicles vampire lies a beauty so beastly blood and snow season two vampire lies ( book 1 ) summary : eyes like violet sapphires .
envy stood in the doorway , her sympathetic violet eyes searching .
extending from envys back was a beautiful , feathery pair of deep violet wings .
this is amazing , wonderful , stupendous , envy said , her deep violet wings beating against the bright sky .
sincerely , rashelle workman the blood and snow world order blood and snow revenant in training the vampire christopher blood soaked promises prey and magic masquerades moon seal of gabriel telltale kisses love bleeds eye of abernathy resolved to rule vampire ever after cindy witch the hunters tale gabriel after the kiss the cindy chronicles vampire lies a beauty so beastly blood and snow season two vampire lies ( book 1 ) summary : eyes like violet sapphires .
mark watched the sickly violet and cyan light flicker across aaron 's shoelaces while his mind drifted far from the show .
he did nt even look like the same person with the violet that had overtaken those eyes .
she could see their violet hue .
she only looked at him , watching as his eyes began to take on a brighter shade of violet , growing slightly stronger as his suspicion surmounted .
he looked at her , his eyes a clear and translucent violet .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
the end of book one other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) the memoria of chloe winter ( violet blake # 3 ) the repossession of violet blake ( violet blake # 4 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
he held the plate out with the violet colored grapes that swirled with blue hues , almost like it was iridescent .
she came down to the main hall to find her mother and father waiting , both dressed in richly embroidered violet clothing .
the red or the violet ?
my husband thinks my new violet gown brings out the purple tones in my eyes .
i remember we had a fat white cat named moses who used to sit on my mother 's violet beds and drove her crazy .
myra dropped the bundle on the bed and it revealed itself to be a fitted silk plum - coloured blouse and a long , violet , crushed velvet skirt .
through the translucence of the desk , it could be seen that charon was dressed in a velvet dress the violet of royalty , which was so long it seemed to sink into the floor beneath her , obscuring her feet .
a fairy sat nearby , its translucent wings shimmering in shades of turquoise and violet .
his pain layered the image in deep violet and i used the strength of that emotion to begin my transformation .
their shafts were luminescent , a silver grey which bled out towards the individual barbs and became a brilliant violet .
from there , the violet moved into fiery red , and the tip of each delicate fiber culminated in glowing yellow .
bella immediately glowed a bright violet .
the sun was beginning to rise , mixing the dark violets and blacks of the starry night sky with peaches and oranges as the early sun rose .
its not violet , i tell him .
they were there again , themselves , but some years older , and in the dress of another era , with long rich gowns and shining jewellery , the sort that alice had only seen in period films and pictures in books , high waisted and low necked with long , close fitting sleeves tapering to the white hands , dark hair falling in a glossy stream down their backs , their eyes grey and clear and with a hint of violet in the depths .
and alice found herself clasped suddenly , gently , in an enormous claw , and flown smoothly back to shore , where robbies grief - stricken face lit in wonder , and arlen , cold and drawn on the sand , her left hand crushed and bloody and still wearing the traces of the ruby ring , began to cough and choke , and opened her eyes , which were a strange , beautiful violet colour in the new dawn .
she was slender , like the other two , but looked completely different with her long purple hair and violet colored eyes .
her violet eyes lit with mischief .
dim violet light from the ceiling mingled with the shifting light of the games .
one of the hulmiens with dark hair and piercing violet eyes kept winking at him .
as the candlelight lit up the metallic letters , a violent violet glow burned out of them .
boy , violet is never going to believe this .
first , i ve got to tell violet about this .
today , violet faced the randorian aikido exercise where one person defends against several attackers .
three young boys stood opposite violet on the matsall wearing protective pads .
they charged violet as mr . iito gave the word .
violet charged the last boy , blocked a punch then thrust her palm under his chin unbalancing him .
hugh chesterton fell back as flick williams got up , intending to come at violet again .
very good , violet .
i d think you would know violet from a boy by now , lug .
they looked at violet apprehensively .
you do nt always have to come to my rescue , violet .
violet pedaled around a tree on the well worn path .
percival laughed , and violet laughed with him .
by the time percival and violet came near to the clearing of trees , the sun had almost dipped below the mountains .
either way , violet trekked on ahead .
hold on , violet .
i do , but violet looked at the house in the fading light .
percival had nt actually thought about bringing violet to see the car first .
stop it , violet !
percival grabbed violets hand .
he grabbed violet around the shoulders , shoving her to the ground .
percival jerked violet up again then broke into a sprint for the forest .
percival and violet clamored over broken trees , through splintered branches and hit the ground running again .
percival grabbed violets arm , pulling her out of the way as the tongue snatched undergrowth from where shed been standing , pulling it back to its mouth .
missing percival and violet arrived back in their own neighborhood nearly an hour later .
more and more , he thought of violet as an actual girl and not just his best friend in the whole world .
percival remained lost in the hug violet had given him .
the next day at school , percival looked for violet at the bus stop .
when violet did nt arrive in their third period class , percival became a little concerned .
percival shot through the yard , all the while looking around for any sign of violet .
when he finally arrived back home , the police cruisers were gone , but violet had still not come home or been located .
his father had included a special prayer for violets safe return when they asked for the lords blessing on their meal .
not a board seemed out of place , nor a window broken that had not been broken before the great lizard smashed through , nearly killing him and violet .
she wore a white cotton dress and her hair was up in bouncy curlsall of which was very out of character for violet .
he called out to violet and tried to run toward her , but every step seemed mired in quicksand .
as violet noticed him , she waved , calling to him .
the next day , violet remained missing .
he had to get back out there , looking for violet .
somehow , in some way , violet had made contact with him .
surely , violet had not been kidnapped by an old house in the woods .
for violet .
percival stood there staring into the house , hoping to see violet come to the door ; or better , run out of the house .
he had come inside to get violet , and he had no intention of leaving without herno matter what that meant .
he had to find violet .
i m afraid , violet .
show me where violet is !
where s violet ? !
percival turned to find violet standing on the dilapidated staircase behind him .
violet looked beautiful in a white summer dress , sporting little flowers throughout her hair .
percival looked up at the other violet in time to see her give him a mean look and slam the door .
the stairs where violet had appeared stood on the far side of the room .
he heard violet calling from several different directions , chains dragging upstairs , zombies clawing at the door and the omnipresent laughter .
either give me violet , or tell me what you want from me !
the laughter ceased , the visions of violet flitting about the dark corners of the house faded , and the zombies even stood up , shrugging their shoulders at one another , confused .
well , if you did nt want me to come snooping around then why did you take violet ?
surely , your friend , violet , is worth that much .
he knew his ploy was probably foolish , but he had grown tired of the old man pushing him around and his threats to keep violet a prisoner in this house .
i hope you have nt been out looking for violet again .
dad , the people living in that house kidnapped violet .
honey , we know how hard this has been on you , with violet being your best friend , but you ve really got to calm down .
i know some of it sounds incredible , but they really do have violet inside that house .
just then , percival noticed violets father leaving his own porch , heading for his rolled newspaper lying on his sidewalk .
i need to speak to you about violet , sir !
he wanted to ask if mr . charms was quite sure violet was in her room , but it seemed foolish given his assertion that he and his wife had just seen her .
after all , you and violet have grown up togetherthe best of friendsand you were so good to run all over town on your bicycle trying to find her .
as i told your parents yesterday , violet was only hiding in her closet those days .
it was nt violets style at all .
yes , i m up here with violet .
well , percival has come over and wants to see violet .
percival followed him up then down the short hall to violets bedroom .
when percival stepped inside violets bedroom , he found everything awash in pink huesthe dresser , the carpet and the drapes .
even the clothes , seen hanging inside violets open closet , were all pink .
immediately , percival realized this did nt look a thing like violets bedroom .
percival smiled , looking down at violet , only it was nt violet in the bed at all .
a life sized doll lay in violets bed .
percival gasped , looking to violets parents for an answer .
he had tried to speak to several people along the way , but they acted just as weird as his and violets parents had .
i just came in about violet charms , captain kittridge .
he had to go back to the lonely manor and accept mr . lonelys terms for the real violets release .
he did nt have any time to lose in securing violets release .
what do i have to do to get violet back ?
these people , or ghouls , or whatever they were , still held violet prisoner against her wishes .
he turned to find violet coming into the room , wearing an elegant dress .
his mouth hung open as he stared at her , not believing she was real , not believing the same violet he knew , who drop kicked older boys in her martial arts class like it was nothing , would ever be caught dead in such an outfit , and not believing how wonderful she looked in it .
mrs . lonely had stopped arranging the room in order to admire violet in her dress .
you look reallybeautiful , violet .
percival began to sense that instead of belting him for such compliments , violet was hoping for them .
percival felt heat gathering in his cheeks , even a little dizziness , but violets grin anchored him .
you ll never do in thatnot with violet so beautifully dressed .
by the time his shirt sailed over his head and off , percival was horrifiedespecially with violet watching .
but i thought we were going to be at the dinner , mr . lonely , violet said as they joined him at the top of the stair case .
and why are you going along with all of this , violet ?
but another part kept him planted , because violet had asked him to stay .
he whispered a prayer for protection then stepped through the mirror , noticing for the first time that violet had been right .
fantastique emerging on the other side of the looking glass , percival quickly found both violet and mr . lonely standing upon a grassy hill ahead of him .
percival and violet both looked at him strangely .
he looked at violet .
this is a world of pure fantasy , violet .
percival looked at violet .
percival leaned over , whispering in violets ear .
the wizard came out from behind his pedestal of stone , giving percival and violet a cursory examination .
percival and violet could see nothing amiss about the attire mrs . lonely had personally conjured for them .
he looked at himself in comparison to violet .
i do nt know if i like this , violet said warily .
percival and violet looked at one another , clearly relieved .
percival looked at violet then at the others .
percival and violet nearly shot out of their skins , seeing the old wizards power suddenly unleashed .
marlon spoke privately with mr . lonely while violet stood with percival , surveying his handiwork .
are you all right , violet ?
i suppose we should go inside , violet suggested .
percival grinned at violet .
the great wizard marlon accompanied by the lady violet and his lowly apprentice .
percival followed marlon and violet with all eyes following them .
marlon sat in one of the grandly carved high - back chairs while percival and violet were seated in plainer seats to either side of him .
percival stole a glance at violet still sitting on the other side of marlon .
mr . lonely stood at his place on the other side of marlon several chairs beyond violet .
he looked past marlons platter of steaming roast beef to find violet smiling down at her own deluxe sized bacon cheeseburger with sides of barbecue sauce and french fries .
his fleeting thought was of violet .
percival looked at violet then at marlon standing next to him .
percival glanced at violet .
but for violet and percival nothing would ever be the same .
already , he and violet had seen beings and places that perhaps no other human being had ever witnessed before .
mr . lonely faced percival and violet .
percival smiled at violet .
he was glad that violet was free , and he really did nt want to face death .
he looked to violet for reassurance .
you re my best friend , violet .
i m not knocking you , violet , or any other mortal , but when i saw percival revive the tree and remake the ice sculpture , i did nt say what was on my mind .
she passed her hand over them , and their clothing reverted to a medieval stylepercival wearing something a page might have worn , and violet in tan leather breeches with a brown tunic over the top and her hair braided .
percival nodded , watching violet .
still , he was nt about to discourage violets hold on him .
i feel cold , violet said .
i m freezing , violet said through chattering teeth .
as soon as it surrounded them , percival reached for violet .
what happened to them , violet whispered .
we need a weapon , violet suggested .
are you kidding me , violet scolded .
oh well , much better , violet said .
its weight and momentum battered both percival and violet .
percival hit the ground next to the mortally wounded beast , but violet fell backwards over the side of a pit only just uncovered by the retreating fog .
they pulled together until violet had cleared the edge of the pit .
percival and mr . lonely walked over to it with violet and mrs . lonely following .
the others followed him across , although he could tell violet seemed reluctant about walking over the pit of giant insects which had nearly devoured her earlier .
i m just worried about percival , violet confessed .
as percival and violet walked out onto the floor he saw that a kind of coliseum surrounded them on all sides , roughly oval in shape , with many tiered levels rising beyond .
it was only at that moment that he realized violet had been holding it and was now squeezing it absentmindedly .
in that moment , before percival and violet could even find out who queen lilith was or what else might be involved , six gates located around the arena opened .
percival and violet backed toward the middle of the arena .
they at least needed a diversionsomething to take the focus off of him and violet .
the violet clones did exactly the opposite , rushing to the attack , several assailing each beast at once so that the creatures had no idea who their real targets were .
percival had kept an eye on the real violet the whole time , which was nt difficult seeing she had stopped short of a sword on one of the walls , bewildered by a clone of herself appearing before her .
its the real me , violet , percival said , whisking her out of the fray toward the edge of the arena .
behind them , percival and violet clones were being destroyed left and right .
percival rolled over , covering violet .
no sooner had he said this than the lizards jaw snapped him up by his clothing , yanking him away from violet .
seeing violet doing exactly what he had hoped she would nt do frustrated percivals hopes for her safety .
the creature turned , smashing violet with its tail .
the lycan leaped toward them as percival tried to reach violet .
he reached violet where she sat dazed on the ground .
i think i m gon na hurl , violet said as she watched the percival look - a - likes kicking feet disappear into the crabs clicking jaws .
do nt worry , they re not really alive , violet , percival said as the orangutan somersaulted toward them , landing with his mystic sword flaring .
i think he wants you to take care of those things yourself , violet said .
mrs . lonely told me his name is master baanna , violet offered .
percival , violet and baanna turned at his voice .
he looked at violet , who seemed as befuddled as he was then to marlon .
he was nt quite sure what to make of violets tone , but percival knew enough not to argue with a black belt .
he tried a weak smile , but dropped it as violet turned back to watch the woman in black slinking toward them .
he tried to look away from herhis desire to keep violet from punching his lights out still greater than the strange attraction surrounding this dazzling new ally .
percival looked at violet then the others .
his tunic of scales shimmered between shades of sea green and violet while his crimson mane curled around his head like fire .
i think that s the way its supposed to be , violet , percival said .
then she nudged closer to percival , whispering in his ear , keeping her unnaturally bright eyes fixed upon violet .
percival suddenly felt warmer , but he was nt sure if it was widow black or the daggers flying from violets eyes toward him .
percival could tell violet was gritting her teeth .
another part of him could nt help but enjoy the fact that violet seemed had been seething with jealousy ever since widow black joined their group .
percival stepped away from the woman toward violet .
just wait for a moment , he said , then he and violet bowed their heads together , praying quietly .
when they had finished , percival opened his eyes to find violet still smiling at him .
he looked back at violet .
i m not prepared for this , violet , he said .
good , violet said .
percival increased his pace with violet following , her hand gripping the hilt of her sword tightly .
behind him , violet walked nearby with her sword raised high , as if she expected werewolves to erupt from the trees at any moment .
master baanna and violet stood back to back with their weapons trained on several lycan hoping to rip their throats out .
you have to go , violet , percival pleaded .
percival was glad to see violet safely out of harms way .
master baanna , standing next to violet , drew his blade faster than percival could follow .
he turned , looking for the source of their alarm as violet screamed .
when violet screamed bloody murder , the rat screeched then turned back down the tunnel , running away .
percival , still startled , tried to calm violet down .
when percival emerged into a broader space , he found violet , baanna , widow black , sir bane , and only two of his knights .
he s right , violet agreed , though clearly she did nt enjoy the idea .
percival and violet are correct , he said .
i do nt see any of them around , violet said .
percival looked at violet then sir bane .
she watched violet for a reaction the whole time .
percival also glanced violets way , but she apparently was nt going to give widow black the satisfaction this time .
i knew it , violet said , exasperated .
sir bane and his remaining knights sheathed their swords , as did baanna and violet .
right now , he was hoping violet would nt take up the subject with any jokes at widow blacks expense .
he smiled at violet , but revealed nothing of his plan .
sir bane and his two remaining knights were fighting off renders , while violet and baanna came through into the queens egg chamber .
percival saw blood dripping from a wound on violets hand .
the renders were after violet .
baanna saw the renders coming for him and violet .
immediately , baanna lunged for the second in line while the third carried on toward violet and her bleeding hand .
the bloodthirsty render drove into the dirt , dead at violets feet just in time .
percival wanted to assist violet , to make her safe , but he knew sir bane was right .
the water lifted percival , violet , sir bane and baanna toward the roof of the egg chamber .
percival treaded water , keeping a firm grip on violets sleeve .
percival pushed several away as he prepared to go under with violet .
he gave several more hard kicks with his fins and surged through the portal with violet in tow .
while we were waiting in the tunnel for you to get the queen renders blood , she grabbed my hand and laid it open with one of her fingernails , violet explained .
a woman could see through her in a second , violet said , sounding vindicated .
sir bane and percival looked at one another , feeling slightly guilty because violet was probably right .
percival and violet stared at sir bane until he blinked , coming out of his trance again to look at them .
well , its working , violet affirmed .
i think he wants us to follow him , violet said .
he started to follow baanna with violet .
but when they did , percival found violet and baanna waiting anxiously , trying to get their breath before continuing .
baanna is right , violet said , holding up her own sword ready to fight .
in each case , sir bane or violet had quickly dispatched the creature with their swords , leaving the headless fiend scrabbling about on the ground while vultures and crows lit upon it to have their fill .
where s violet ?
he imagined himself riding the sound of violets voice all the way to the source .
the sound of violets voice seemed to pierce directly through percivals chest , snaring him and pulling him off his feet , flying through the air like a fish on a hook .
he was startled to find violet strapped to a stainless steel table with two more creeps standing over her , wearing filthy surgical gowns , masks and gloves .
apparently , the asylums version of shock therapy had elicited violets agonizing screams .
the one with the jumper cables made ready to touch violets skin again if percival made any move toward them .
percival rushed to violets side , trying to undo the leather straps she had been fastened to the table with .
percival closed his eyes , trying to relieve his anger with the knowledge that violet was safe .
that small breakdown was all violet was going to allow this insane place .
surely it ca nt be that easy , violet said .
that s just it , violet tried to explain .
but now we have to go through the well of souls , violet said .
you have to command the well of souls , percival , violet said .
both violet and percival stumbled backwards , looking up toward the cavern ceiling .
no kidding , violet said .
villains always enjoyed a good monologue , so he let her continue while trying to push aside the thought that violet , baanna and sir bane might be lying nearby half crushed beneath these huge stones , slowly slipping away into death .
still , i would be willing to give violet to you as your very own .
but violet might be killed for it .
he would lose violet .
in that moment , the three greek statues cracked like eggshells , revealing violet , baanna and sir bane beneath the marble skins .
following the very unceremonious ceremony , percival and violet had bid farewell to sir bane and baanna .
she was a petite , pretty fairy with sparkling violet wings , but she could nt fly straight .
nimble swooped downward , her violet wings tickling my cheeks .
nimble landed on elspeths shoulder , folding her violet legs indian - style beneath her .
nimble flew over his head , leaving a trail of violet sparkles falling over his mud speckled hair .
a mud - covered violet fairy dangled from the fingers .
herman scooted next to the fairy , his green body rubbing up against her violet wings .
there was a violet glow , and the overwhelming taste of watermelon .
nimble glanced at me , her violet cheeks growing a darker purple .
the view ahead was of a great valley , shrouded in mist , where great peaks and promontories plunged with a great waterfall into violet jungle belowahead , the fern - covered , fern - enshrouded trail awaited him , the color of the vegetation violet , or purple , the trees black in bark , and not brown , as on earth .
the jungle edging the savannah was purple , with shades of violet , like the differences between dark and light green , and the grass of the savannah , like the grass that grows golden in a field , was just that , golden , except more bright than ` ` on earth . ''
as matthew held out his arms she saw him disappear into a cloud of violet color that seemed to soar with the wind .
looking up , a person would see the stars and moon still bright as dawn began to flood the sky with its dark reds , violets , blues or whatever color dawn decided to use from her palette - much as the wind did what it wanted , so too did the sky .
peter searched through the colors of the rainbow frantically , looking for one , just one , which might offer some hope he found it buried somewhere between blue and violet .
without thinking , without any idea what he was looking at , peter somehow knew what he had to do : he aimed at the precise place in the pool where that shade of blue - violet emanated , and he dove in .
they all watched the sunset together , a pretty orange , pink , then violet , packed up the basket and carted it to the car before heading for namsan park .
no more lavender or violet .
her eyes , a brilliant violet , were her only beautiful quality .
i noticed the light inside the tube begin to drain , and lillys skin begin to shine a shade of shimmering violet .
her long , straight hair was black and glossy , and her eyes were a bright , clear violet .
he s got that long slightly wavy hair that drapes around his cheekbones with he talks and it cuddles his square jaw line that s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that kinda twinkles like electric blue stars against his pale skin .
he cocks his jaw sideways giggling and grinning while his hair drapes over his right cheekbone and jaw line then pulls me into his face seeing up close his pretty blue pupils with a touch of violet that twinkles like a pair of electric blue stars then he swiftly kisses my parted lips .
beck tilts his jaw to the right as slightly wavy hair drapes around his right cheekbone and cuddles the side of his square jaw line that s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that twinkles like a pair of electric blue stars against his pale skin without his eyeglasses .
beck tilts his jaw to the right as slightly wavy hair drapes around his right cheekbone and cuddles the side of his square jaw line that s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that twinkles like an pair of electric blue stars against his pale skin without his eyeglasses .
i stared at it a little longer and finally realized my wings look like the violet - forget me not flowers .
even the light dimmed , and a beautiful shade of violet was cast on every object in the room .
the sky was pale green with cloud - like formations in brilliant shades of azure blue and violet .
she crept back into his mind constantly and he was picturing her standing beside him right now , her big , beautiful violet eyesher long hair blowing in the ocean breeze as she stared across the pacific .
she had so much mystery in her huge violet eyes , he could certainly understand why every man she met quickly became smitten .
an elder in a soft green gown with violet robes called to vianez and penora .
visit my smashwords page at : www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ettumustela the resurgence of violet blake book i ( violet blake series ) copyright 2014 bre faucheux www.brefaucheux.com chapter 1 mom and dad told me from a young age that our family had secrets which must be kept , but i never felt in danger until i experienced the consequences of those secrets being revealed .
i bought the ticket in cash and gave the ticket lady my new passport with violet blake as my name .
end of book i bre faucheux other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
end of book i bre faucheux other titles by bre faucheux : the elder origins exile ( elder origins # 2 ) encounters ( elder origins # 3 ) the keepers realm cellblock four the resurgence of violet blake ( violet blake # 1 ) the revival of violet blake ( violet blake # 2 ) * * * visit me at my blog : www.brefaucheux.com if you enjoyed my book , i would greatly appreciate it if you left a review , recommend it to others , or lend it to friends and family .
ryan and violet are two cranky old people who hate children .
grandma told you that ryan and violet were coming for you ?
she told me that either i come to the hotel to assure that eliza stays out of trouble , or she sends otis to pick you guys up to send to ryan and violet , jake admits .
nat is as much as claw person as i am a shrinking violet person .
no wind blew , and no cloud obscured the violet night sky , scattered with stars beyond measure , visible through the reaching limbs of trees that threw their hands skyward in praise .
deep violet flowers hung loosely from those vines , and around the walls that led to iron posts at the gates .
i stared at her meekly , captivated by the pools of violet , and the thread of a scar woven into her right brow .
their pale violet eyes blazed before they darted out the front door .
sitres gleaming lense shone brightly in the sun , casting a single violet ray upon the ground .
the violet of her irises suddenly became blue black like the sky , so hollow and empty .
she went back to all fours but stayed glued to him , her fierce violet eyes buzzing .
her violet orbs pierced me as she passed , whipping my arm with her black tail .
he threw the worn violet pants of the six hundreds at me .
i came to return your pants , i told him , handing over the violet pants .
i walked around the car , the violet dress back in its bag .
flowers dotted gently sloping hills in shades of fuchsia , teal , and violet , leaving selena open - mouthed and stunned .
mother indulged in the sight of her infant , whose bright violet eyes never strayed from her gaze .
i got up , stared at him with my darkened violet eyes and disappeared into the crowds .
nothing unusual about the tree except for a pattern of gleaming violet diamonds circling one of the thickest branches .
i ' m ms . winters , but i prefer my patients call me by my first name , violet . ''
zarah sat up straight , folded her arms , and stared at violet .
for some reason she could not meet violet 's eyes anymore .
she tried to peer through the blinds to see what was going on and saw violet through a crack .
when violet opened it , zarah fell on top of her .
all the mock emotion drained from violet 's face , leaving only contempt and spite .
the pair of wide hazel eyes that i d been staring at merely seconds ago were now a deep shade of violet .
the mountains looked like a shadowy backdrop against the vibrant sea of pinks , blues , violets , and orange hues swirling in the sky .
i looked into the two violet pools sparkling before me .
his grip was fierce , and his eyes were the most blazing shade of violet i d seen yet .
i watched the violet hue in his eyes intensify as one of his brows began to arch .
tanners eyes blazed a dark shade of violet that at first glance , appeared almost black .
tanner lowered his shades and flashed his smoldering violet eyes one more time .
it shifted from violet to blue , then green , then orange , before becoming violet again .
it shifted from violet to blue , then green , then orange , before becoming violet again .
it glowed a bright violet and spun like water going down a drain .
sparks were flying from the steel blade as the violet portal tried to close itself , but could nt .
these , and countless other thoughts , raced through peytons mind as she watched the swirling violet light shower sparks down at her feet , the tip of a powerful blade pointing at her face , seemingly appearing out of thin air .
he stumbled through the open gates and began to make his way down the path towards a softly glowing violet light not far in the distance .
azrael collided with the swirling violet light and there was suddenly an enormous surge of energy crackling through the air .
with a wave of her hand , eve opened the violet portal , the light swirling madly before them , the sudden increase in wind blowing their hair about as they stared into the vortex .
as a student , and when allowed , practitioner of the magical arts , sophia 's eyes had taken on the characteristic violet colour that marked such folk .
sophia , in a gown of soft violet , glided in with a quiet stately grace .
sophia looked back at her , thick strands of her hair glowing gently silver and her eyes lit from within by pale violet light .
at first glance the woman 's eyes appeared to be light blue in colour , but as sophia looked into them they changed to the same violet colour as her own eyes .
` ` i 'd heard that witches can hide the violet , '' sophia began , her voice far steadier than she felt .
his once hazel eyes were now pale violet .
christy took a quick second to notice what brianna was wearing : bootleg jeans , a violet v - neck t - shirt , and yellow rimmed glasses .
or maybe that s violet ... who s elizabeth taylor ?
oh , and by the way , '' reizo says with a smile , ` ` branches turn violet on a sunny day and the top leaves on your tree should match the sky color .
i stared at the growing crowd , as bright pink and violet dressed piranhas stalked quickly to the apple of their eyes .
there was also a tight looking violet sundress that went to my knees and a fitted jean jacket .
secondary colors : red and blue = violet : power , nobility , mystery , magic .
she was wearing black dress pants and violet blouse .
they looked different , more violet than blue .
they are represented by the lamb and proudly bear the violet amethyst on their breastplates and upon their crowns .
a pair of angry sounding voices reached his ear and a second figure , robed in the violet of hashmalim , appeared close to his companion .
brown , hazel , blue , green , grey , violet , red , orange , yellow , purple , forest green , lime green , blue gray , bittersweet , burgundy , burnt sienna , pink , cerulean , tangerine , copper , peach .
fluorescent light floods the upper hallway , revealing smokey sitting at the top bathed in the reflected glow of the violet walls , blinking inscrutably at her .
she was swaying to the music in a violet and white lace gown .
it glowed in colors of white , gold , and violet and was excruciatingly beautiful to behold .
i thought of aysel wearing a short violet and white , lace and satin dress , with gold , strappy high heels , like she likes to wear , and she was .
the beautiful violet blue tanzanite that was mined in marat changed all of that .
the beautiful violet blue tanzanite which was now heavily mined in marat changed all of that .
in short , these were the best possible blue violet very exceptional stones , cut perfectly to the square / princess design .
photographs of the mountains were replaced with pictures of beautifully cut tanzanite stones in hues of blue and violet .
dressed in glaring violet , ray thinks gracy look enchanting tonight , more so than ever .
her eyes glowed an intense violet , with green contacts covering them .
she wore a pretty violet colored sundress over black tights .
i was wearing ripped skinny jeans with light purple tank top ; over that was a darker violet see - through shirt with most of one sleeve torn off , so it hung down so that the strap of my tank top could be seen .
west picked up the flask of violet coloured liquid he had prepared earlier , and poured the contents into the reservoir of the apparatus .
the trickiest part of the process was at the end , when one liquid was added drop by drop to another until a reaction took place , and the fluid changed to the characteristic violet colour .
an hour later i had prepared one litre of the violet coloured fluid .
as i watched the clear liquid fall drop by drop into the flask , ready to close the stop - cock at the precise instant the characteristic violet colour appeared , i realized that i heard sounds as of a conversation .
he glanced at the apparatus , where a full flask of the violet liquid now stood .
he clicked it on , and saw a bunch of shots of a pretty young woman with sad violet eyes and angelic features , surmounted by a shimmering blonde halo .
they hooked it up to the moniker , and in seconds they 'd printed off a glossy , full colour print of the woman with sad violet eyes .
no one was here long enough to notice the cool violet skulls on the collar .
well go , violet , i rooted under my breath .
he topped one with a cherry and said in a mocking voice , the cherrys all yours , violet .
i took him in through the original paneled front door of the portico - covered bungalow , currently painted a deep violet , pointing out that the previous homeowner had replaced the roof , winterized it , and added storm windows eight years ago .
jeez , you d think that i was a shrinking violet .
his long , grey hair was tied in a ponytail that hung halfway down his back , and his eyes were the same strange violet colour as the child 's , but sparkled differently with a look that suggested that they had seen everything imaginable .
he had the strangest violet eyes that aidan had ever seen .
and the violet eyes had to be contact lenses .
he had the sweetest expression and the strangest violet eyes carol had ever seen .
and when the figure appeared at the door wilfred was surprised to see the same violet eyes in a much older face .
in other circumstances i would have been surprised and acted like it , but then again what good could possibly come out of blushing , stuttering and acting like a complete shoujo manga shrinking violet lead character in front of someone like koukina rin ?
his violet blue eyes draw me in and i wonder how i could have forgotten them .
his / her little nephew , violet for the shame , it put on in head the usual envelope not to make himself / herself / themselves recognize .
but mommy is nt he the one you were telling aunt violet about ?
you were telling aunt violet about me ?
her cheeks were streaked with violet .
i m happy you did nt , but who , then berthas face still had not lost its violet color .
rose was almost camouflaged against the violet wall where a thick framed mirror hung .
they were deep pools of violet , drawing him in and locking his gaze to hers .
she spun away and shot him a withering glare that bore through him like a violet laser .
and being the shrinking violet , subservient character that i played in these games , i 'd always volunteer to pour them for the big strong man who was going to make - a me feel sooo good '' she affected a stereotypical japanese accent .
the first was of an ultra violet sighting of radiation .
a stampede of uncontrolled violet water covered the trunks of the tall trees just barely missing the old people who clung to the branches like baby monkeys on their mothers back .
they say action speaks louder than words , and it appeared larry evans was no shrinking violet .
a stiff , white envelope addressed to violet whittaker perched in the greenery .
deep in the middle of the sonnets , i found the forward violet sonnet , although it was nt capitalized in the original .
bates recalled from memory , very fast , amber , auburn , beige , blue , burgundy , charcoal , chestnut , copper , crimson , cyan , green , indigo , ivory , lavender , lemon , lilac , lime , magenta , mahogany , maroon , mint , ochre , olive , orange , pearl , pink , purple , ruby , scarlet , sienna , silver , tangerine , taupe , teal , turquoise , of course , vanilla , vermilion , violet and yellow .
that s being compiled by violet .
there was a long railing that guided us to the far end of a hallway with mountain laurel branches hovering over the railing , while violet leathery blossoms were scraped across the floor smelling of a frothy grape .
elijah shuffled into the kitchen to the cupboard and pulled out his favorite mug , an over - sized white cup with the words purple rider football stamped in violet .
chapter twenty - five colors floatedreds , pinks , yellows , blues , violets , golds , whitesand elijah breathed them deeply .
i saw paper feeding into the machines at one end , turning through ink rollers carrying scarlet , violet and black ink , twisting them through hypnotic motions to leave them drying at the end in neat - ish piles .
gary , sammy , and violet were pleased to be called on to provide more information , to answer more detailed questions .
he seemed a little put out by violet and sammy interrupting .
gary and violet are being reassigned there as well . ''
he rolled to his side and he was staring right at violet 's tight bottom .
he caught violet glancing at him as they transitioned to the final stretching move .
jake was paired with violet .
jake was aware that violet was very adroit , but he did not imagine she would be much of a match .
this is what he expected from violet .
before jake had an opportunity to be embarrassed at the turn of events , he felt violet collapse her body on top of him , wrapping his left leg between hers , one foot planted in his groin , the other crossed over .
as violet closed on him , blood staining her perfect white teeth , jake widened his stance and brought his both hands out to his sides .
he reached down to pick it up , watching violet grab her injured left leg .
i wo n't go easy on you next time , '' violet said as she limped off toward the dressing room .
his assistants picked up the sparring equipment and wiped up violet 's blood from the mat .
` ` violet has it out for you , man .
besides , violet is n't the only one we have to worry about trusting . ''
gary , sam , and violet could also find themselves in danger if this did not go as planned .
i disagree with mr . monday and the director , '' violet said , her voice shrill and demanding .
so much for that promotion , violet , jake thought .
matthew stared at violet , his mouth agape .
xavier glided down the table and took violet 's hand in his .
jake imagined his smoking revolvers were aimed at violet 's meddling head .
only matthew remained , chatting quietly with violet .
jake was amazed as he watched violet write down a number on a slip of paper and he took it , a sparkle in his eye .
audio and visual confirmation , vector new year , violets voice always sounded like a robot over transmission .
i guess i tweaked the nose of my boss , gave violet more reason to hate me , and owe gary a country club membership .
lars and violet got out as soon as the vehicle came to a stop about twenty yards from the jet .
he cocked his head and looked again at violet who shook her head and seemed to be chuckling .
so where did that leave violet ?
st . george slayed one in a famous painting , violet answered .
he looked up at violet in the front seat .
and calvin really works for us , violet finished .
he watched violet open a small black case in the front seat .
he watched as violet put the syringe in a packet and put it back in her purse .
jake asked violet .
adaja , violet said .
he looked up at violet gazing at him as if she expected something .
sergei says you have been avoiding training , violet challenged .
the longer you put it off , the more likely it is that you will be broken when we are done , violet offered .
he could see violets head bobbing in the middle of the press in the elevator and decided he would wait .
then there is that surveillance camera retrieval from the premier inn in the cheating husband case for lucy taylor and the fraud whiplash injury claim by violet cunningham . '
nightingale turned to violet .
it showed violet gyrating on the dance floor of a well known west end nightclub , her head flicking from side to side in time to the music and then throwing her head back in an ecstatic movement coinciding with a flourish in the music .
nightingale stared at violet in disbelief .
the bartender looked up from his methodical task of glass washing ; to him it seemed a never - ending chore , into a pair of very violet colored eyes .
becky told her how beautiful she looked on the show but she was even better looking in person because the tv did n't do justice to her vivid violet eyes .
he d seen light deep down in the others not a bottom , just light a hazy violet glow .
nods and smiles to amy , my perpetual sounding board , and to all who have supported my writing passion with their love and candid advice characters ( alphabetical order ) bartholomew , simon - police sergeant ; di tipples assistant and sounding board for the duration of the case bates - the warden at holloway prison bradtree , eustace - plainclothes detective sergeant ; speaks with a lisp ; assisted di tipple at the station burberry , ( mr . ) - half - blind witness to the kidnapping carew , violet - david powells childhood sweetheart ; appears only in a dream colmes - police sergeant and pc simmonss immediate supervisor ; mentioned only duke , conway - nicholas harkers uncle ; not part of the harker clan ediker , corbin - convict ; overheard a discussion in prison that set in motion the kidnapping fred - corbin edikers pal ; mentioned only frost - police constable ; assisted di tipple with conway dukes interview gervais , milo - the murder victim that resulted in nicholas harkers arrest ; rival to harker clan ; mentioned only griffiths - guard at holloway prison haggerty , broderick - plainclothes detective sergeant ; assisted with the maps in the tunnels hansworth , ( dr . ) - police coroner ; mentioned only harker , archibald - nicholas harkers uncle ; the factory owner harker , ernest - nicholas harkers great - grandfather ; former patriarch of the harker clan ; deceased ; mentioned only harker , nicholas - also goes by innocent ; the patsy harker , rafe - nicholas harkers father ; deceased ; mentioned only harker , winston - nicholas harkers grandfather ; current patriarch of the harker clan and once a suspected murderer / rapist ; mentioned only innocent - the name nicholas harker prefers to be called little - police constable ; does nt know what an albatross looks like marquette , henri - one of david powells language student ; elise marquettes husband ; mentioned only marquette , elise - henri marquettes wife marsh , ( mrs . ) - lewis todds landlady marvelle , penelope - also goes by penny ; david powells friend and lewis todds quasi love interest mcnamara , angus - cats husband and agnes ( annie ) mcnamaras father ; mentioned only mcnamara , annie - first name is agnes ; cats daughter ; mentioned only mercers - a portsmouth gang nolan , john - police sergeant ; telephoned di tipple about a new murder early in the morning o'malley , frank - murder victim ; nicholas harkers friend powell , agatha - david powells eldest sister ; mentioned only powell , david - priest ; lewis todds best friend and fellow kidnapping victim powell , lucy - david powells second eldest sister ; mentioned only powell , margaret - also goes by maggie ; david powells twin sister ; mentioned only powell / mcnamara , catherine - also goes by cat ; david powells youngest sister ; angus mcnamaras wife and agnes ( annie ) mcnamaras mother ; mentioned only simmons - police constable ; alerted di tipple to nicholas harkers disappearance tipple , mathilda - also goes by hildy ; horace tipples wife tipple , horace - also goes by rory ; plainclothes detective inspector ; mathilda tipples husband ; leads the investigation against the harkers and the hunt for the missing men todd , lewis - also goes by lew ; police sergeant ; david powells best friend and fellow kidnapping victim ; di tipples protg venn - a thug with particular animosity for david powell prologue london , early april 1887 corbin ediker spat through the bars into the hallway , the brown stream of tobacco juices widening a damp patch on the bricks he d been working on for a while now .
it illuminated the surrounding sky in a flurry of pink , orange , red , and violet , creating within me a sense of awe that i d never felt before .
she hummed quietly , pulling the hairbrush through her black hair and admiring the deep violet fabric of the borrowed robe as it contrasted with her pale skin .
striding past several tall vases bursting with white , red , and violet , she inhaled their sweet aroma as she descended the front steps .
other times the infrared sun comes muted by cloud , shifted to a pall of violet that arches out over the city like figures dancing and weeping , or like nightmares glimpsed down a long corridor of sleep .
not the shrinking violet type .
her sharp eyes were a keen blue with a curious slash of violet in the right eye .
both were blue with an unusual violet slash through them , morgans in the right and fayes in the left .
morgan closed her eyes for a second and when she opened them again , they were cobalt blue steel , the violet slash a deeper shade .
but enough about me1 evening found us sitting on the tiny balcony of chens room , watching in the cool of the evening as the mountains turned from golden to violet and then black .
that he set the house alight while violet orell was still inside ?
the ones we 're replacing them with only show if lit by an ultra violet light .
at the peak of ascension there was a dancing violet aura surrounding a cluster of brilliant white light , collecting in a circle .
ultra violet .
` ` as you may know , '' fache said , his eyes luminescing in the violet glow , '' police use black - light illumination to search crime scenes for blood and other forensic evidence .
names like ruby , violet , pearl , anne , elizabeth , beryl , sounded in his ears , but all he saw was a sea of beautiful , sunburned faces and a succession of splendid , sweatered young bosoms .
then , in the violet camelot sweater , well , that 's violet of course .
' oh violet ! '
' well , anyway , they do , ' said violet obstinately .
' now violet , then elizabeth , then beryl .
now then , violet . '
he sat down on the right of irma bunt in the same placing as for drinks , with ruby on his right and violet , dark , demure , self - effacing , opposite him , and glumly opened his napkin .
bond finally calmed down the woman 's momentary fever , and the head waiter , who had been politely hovering , presented giant menus covered in violet ink .
and it happened again when violet stipulated plenty of potatoes with her tournedos .
' oh , they 're just darling , ' enthused violet .
it was an adequate ball which went bouncing on between ruby and violet , and bond kept it in play while their food came and proved delicious .
ruby and violet were already there .
chicken again for ruby , cold cuts ' with stacks of potatoes ' for violet .
i talked to violet last night .
' well , you know me and violet , then there 's elizabeth mackinnon .
a tenth girl , the origin of the scare , a miss violet o'neill , is under observation at shannon hospital .
18 oubliette at six o'clockinthe evening , the deep bell tolled briefly from the castle and dusk came like the slow drawing of a violet blind over the day .
violet , rose , cherry , pansy , and lily .
chapter vi table z at twelve forty - five bond and leiter paid off their cab and walked in under the sign which announced ' the boneyard ' in violet and green neon .
they were of different hues , golden , blue , green , violet , red .
there was a streak of violet whose origin was a violet bulb on the board of an instrument panel in the wall , which controlled the steel cover over the exhaust pit .
there was a streak of violet whose origin was a violet bulb on the board of an instrument panel in the wall , which controlled the steel cover over the exhaust pit .
bond obediently picked up the top crystal ' and for the next quarter , of an hour m led him through the whole range of diamonds down to a wonderful series of coloured stones , ruby red , blue , pink , yellow , green and violet .
out of the mouth of the huge , shadowed poster , between the great violet lips , half - open in ecstasy , the dark shape of a man emerged and hung down like a worm from the mouth of a corpse .
even the deep violet glimmer of the night - light above the door seemed to say , ' i will watch for you .
the violet eye of the nightlight shone softly down .
his'grinning teeth glistened violet .
bond pitched forward on to the floor and lay sprawled under the funereal violet light .
it was only a sharp pain in his head where it had hit the woodwork , and the violet sheen on the scuffed toecaps against his nose , that said he was n't dead .
before he could recover himself , up from the floor rose the terrible face , its eyes shining violet , the violet teeth bared .
before he could recover himself , up from the floor rose the terrible face , its eyes shining violet , the violet teeth bared .
he stared up at the violet light above the door .
the end i i hear you loud and clear punctually at six o'clock the sun set with a last yellow flash behind the blue mountains , a wave of violet shadow poured down richmond road , and the crickets and tree frogs in the fine gardens began to zing and tinkle .
the other side of the mountains was in deep violet shadow .
the twenty - foot tendrils of a portuguese man - o'-war drifted slowly across the window , glinting violet as they caught the light .
they were the true deep violet of a pansy and they looked candidly out at the world from beneath straight black brows .
the deep violet eyes examined him carefully .
the tinkle of an early tree - frog announced the beginning of the short violet dusk .
it was dark grey with that violet tinge that is so often a danger signal in the underwater world .
in the afternoons he swished away in the violet bentley -- -to bournemouth , it seemed , where he had ` ` business . ''
there was nothing that a painful week in hospital and plenty of gentian violet or tannic acid jelly would n't cure .
anne blake had black hair and unbelievable violet eyes framed by long , dark lashes .
anne had turned her incredible violet eyes on him .
she turned and looked at him with those incredible violet eyes .
elizabeth was petite and sensual , with incredible violet eyes and a hint of the magic that was going to make her a legend .
it gently curled around hassel island , and grew darker until it was indigo and then violet .
' and , paddy , if that shrinking violet has had both phones taken off the hook , you tell him i know about his girlfriend from egypt and i just might leak it if he does n't call me . '
a dark violet , shading swiftly into an intense cerulean .
the sky had turned the color of slate , the forest casting violet shadows over the sandy inlet .
the violet of the hunter 's mantle .
there are no thunderstorms , but as the sky tinges toward violet , the fog arrives .
could andy or violet or some other law enforcement contingency have found him ?
but violet was n't listening .
and i told him , i said ... you with me , violet ? ''
a four - year - old boy ran over and stopped in front of violet , a chocolate icing ring around his smiling little mouth .
` ` where 's max , violet ? ''
` ` same place he was when you asked me a week ago , '' violet responded but she did not say it bitterly .
as violet sipped her tea she felt charles eyeing her .
he was always chiding her about her ` ` boy haircut , '' said women were supposed to have long and flowing hair , encouraged violet to let her blond locks grow out .
evelyn stared up at violet through cloudyblue eyes that picked up the gray in her hair .
with the commotion of the feasting congregation now a whisper , violet stepped into a dark classroom and closed the door behind her .
21 violet turned around in the cul - de - sac and parked her jeep cherokee on the curb .
mullins lumbered off toward the white - jacketed csi techs , violet glanced over her shoulder at a woman who stood weeping in the street at the edge of the worthingtons ' lawn .
he was a year younger than violet , just a year out of the academy on uniformed patrol .
but violet remembered him .
his large eyes came to violet .
as bruce headed back up the driveway , violet rubbed her arms .
22 violet kicked off her heels and slipped her tiny feet into the cloth bootees .
i mean , whoever thought that you , little violet king , would be mixed up with that monster ?
` ` sorry to bust up your conversation , but judy i need to speak with violet privately . ''
o c r a c o k e 31 at 6:00 a.m. wednesday morning on the third floor of the harper castle bandb , violet knelt over the toilet in her suite , waiting for the nausea to pass .
37 though violet longed to tell him in person she did n't know if she could hold out that long - through interviews with scottie myers and the kites and reporting to sgt .
` ` we 're going to walk out of here together , violet . ''
` ` violet , '' she whimpered .
` ` sit up , violet .
when i looked back at violet her neck was craning .
` ` well , here 's the deal , '' i said to violet .
i glanced down at violet .
i glanced back at violet .
we needed to continue south toward the middle village ruins but i doubted if violet had the strength .
i led violet to the front pew and helped her out of the dripping poncho .
i knelt down before violet .
` ` violet , we need to take off your wet clothes . ''
sitting up on one elbow , i gazed down into violet 's blanched face .
` ` violet , i ' m not going to hurt you .
43 violet sat up now in my sleeping bag , propped against the railing that separated the pews from the altar .
` ` i ' ve already found my peace , violet .
shadows and candlelight waltzed across violet 's face , the only warmth in the church .
i could hardly see violet and she could hardly see the path before her .
as we pushed on into the interior , i realized that i was trusting violet to guide us , my eyes fixed on the back of her boots .
i whispered for violet to stop .
i told violet to keep walking .
the trail split and violet stopped .
` ` look , '' violet whispered .
` ` i see it , '' violet said .
at the top i glanced over my shoulder , saw violet still hunched near the tree .
` ` a man with long black- '' from the woods , violet screamed my name .
outside violet screamed .
i struggled to my feet , violet 's .45 clenched in my hand .
through the fuzziness , i thought of violet again , wondered where he 'd left her , hoped the thing had been done quickly .
51 beth and violet stirred as we entered our fourth period of light .
a stream of water trickled down the stone beside violet .
beth stood in bare feet , in her filthy yellow teddy , gazing down at andy and violet .
` ` violet , '' she whispered , touching her face , running her fingers across the top of her dirty matted hair , ` ` you 're going to have your baby . ''
a black moon appeared and descended toward him , filling his violet sky with the reek of scorched metal and death .
in the corner opposite violet , rufus poured a big bag of seasalt into a basin of water while luther vigorously stirred the saline solution with a wooden spoon .
now , andrew , do n't you worry about little violet .
at violet .
we do n't have time to mess with ... where 's violet ? ''
luther lifted violet in his arms and the kites walked together out of the hanging room , through the basement corridors , past the electric chair , and up the creaking stairs .
struggling to my feet , i moved on through the narrow hallway into the kitchen , the dead quietude of the house convincing me they 'd fled , taken violet with them .
i grabbed them all , and disowning the pain , started for the front door , for violet .
still fettered with duct tape , violet lay unconscious on the rusty truckbed in a smattering of damp pineneedles and splinters of bark - remnants from a load of firewood .
while the kites fed the seagulls - three breadbearing hands thrust into the sky - i climbed into the truckbed , took violet by the ankles , and pulled her onto the tailgate .
i closed the tailgate and proceeded to drag violet by the shoulders toward the end of the line .
i ached to drive off this ferry with violet , get her safe , get myself something for this terrible f**king pain .
` ` violet , '' i whispered .
` ` violet , do you hear me ? ''
` ` i just want to take violet . ''
` ` stay here , '' i told violet .
let them have violet ?
luther and i dove out of the way as the chevy blazer clipped rufus and maxine and slammed them into the railing , violet gunning the engine , the tires pressing the crushing weight of the blazer directly into sweet - sweet and beautiful .
69 i hurt everywhere as i followed violet to the bow , the kinnakeet foundering seventy - five yards off the soundside shore of hatteras , bottomed out on a sandbar .
violet had reached the shore where she stood crying in the beach grass .
-anne sexton , ` ` locked doors '' n i n e m o n t h s l a t e r violet awoke .
now he stared at the bundled and sleeping infant while violet stripped .
` ` we should be drinking whiskey , '' violet said .
i sipped my wine , glanced at the fireshadows flickering in the rafters over the loft - what had once been my office now converted into violet 's bedroom and her four - month - old max 's nursery .
i studied the firelight flush across violet 's face .
i laughed , my eyes closing only for a second , and when they opened again , violet had leaned in so close i could smell the wine on her breath .
i could hear violet moving around directly above me in the loft , the boards creaking , thinking how many nights had i lain here in the dark listening to her movements , hoping she felt what i did , that she might decide to creep down the ladder in the middle of the night and join me in bed .
it was cold under the blankets , and i was drawing them up to my chin to keep in the heat when violet shrieked .
through her tears , violet said , ` ` i ' ve been getting more and more lightheaded .
i could hear violet sobbing in the cabin .
i started back toward violet , but after four steps , my face hit the frigid mud , and i stared sideways at the open door of the cabin , the interior walls awash in firelight .
in my waking moments , i obsessed over violet and max until the thought of whatever had become of them reduced me to sobs .
violet ` ` hello , violet . ''
violet ` ` hello , violet . ''
` ` he 's being fully cared for , violet . ''
the woman climbed onto the catwalk and stood facing violet .
babies suddenly cried through the tiny speaker into violet 's ear .
jennifer swung the bowie at violet , who leapt back .
andy on the screen , i watched violet slowly working her way down the water tower 's ladder .
seen violet throw the woman over the railing .
` ` whatever you want with violet , use me , '' i said .
` ` i 'll go along with anything you want , but please , let violet and her son go .
think , violet .
violet spun around and the first thing she noticed was the smell - rancid body odor laced with booze .
luther spoke into violet 's ear , ` ` tell him you want to stay the night .
` ` i ' m in a bad spot , '' violet said , her voice just a few notches north of a whisper , wondering if luther could hear her now .
a shard of ice trailed down the length of violet 's spine .
his voice came through the earpiece : ` ` violet ?
` ` i ' m talking about the knife , violet .
` ` i just thought you might advise violet .
the wail of a baby filled violet 's earpiece .
` ` violet , '' luther said as she wept softly into the sleeve of her tracksuit .
violet walked over to the scrap wood heap , grabbed several pieces of crown molding flaking off dark paint , and tossed them into the oil drum .
i can tell you think you love violet , but have you ever wondered how much ?
` ` if i agree to help , will you let violet go ? ''
` ` we should give violet a little help in finding us .
it felt like something physically held her back from proceeding , but violet broke through and pushed on , tightening her grip on the knife .
he turned away from her and reached toward something beside the door , violet squinting to see what he was doing .
go , violet .
after several seconds , luther emerged into my field of vision , carrying violet in his arms across the concrete floor of the warehouse .
he looked over at violet 's gurney and cracked the faintest smile .
can you not imagine that in the same way nature and love speaks to the hearts of most people , that this- '' he swept his arm , gesturing to the warehouse , the control panel , violet , the three canyons of scourged flesh down my right leg- '' speaks to me ? ''
` ` i ' m right here , violet . ''
` ` i killed this homeless man , '' violet said , and i could hear the tears in her voice .
` ` no matter what happens , '' i said , ` ` when he comes back , just hold onto this - i love you , violet . ''
i sold him , violet .
luther turned and glared over at andy , then reached under violet 's armrest and disengaged something .
he stared down at the control panel for a moment before turning his attention to violet .
luther turned something on the control panel , and violet felt the nylon restraints begin to tighten .
but you must know that when your machine stops , violet 's starts .
` ` please- '' ` ` do n't you dare beg this piece of shit , '' violet said .
saw violet 's face in the mirror , watching mine .
i was gasping for breath , and i looked at violet in the mirror , saw her watching me , tears running down her face as the cables began to stretch her feet .
i screamed , and then , ` ` violet , push the button ! ''
` ` i wo n't kill violet , '' i said .
we stopped at the side of violet 's gurney , and i stared down at her .
` ` what are you most afraid of , violet ? ''
` ` do you want to live , violet ? ''
` ` andy , please , '' violet wept .
i carried her across the warehouse and through the open door , slow - going and still fighting intense pain despite my having shot both violet and myself up with a couple doses of oxycodone i 'd found in a drawer under luther 's control panel .
i loaded violet into luther 's windowless white van and closed the sliding door .
i glanced at violet in the rearview mirror , sprawled across the metal floor .
knelt down by violet who was lying on the floor and moaning in some half - conscious fever state .
` ` violet , do you understand me ? ''
` ` andy ... '' violet safe .
sweet violet .
as the windshield wipers whipped back and forth and the van sped through the puddled streets , i kept trying to imagine violet 's and max 's reunion .
and violet would burst into tears .
because those footsteps belong to violet .
` ` violet , who was one of those who came out of their houses that night .
as they bundled miss jenny past her and the carriage , miss jenny caught violet 's eye and told her something quickly , which violet has told me . ''
as they bundled miss jenny past her and the carriage , miss jenny caught violet 's eye and told her something quickly , which violet has told me . ''
` ` it was very quick , sir , and there was plenty of noise , and before she could say any more they bundled her into the carriage , but what violet thinks she heard was ' traitor . '
next day , a man paid violet a visit , a man with a west country accent , or so she said , who wanted to know what she 'd heard , but violet said she 'd heard nothing , even when the gentleman threatened her .
next day , a man paid violet a visit , a man with a west country accent , or so she said , who wanted to know what she 'd heard , but violet said she 'd heard nothing , even when the gentleman threatened her .
` ` violet 's my sister , sir .
violet from next door heard her , but the following day a man with a west country accent came to speak to her - to warn her not to tell anyone what she 'd heard . ''
` ` it 's violet , sir , '' she gasped .
the man who had threatened violet and shown her an evil - looking knife .
` ` indeed - quite beautiful , '' agreed his partner , in whose deep violet eyes ezio would quite happily have died .
over his head he wore a hood not unlike ezio 's , which partly obscured his face , but under it ezio could make out two piercing violet eyes which shone with a strange power , boring into him .
teddy was there with frankie gordon , another sergeant from intel , and a few other guys , all of them shipping out in a week , but he dumped frankie the moment he saw her , left him in midsentence and walked down to the dance floor , lost her for a minute in the throng between them , everyone pushing to the sides to make space for a sailor and a blonde in a white dress as the sailor spun her across his back and then shot her above his head in a twirl and caught her coming back down , dipped her toward the floor as the throng broke out in applause and then teddy caught the flash of her violet dress again .
he saw his wife in her violet dress the night he 'd met her and saw the look in her face that first moment of seeing her , that look he 'd fallen in love with .
then , some violet champagne and an hour or two to dress for the opera .
he took a long sip of the now warm violet champagne and swished it round his mouth .
and at first it seemed that the lemon - yellow coat and breeches with the purple waistcoat fit the bill precisely , but these were discarded for the lime - green waistcoat , and then the violet breeches .
in the light of the singlecandle by the incense burner , sylvia 's eyes werenot violet but a more reddish color , like amethyst .
maggie could see her face , the creamy skin delicately flushed , and her eyes , the color of r - drenched violets .
maggie saw her eyes , the color of violets .
her eyes , the color of tear - drenched violets , were open , staringup at the sky , but they seemed oddly flat .
crumbled violet petals spoke for the earth , and a wreath of incense smoke summoned the air .
` ` this is my sister violet . ''
her big violet eyes were wide .
about a dozen or so girls and their mothers were picking through the rows of dresses -- pink , purple , violet , gray , red , green , lavender , black , some with rhinestones or lace , plunging necklines or conservative ones , sleeveless or strapless , floor - length or knee - length hems .
underneath , gillian knew somehow , the eyes were deep violet .
eyes that were n't blue , but violet .
his eyes were the deepest violet imaginable .
she saw herself , pale , delicate boned , with eyes like wood violets - peering out from a curtain of hair .
his eyes were a violet so glorious it actually hurt to look at it .
she 'd darkened her lashes just enough to make the violet of her eyes a startling contrast .
she looked directly into eyes that were as violet and darkly luminous as the sky .
her eyes widened , went dark violet , then sweetly slumberous , as if he drugged her with his kisses .
raven 's blue - violet eyes were all over the place , seeing nothing , taking in nothing .
her eyes were larger than ever , two shimmering violet jewels , wide and frightened .
i ' m not a shrinking violet .
her smile was slow and beautiful , lighting her eyes to a deep violet .
she looked what she was , young , wild , beautiful , her eyes deep violet with fiery stars , enormous with fear .
her eyes flashed , sparkling stars in the midst of violet .
her violet gaze was held captive by his pale one .
i do n't want to be some shrinking violet protected from the real world and used as a brood mare to advance the carpathian race .
the silver stars in the centers of her eyes deepened the blue to a vivid violet .
she swung around , her blue eyes darkening to deep violet .
her blue eyes had gone vivid violet , those mysterious silver stars shining in their centers .
color burst behind dominic 's eyes , blinded him , even within the body of the eagle , so that for a moment all he could see was vivid , acute colors , every shade of green , dazzling reds and violets , the flowers on the trees drenched in water and bright beyond all imagination .
now she could feel it as clearly as she could see the fading violet light or smell the honeysuckle outside vickie 's window .
light burst from the two discs and lit up the walls of the throat , bathing them in a violet wash . sound came next , high - pitched , the notes threatening to shred all reason , so that razvan hastily muted the sound .
his silver gaze met savannah 's violet one .
she tugged up her sleeve to stare at the scars that were n't scars , their colors still livid and churning , changing from the inky shades of violet and burgundy to a deep russet bronze before her eyes .
he 'd been expecting to see the opaque violet of her custom - made contact lenses .
now blue , now gold , now violet .
itseemed almost like a miniature sun , flashing with blue and gold and violet rays .
for a moment , in the deep violet twilight , he didlook to mary - lynnette like a knight walking off ona quest .
carrow swallowed to see his neighboring inmate - a fury , with uncanny violet eyes and bared fangs .
my skin is pallid , my lips a dark blue , almost black , and my pupils are so immense only a ring of violet remains in my eyes .
running my finger along the violet stone pendant in the center , i remember when alex gave it to me and how he kissed me right afterwards .
then suddenly , gemma is crawling towards me with tears pouring from her beautiful violet eyes .
they glow in different colors ; blue , purple , violet , green , even black .
it was perfect , for a dress anyway ; violet , like my eyes , with thin straps and fabric as soft as velvet .
a violet ram 's fleece rug .
alexia caught the young scamp 's violet eye under his floppy thatch of yellow hair .
quesnel looked up at his mother , his big violet eyes pleading .
they were all taller than average and very dignified looking , and every one of them had straight shiny hair , in all sorts of different colors , from pale gold to bright violet .
the chandeliers were n't lit , but their crystals had been turned violet for the occasion , and the fairy lights made them sparkle like amethyst .
i looked at the droopy violet and snorted .
prima violet was famous for them , pushing everyone the extra step to make them better .
prima violet pointed to the amulet above the door .
you can call me violet . ''
but if he did n't go to the full moon , he knew violet would just drag him someplace else .
mondrian was fast as he charged her , but violet 's reactions were faster .
something like pride swelled within valiance as he watched violet throw mondrian across the parking lot .
there was a shimmer in the air , and violet 's panther made a black streak across the parking lot after finnegan .
even violet had taken up swordplay and had the speed to be a challenge for valiance .
` ` crap , '' violet said as she dropped the sword and went to help valiance up .
` ` i did n't mean to ... '' violet said as she stood over the headless vampire .
` ` well ... '' violet turned to him .
the thought of her relaxed him for a moment , and violet hit him like linebacker in the shoulder .
a pop echoed through the parking lot , and valiance grabbed his shoulder as he jerked away from violet .
violet started toward the back of the coffee shop .
valiance 's feet stopped as violet leaned against the counter casually , like a waiting customer .
bastian slid a hot cup of coffee across the pickup area , and violet sipped it .
` ` i smell pity , '' violet said .
valiance knew you did n't say ` ` no '' to violet , and even if you did , it did n't stay a ` ` no . ''
instead , violet only said .
` ` violet 's not just a coffee - shop owner .
a kind of dark valiance had n't seen since , well , since the demon he and violet had taken out six months ago .
until violet , he had never known true darkness .
those pale violet eyes holding his surprised gaze were clear and keen .
i watched the flames , momentarily entranced by the violets , blacks , blues , and even greens within .
i turned to the violet outdoors .
in this picture , however , queen elena was resplendent in pale violet silk , surrounded by her court : bonnie fluffy and adorable in shiny blue taffeta ; meredith sophisticated in black ; auburn - haired caroline looking aggrieved in a tight silver dress that left very little to the imagination ; and sue carson , pretty in pale pink , smiling straight into the camera , very much alive .
but that 's exactly where i find myself , following mary past her sleepy doorman ( who does n't raise so much as an eyebrow at her crossbow ) , and then up the elevator to her place , which is decorated in mid - nineteenth - century victorian chic - at least as near as i can judge , considering all the furniture looks like it came out of one of those boring miniseries my mom likes to watch on pbs , featuring girls named violet or hortense or whatever .
they were the most amazing shade of violet i 'd ever seen .
her perfectly straight jet black hair , streaked with a vivid violet , cascaded over her bony and beautiful shoulders .
her violet eyelashes sparkled .
whenever i look at my reflection , i can spot something hidden in my eyes ; like a secret , but it could just be the alarming shade of violet just throwing me off .
` ` they 're just distracting because they 're ... '' ` ` violet , '' i finish with my eyes fastened on him .
` ` but , violet works .
i glance into the mirror hanging above the sink and sigh at the sight of my freakish violet eyes that collide against the glass ; like my hair does with my pasty complexion .
i come across a small glass ball filled with violet ribbons positioned in a stand .
the color ... violet .
her violet eyes blend with the flowers in the field and there 's freedom in the way she runs , like she has no burdens bearing down on her shoulders ; no fallen star , claiming hold of her heart .
they 're so intoxicating ... violet is such a unique color .
our legs are crisscrossed as we face each other with an ordinary violet ribbon crystal ball between us .
on the other side of her is a brown haired , violet eyed me .
the one on the left was a standard heat map , the most reliable ` ` vampire scan '' technology could make , tinged in chilly blues and violets .
no sane person would ever describe miss tarabotti as a shrinking violet .
and now you 're seeing yourself enveloped by a beautiful violet light .
maya was watching him , fascinated , her eyes the violet of deep twilight , her lips parted .
vivienne was wearing a black dress that made her hair look like flame , and selene was in deep violet that showed off her blondness .
above the ordinary fire different flames seemed to burn ; cold , ghostly flames that were pale blue and violet and rose to lick at her knuckles .
she asked , pinning jenna with her uncanny violet eyes .
and the dress was all right ; the iced - violet color brought out the violet in her eyes .
and the dress was all right ; the iced - violet color brought out the violet in her eyes .
twilight ... the violet deep darkness of twilight ...
i twirled like a model in front of her , wearing a black minidress with a violet and black stretch bodice and jagged skirt , midnight - colored fishnets , and demonia black leather buckled- up monster boots .
her tail shone like spun glass , an irradiance of violets , yellows , greens and pinks , each scale a kaleidoscope of colors .
from cerulean to azure to the palest violet .
while the vanity was made of ivory , the chair in front of it was composed of diamonds , the cushion layered with vivid violet silks from the palest lilac to the darkest amethyst .
they were draped in atlantean robes , violet and yellow and rose - colored scarves woven with silver thread .
her breasts , covered by the violet sheet , were outlined , her nipples pearled .
he could see the dragon army at last , hundreds of them , cresting the violet horizon .
the sky was an uneasy color , more metallic violet or grayed lavender than real gray , kaitlyn thought .
akasha 's fingers tightened on mine.- the red - haired woman was staring at me now with her bloodshot violet eyes .
she had wanted some color in it - just a splash of violet here , a little mauve there - natural y , she realized , a vampire princess 's bedchamber had to be mostly black .
bonnie was wearing something shorter and lighter : pale violet , shot with threads of silver in no particular pattern .
wings of remembrance , soft violet and midnight blue .
bonnie of the translucent skin , with the delicate violet fjords and estuaries of veins all over her throat and inner arms .
a person could lose themselves in eyes like that , could fall forever into their starry violet depths .
he saw the violet eyes go misty , half closing .
she made quite a picture , meredith said , with the violet sari top and jeans .
meredith was a deep and profound violet .
the fire burned violet and green as shinichi poked it .
elena was drinking hers , her blue eyes wide above the deep violet of the wine as he told her some of its story .
and a pair of translucent butterfly wings , violet , cerulean , and midnight blue in color , sprouted from her backbone , just above her hips .
someone who brought a sense of safety in warm earthen hues , in soft rose colors and deep , blue violets that enfolded her even before the person arrived .
meredith was shaking out a dramatic deep violet silk into a mysterious dark blue dotted with a myriad of stars .
they were still psychically entangled , and she was glad to see that through damon 's eyes she was like a vengeful aphrodite : her golden hair lifting and whipping behind her like a thunderstorm , her eyes shining violet in her elemental fury .
worse , she was wearing her morning attire - a long silky gown and a peignoir of the same material , both in the palest of pearly blues , which turned violet in the rays of the ever - setting sun .
meredith 's gown was deep metallic blue , violet in the sunlight , and it showed an entirely different side of the girl from the siren in the skin - tight mermaid dress who had attended fazina 's gala .
they made it up one steep set of white ( pink ) marble stairs , which sported on either side banks of glorious blue ( violet ) delphiniums and pink ( scarlet ) wild roses .
saber was sitting up proudly in front of a bed of tall , clustering pale lavender ( deep violet ) hydrangeas .
before i could react , he 'd grabbed violet 's long hair and yanked it , causing her to yelp .
i 'd only meant for the gesture to stop him from grabbing violet again , but in the moment , i 'd forgotten my strength .
his arm flew back , propel ing him away from violet .
he turned toward violet .
` ` yes , '' violet said in a smal voice .
` ` now i do n't know what you were trying to do , but violet is not on offer , '' alfred said stiffly , stil rubbing his arm .
now you , '' he said , turning to violet .
i could hear laughter emanating from the tavern , but no matter how hard i tried , i could n't hear the ba - da - bump , ba - da - bump gal op of violet 's heartbeat .
i wanted to find violet .
i pelted through the trees as if my feet were running on air , not gravel , expecting to see damon feasting on violet 's neck .
` ` violet , listen to me , '' i said , summoning my power .
` ` violet , trust me .
i'l carry you , '' i explained as i picked violet up and draped her over my shoulders .
immediately , violet began to panic again , and i could tel she wanted to scream , with only my compulsion holding her back .
can you do that , violet ?
i handed it to her and violet whimpered noisily .
` ` i ca n't go back to the tavern , '' violet said in a smal voice .
` ` let 's go there , '' i suggested as i led violet across the street .
the man behind the desk glanced suspiciously at violet and me .
` ` yes , you may help me , '' i said , confidently stepping up to the marble - topped counter while a terrified violet trailed behind me .
what was i going to do with violet ?
` ` violet , '' i said , rising unsteadily to my feet .
` ` i did , too , '' violet confessed , sighing sadly as she cradled her head in her hands .
then the murder happened ... and everyone said ... '' violet 's lips twisted into a grimace , but she forged ahead .
that she went home with a man , like some of the girls at the tavern do , '' violet said , a crimson flush crossing her face .
i felt angry that no one was taking violet 's concerns seriously .
` ` people change , '' i said helplessly , unsure what i could say to try to comfort violet .
` ` but cora is my sister , '' violet insisted .
` ` ireland , '' violet said with a faraway gaze in her eyes .
thought we 'd marry , start families , never have to worry about going hungry ... '' violet laughed a short , harsh bark that was so at odds with her sweet and innocent personality that i flinched .
i must have grimaced , because a shadow of a smile crossed violet 's face .
it 's the only thing i can think of , '' violet said , stil hiding her face with her hands .
of course i did n't know that at al , but as soon as i said it , i saw violet 's shoulders relax .
` ` thank you , '' violet said .
` ` i should come , '' violet said definitively , rising to her feet .
` ` it 's funny , but i believe everything you say , '' violet said dreamily .
` ` wel , then i suppose we 're kindred spirits , '' violet said .
and i only hoped that violet would n't have to , either .
` ` i need luck , '' violet said , clasping the pendant around her neck .
i wished i could just take violet and leave this city .
al i could think of was the look of terror on violet 's face , her smal voice , the strength she had to leave her family in ireland to fol ow her dream .
and now that i was prepared , i headed to the ten bel s tavern , ready to compel alfred into giving violet her job back .
` ` take violet back , '' i said level y .
mary ann , now she was in the wrong place at the wrong time , but violet ... '' ` ` wil you do that ? ''
just bring violet back . ''
` ` bring violet back , '' he said slowly , as if in a trance .
` ` you'l see violet tomorrow night , '' i said to alfred 's retreating back , as though we were just having a chat .
` ` violet is just a friend , '' i said coldly .
for violet 's sake , i only hoped that cora was alive .
the last thing i wanted to do was give violet false hope .
but in violet 's mind , cora was as good as found .
we had a few hours before the show , and violet was stil clad in her stained pinafore from last night .
after al , i could play violet 's what if game , too .
i had no idea what violet was saying , but al i cared about was that she seemed happy .
he drove away , and violet and i stepped through the doorway into a vaulted hal way fil ed with the competing scents of perfume and foods .
but violet seemed sad .
` ` we need a gown , '' i said , nodding toward violet .
she gave violet a glance from head to toe , but refrained from saying anything about her shabby clothes .
come with me , '' she said , motioning for violet to join her .
i did n't want to let violet out of my sight .
the expression in violet 's eyes was worth it .
` ` i fear i wo n't be able to repay you , '' violet said at one point .
my heart went out to violet and her missing sister .
` ` yes , '' violet agreed .
` ` i feel like this is a dream and i do n't want to wake up , '' violet said , her eyes shining as an usher led us to our seats .
being with violet felt natural , and our easy banter reminded me of the way that damon , i , and the rest of the boys would tease the mystic fal s girls at barbecues and social functions during the year .
` ` i did n't see cora , '' violet said in disappointment .
the first act is over , '' violet said .
i was about to tel violet our plan when i noticed tears leaking from the corner of her eyes .
so i watched violet instead .
` ` just once , i 'd like to stand out , '' violet continued , oblivious to my distraction .
` ` why , thank you , '' violet said coquettishly .
and my wife , lady violet , '' i added as violet giggled delightedly beside me .
and my wife , lady violet , '' i added as violet giggled delightedly beside me .
i shifted uneasily , appraising my brother , al too aware of violet standing next to me .
damon asked , extending his hand to violet .
` ` stefan pine , and this is my friend , violet , '' i explained , taking charlotte 's delicate hand and bringing it to my lips for a kiss .
from america , '' violet said , trying hard to put on an american accent as she sank into a deep curtsy .
charlotte asked pointedly , a sharp edge to her tone as she tried to determine whether or not violet was competition .
` ` wel , i 'd like to be , '' violet demurred , clearly realizing that her statement was not the best way to get in charlotte 's good graces .
` ` wel , if you meet her , please tel her that her sister is looking for her , '' violet said tentatively .
` ` it 's okay , '' violet said sadly .
he sighed , glancing over to the bar , where violet and charlotte were tipping back their glasses of champagne and giggling .
but before he could say anything else , charlotte and violet walked toward us , violet clearly tipsy .
but before he could say anything else , charlotte and violet walked toward us , violet clearly tipsy .
i needed to get violet back to the hotel .
` ` violet , would you like to come ? ''
` ` we should probably be going , '' i said gently , taking violet 's arm and escorting her through the throngs of people and out the door .
once we got back to the room , i placed violet on the bed , gently tucking the coverlet around her body .
i woke to violet prancing into the room , wearing a light blue dress with a crinoline underneath that rustled with every step .
i hoped that damon 's mention of the afternoon party had been washed from violet 's memory by the rivers of champagne she 'd consumed last night .
and even though violet 's preening should have been exasperating , she was so wide - eyed and enthusiastic , like a child playing dress - up , that it was nothing more than adorable .
the longer violet and i spent together , the more we seemed to adopt each other 's accents .
` ` i just thought it would be fun , '' violet said , turning toward me and biting her lip .
an hour later , violet and i were traipsing through the manicured lawns of regent 's park .
by the time i walked over , violet was already sipping a glass of champagne as she gestured animatedly to damon .
` ` violet 's taken by the stage , '' i explained .
i glanced over at violet .
i shot a look at violet , who 'd sidled up to charlotte .
stil , lord ainsley 's casual flippancy about the lower class - violet 's class - made my stomach turn .
i held on to the edge of the table for support , and i could sense violet turn to stare at me .
` ` but not on your girl , '' he remarked , squinting at violet .
i could n't leave london until i felt violet was safe .
and violet would n't be safe until jack the ripper was found .
` ` violet has to work at the tavern tonight .
they thought her accent was bewitching , and charlotte and her actress friends enjoyed the hero worship that violet bestowed upon them .
i 'd escorted violet to her shift , not wanting her to venture across london in the dark on her own .
something about the language soothed me , and i hoped it would soothe violet .
` ` al that glitters is not gold , '' violet said , testing out the phrase .
about an hour ago , when violet was busy serving a large group of men playing poker , i 'd stolen outside to hunt .
i caught a glimpse of violet , fil ing brandy glasses as quickly as she could behind the bar .
` ` okay , '' violet said , eyes wide , without any idea of what she was agreeing to .
as damon stood up to leave the tavern , violet sidled up to us .
` ` we'l be there , '' violet said firmly .
` ` let 's go , violet , '' i said .
and i did n't want violet to be where the kil er could be .
i asked violet as i approached , offering her my arm .
i just hoped that the unfolding scenes for violet and i would be pleasant and not macabre .
violet and i stood outside the bolted metal door and , with a sly glance back at me , violet brazenly raised her hand as if to knock .
violet and i stood outside the bolted metal door and , with a sly glance back at me , violet brazenly raised her hand as if to knock .
i suppose i should have simply felt happy he did n't apply that derision to violet , but stil , the snub irritated me .
i 'd been wrong in worrying about violet 's dress being inappropriate .
` ` this is stefan , '' violet explained .
i have so much to tel you ... '' violet spontaneously threw her arms around cora 's neck .
she was glancing over violet 's shoulder , clearly looking for someone .
and while she seemed happy to see violet , she was n't overjoyed and did n't seem to ful y recognize that she 'd been lost .
and i knew i liked something about you , '' damon said , draping his arm around violet 's shoulder .
but his warm and almost na ? ve expression was nothing like samuel 's - and immediately i noticed him casting his gaze on violet .
in the shadowy darkness , there was no way henry could tel violet was a waitress .
just like george had told me , maybe violet truly could transcend her class and find happiness .
i looked at henry and violet again .
at least violet was preoccupied and with someone safe , which gave me the chance i needed to search the party for the mysterious vampire who 'd eluded me last night .
i realized i had n't seen violet while i was running around .
` ` i mean , i ' m looking for violet . ''
ihad to get violet out of there , before the kiler came back to finish her off with his customary mutilation .
this would always keep happening , and more victims like violet would perish .
i glanced back down at violet 's limp body and forced myself to stop thinking those thoughts .
instead , i thought of violet 's short life .
i leaned down and grazed my lips against violet 's cheek .
i 'd seen death countless times at this point , and i knew that violet had been dead .
i wanted more than anything to be strong for violet , but i was stil in shock .
` ` you'l be okay , violet .
and then he pul ed me to him for a dance , and ... that 's al i can remember , '' violet said , wringing her hands together and gazing imploringly at me .
a scene flitted into my mind : violet , so excited to have damon pay attention to her .
and then damon licking his lips , lunging , and drinking , leaving violet behind for me to find .
` ` i ' m so thirsty , '' violet said , leaning over the edge of the dock and cupping her hands to capture some of the dirty water flowing in the thames .
` ` come with me , '' i said , pul ing violet into a hug .
how dare he laugh and joke only minutes after he 'd attacked violet and set her on the path we 'd both regretted taking .
my mind lingered on damon 's glee that violet was dead .
but now violet was transitioning and the only thing i could do to make up for my mistakes was to try to help her through it .
i could n't give violet much , but i could at least give her a choice - and let her know exactly what would happen with either path she chose .
i looked down at violet , who was stil disoriented and growing weak .
my heart twisted at the innocent disappointment in violet 's voice .
i motioned for violet to sit next to me on one of the crushed red velvet chairs facing the stage .
` ` damon ... '' violet said , then shuddered .
i laced violet 's ice - cold fingers through mine .
i did n't tel you because i did n't want to scare you , but ... '' violet clawed at the hol ow of her neck .
that 's love , '' i said , smiling at violet .
` ` wel , i hope she thinks of me every time she wears it , '' violet said .
because she needs someone to look out for her , '' violet said , piecing each sentence together slowly .
i let it fal , watching it splash on violet 's hair , wishing there was something i could do .
al i 'd wanted this evening was for violet to be safe .
but stil , i had to support violet against my side , and even a casual observer could see she was close to death .
because i had no idea when violet was going to die .
instead of looking like she was at death 's door , violet had a flush in her cheeks and her eyes were bright .
even a touch of country air was doing wonders for violet .
` ` i feel better , '' violet whispered hopeful y , obviously thinking the same thing that i had .
no matter how she felt or how she looked , violet 's fate was sealed .
` ` except if i drink human blood , '' violet corrected .
` ` i know , '' violet said quietly before staring far off into the distance .
` ` there 's so much i have n't seen and have n't done , '' violet said sadly .
we locked eyes , and for one wild moment i thought he 'd come to see violet , an eager beau 's overtures gone too far .
and henry was n't eagerly looking for violet .
i had to protect violet .
i could n't let henry grab violet and force her to feed .
and violet would be worse than dead .
i thought of violet , about to be next .
and would we be able to hide from them for long enough , at least to al ow violet to die in peace ?
the train whistle blew , and violet stirred in my lap .
` ` we 're being fol owed , '' i said tersely , glancing past violet toward my reflection in the window .
` ` it 's nice , '' violet said , a smal smile creeping onto her pale lips .
i knew that most likely luke or oliver would be nearby , and i did n't want them to see violet .
in the mirror , i saw violet eyeing me inquisitively .
` ` i ' m so thirsty , '' violet whimpered .
his eyes widened at the site of her , reminding me of the way violet captivated the crowds at the theater .
` ` she 's my cousin , '' i lied as violet sank to her knees and held out her hand .
oliver asked , not taking his eyes off violet .
why do n't you run up and let mrs . duckworth know that violet and i are here ?
i had n't wanted the abbotts to meet violet .
already , violet 's skin had taken on a ghastly pal or , a clear indication that death was working its way through her body .
` ` no , that 's okay , '' violet said .
he added , his gaze flicking curiously toward violet .
` ` i invited my cousin , violet , to explore our town .
` ` i heard so much about this place and i felt i had to come , '' violet said , playing her part like the actress she was .
` ` cousin violet , '' george murmured .
with your relations , the - ` ` ` ` burnses , '' violet said quickly .
` ` no , he was lovely , '' violet said final y , as if she 'd been coached .
` ` violet , darling , sit here , '' gertrude said , guiding violet to a seat next to her at the large cherrywood table .
` ` violet , darling , sit here , '' gertrude said , guiding violet to a seat next to her at the large cherrywood table .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' violet said distantly .
a trickle of blood oozed from the meat with each cut , and i saw violet lean forward , her blue eyes shining .
without waiting for the rest of the family to be served , or helping herself to the potatoes , beans , and rol s set in heaping bowls on the table , violet dug in .
luke , perhaps taking a cue from violet , was forgoing his knife in favor of stabbing his slice of meat with his fork .
` ` i do n't know what came over me , '' violet said , dabbing her mouth with her napkin .
i desperately wanted them to like her , and for violet to find the same type of peace on the farm that i 'd found .
but of course , violet felt confused and famished .
gertrude asked , obviously giving violet the benefit of the doubt .
` ` i ' m original y from ireland , '' violet said , her mouth ful of food .
` ` wel , in any case , it 's lovely to have you here , violet .
` ` you 're too kind , '' violet murmured , her eyes frantical y darting around the table , desperately looking for something to satiate her hunger .
just then , emma pul ed timidly on the sleeve of violet 's dress .
` ` why , hel o there , little dear , '' violet said gently .
` ` now , emma , can you properly introduce yourself to miss violet ? ''
i was stil wary of the way oliver had stared at violet .
was something apparent about violet to the children that was n't to their parents ?
without saying anything , emma clambered up on violet 's lap .
` ` i think you found a new friend , '' gertrude said , clearly charmed by emma 's worship of violet .
` ` i think i have , too , and i ' m most thankful for it , '' violet said , her eyes shining .
she 's in london , '' violet said , her eyes taking on a longing expression .
emma 's fondness had broken any ice , and now the abbotts were behaving as if violet was just one more slightly older member of their brood .
` ` wel , i thought i 'd be an actress , '' violet admitted .
wel , i can have the guest room prepared if ... '' violet sat up and took a few deep breaths .
i placed my own napkin next to my plate and stood up to help violet .
i held my hand out for violet and the two of us walked into the afternoon light .
it was just one of the mil ions of tiny losses that i endured , that violet would n't have to .
` ` i do n't know what came over me at dinner , '' violet confessed as i led her up the rock - strewn path through the glen .
a slow smile crossed violet 's face .
i wanted good memories of violet , wanted to remember the courageous resolve she 'd shown even in the face of her own death .
gratitude gleamed in violet 's eyes .
i knew if i spoke , my voice would crack , and i did n't want to cry in front of violet .
i hurried violet down the hil without a backward glance .
the beautiful morning had given way to an evening heavy with the promise of rain and in the semidarkness of my cabin , i was watching violet grow weaker and weaker .
here , it was just us and death , a powerful third party in my vigil over violet .
and while violet could n't hear them as profoundly as i did , i knew she could sense their presence as wel .
` ` stefan , it hurts , '' violet said , thrashing against the bed frame and throwing the bedclothes on the floor .
quickly , violet loosened the latch and fled into the night .
blood was running down violet 's face , and her teeth , stil normal , gleamed in the moonlight .
after al , if violet and i had never met , she might have been kicked out to the street .
` ` stefan , i ... '' violet said , breathing heavily with every word .
now , i knew that the best thing i could do was let violet know it was okay to go .
i ... '' violet said , her breath laboring with each word .
i tore my gaze away from violet and rushed up to the house , fearing the worst .
oliver had been taken for a reason , and i 'd left violet unattended and vulnerable .
samuel rose and stalked toward violet , who was stil crouched over oliver .
samuel stood above them , and for a second , i wondered if samuel would snap violet 's neck , too , simply to show his power .
instead , his hand rested gently on the top of violet 's head .
` ` get out , '' samuel barked to violet , who ran toward the door , leaving oliver 's lifeless body on the ground .
i did n't care about my own life , but i felt a tiny tug of loyalty toward violet , who was now off with samuel somewhere .
not until i could save violet from becoming a monster .
my eyes snapped open and i saw violet 's sister , cora , her red hair flaming around her face and dark circles under her eyes .
when i was desperate to get violet out of damon 's clutches , i had abandoned cora .
` ` violet ... '' i began .
` ` when we were children , violet used to have to fal asleep with a candle burning al night .
as a vampire , the dark was soon to become violet 's biggest comfort .
i kept praying violet would be al right , but ... could she be al right ? ''
i have to find violet , '' cora said , her face pale and drawn .
did violet real y go with him wil ingly , or had she simply been bewildered after her transformation ?
her eyes , looking violet in the firelight just now but normally a blue as dark as lapis lazuli , were neither timid nor childlike as katherine 's had been .
they were on the threshold before she saw the little slip of violet paper stuck into the side pocket of her purse .
the very sight of the violet paper made her taste tin at the back of her mouth .
on the office bulletin board was tacked a piece of violet paper .
something violet fluttered to the ground as elena picked the jacket up .
her eyes were so bright a violet they sparkled like freshly polished amethysts .
the force of that violet gaze jolted him .
all that violet ... a man could get lost .
why did her eyes have to glow so vibrant a violet ?
yet vulnerability darkened her violet irises to a deep purple - black .
those violet irises framed in black climbed the length of his body , practically stripping him bare .
her violet gaze lifted , piercing him .
the supple violet fabric flowed to the floor .
he glanced into the wide violet pools of mira 's altered eyes and saw ... nothing .
twilight filled the space above , violet - colored , like the flowers of the meadow , and she stood over me .
she was looking at galen with huge violet eyes .
she found herself looking into huge violet baby eyes .
she was still crying , and her eyes were the color of violet crystal .
diana 's eyes were like faraway violet storm clouds .
her hair seemed to shine , silvery and pale , and her eyes were deep , deep violet in her small face .
the tears had magically disappeared , leaving her eyes like violets freshly washed in rain .
i passed slowly , unnoticed , through the sidewalk spectators - just a flashy young man in violet sunglasses and a worn leather coat with unruly long blond hair , secretly carrying a deadly ax with him .
he stood there as if catching his breath , his back to the dark - paneled wood , and then he looked up , his large blue - violet eyes flashing over the surrounding faces like lights .
her skin took on a violet cast visible even in the shadows , and her eyes were wide and bright .
waning sunlight filtered through the treetops , a haze of pink , violet and gold that worshipped her pale skin .
his eyes , usually a collage of glittering colors as the souls he ( once ) possessed peered through them , were now the startling shade of a violet .
dark hair fell over his eyes - eyes of startling violet .
since she 'd known him , she 'd seen him with eyes of gold , green , brown , blue and black , but the violet had not appeared until their time in the cave .
his eyes glowed a brilliant amber - brown now , tiny flecks of violet and green swirling in the background .
his eyes darkened , then lit back up , going from violet to black , black to violet , as he looked through her .
his eyes darkened , then lit back up , going from violet to black , black to violet , as he looked through her .
and his eyes , which had once been black and had recently converted to violet , were now a golden brown .
such a glittering violet .
` ` no longer the shrinking violet , i see .
not blue , but violet .
natassa was in a trance now , her deep violet eyes focused inward .
and the particles themselves blazed in multiple colors of oranges and blues and violets .
a beautiful violet unlike anything i had ever seen .
i noticed that at various times when i had previously seen him , his eyes appeared bright blue , or violet , or even bright green .
he extends his hand out toward me , his violet eyes more dark lavender .
the girl with the violet eyes - the star . ''
the sunlight is trickling through the trees , the air is cool , and in the middle of it all is a sad looking violet eyed girl , sitting on a bench , looking lost , out of it , almost like a zombie .
energy torrents through me , violet , passionate , untamed .
i lift my gaze to my father , leaning over me , his violet eyes conveying worry , his long silver robe trailing behind him in the sand .
he reaches into the pocket of his robe and retrieves a glistening silver ring embellished with violet gems that outline a massive lavender stone .
eva was spending the night with violet fox , her best friend , so the mansion was dark and quiet when i went inside .
he had a thick head of hair that was a glossy blue - black , while his eyes were a light violet .
his violet gaze flicked around the restaurant , taking in the faded pig tracks on the floor and the well - worn booths , chairs , and tables .
the girl , violet , forced out a smile that wilted under my cold gray gaze .
the girl , violet , turned to look at me .
` ` what was that - ` ` that was all the violet got out before i darted around the counter and threw myself on top of her , forcing her to the floor .
chapter six the girl , violet .
finn 's laptop whirred softly as it sorted through billions of bytes of data , looking for info on one violet fox .
` ` i flagged violet fox 's credit card , which she just used to make a purchase at the campus bookstore . ''
we 'd arrived at the college just after five and had walked through the student center , looking for violet fox .
finn and i had n't found violet fox during our search of the student center .
so we 'd come to the one place violet fox had to show up sooner or later - the parking lot .
chapter eight even as i started running , i saw the shadowy figure creep closer to violet and take on the form of a short , stocky man .
the dwarf kicked her in the stomach , and the force lifted violet off the pavement and threw her ten feet .
the motion snapped violet out of her daze , and she moaned and looked at her attacker .
the dwarf was going to beat violet to death - after he raped her .
i walked over to violet .
sometime during my fight with the dwarf , violet fox had slid off the hood of the pickup .
but violet turned her head and stared at me .
finn brought the car over , and we stuffed violet fox into the backseat .
finn parked the car and helped me drag the still - unconscious violet fox out of the backseat , up three steps , and onto the porch that wrapped around the spacious home .
i let finn take violet 's weight so i could pull open the screen door that fronted a heavier wooden one .
finn cleared his throat , his way of telling me to get down to business and that he was tired of propping up violet fox .
` ` she got on the wrong end of a dwarf 's fist - twice , '' i said , shouldering part of violet 's weight again .
chapter nine jo - jo stepped aside so finn and i could drag the unconscious violet fox into the house .
finn and i hauled violet fox over to one of the swivel , cherry - red salon chairs .
then finn grabbed a bottle of nail glue off the counter , pulled violet 's broken glasses out of his jacket pocket , and used the bonding solution to put the two pieces back together .
i lifted violet 's purse from around her neck , perched on a stool a few feet away , and started going through it .
the swelling had already set in , and violet 's face had puffed up to twice its normal size .
jo - jo examined violet 's face another minute before she went to work .
her palm hovered just above violet 's skin .
i curled my fingers around violet 's purse , hoping the imitation leather would shield my hands enough to block the burning sensations in my palms .
right now , jo - jo was using her magic to force oxygen into violet 's body , making it circulate under the skin of her face , using the air molecules to heal what had been so viciously broken .
again and again , jo - jo moved her hand over violet 's face .
the swelling eased , and the nasty streaks of color faded from violet 's cheeks .
the dwarf got to her feet , wet a washcloth in the sink , and used it to wipe the blood off violet 's face .
jo - jo finished cleaning up violet and threw the bloody rag into the trash can .
finn slipped violet 's glued together glasses on her face .
jo - jo stared at violet , who was still unconscious in the chair .
since jo - jo was stronger than either finn or me , she picked up violet , carried the girl into the downstairs den , and arranged her on an overstuffed sofa .
i pulled off violet 's bloody jacket and shoes ; then jo - jo covered her with a soft , warm quilt .
appliances done in a variety of pastel shades ringed three walls , while the fourth opened up into the den where violet fox snoozed .
` ` because that 's where violet fox gets her paycheck from every two weeks . ''
my gray eyes flicked to violet fox , who continued to sleep on the sofa .
shadows turned violet 's eyes an even darker brown , and she twitched her nose , trying to see if it was still intact .
some of violet 's panic slackened , and she studied finn with a lot more interest .
after a moment , violet nodded , stepped forward , and put the knife back down on the table .
but i was patient enough to let violet fox get through with her psuedocobbler before i started asking her questions .
finn gave violet another encouraging smile .
hearing dawson 's name also made me recall where i 'd seen the symbol that had been tattooed on the bicep of violet fox 's attacker .
i did n't bother asking violet fox if they 'd gone to the police to complain about tobias dawson .
if i was going to help violet and her grandfather , warren t. fox .
if i had n't gotten curious and intervened tonight , violet would already be raped , dead , and cold in that parking lot .
it had been the moment i 'd become curious enough to track down violet fox and see what kind of trouble she was in , see why she wanted to speak to the tin man .
i did n't add the fact i wanted violet to stay right where she was so jo - jo and sophia deveraux could babysit her .
the dwarves would make sure violet did n't do anything stupid , like tell her grandfather about the attack and have him go tearing off after tobias dawson in a rage .
the two of us would drive violet back home , meet with warren t. fox , and see what we could do to get tobias dawson to back off .
jo - jo settled violet in one of her upstairs bedrooms , while finn sweet - talked sophia into going out into the rain and seeing what she could do about the blood violet had dripped all over the backseat of his precious aston martin .
jo - jo settled violet in one of her upstairs bedrooms , while finn sweet - talked sophia into going out into the rain and seeing what she could do about the blood violet had dripped all over the backseat of his precious aston martin .
once jo - jo finished with violet , the dwarf took me into the salon , where she gave me a plastic tub .
but i had other things to do today , other problems to take care of , namely finding out why tobias dawson wanted violet fox dead .
finn and i left sophia to clean up the remaining mess and headed over to jo - jo 's to pick up violet fox .
sophia must have lent violet some of her clothes , because the girl was dressed in a pair of black jeans and a matching t - shirt with an enormous set of red lips on it .
despite violet 's full figure , the clothes sagged off her frame .
sophia deveraux had quite a bit more muscle on her than violet did .
` ` say hello to warren for me , '' jo - jo told violet .
driving violet fox 's car to a safer location had been the last thing on my mind .
but i did n't tell violet fox how misplaced her trust in me was , how misguided , how laughable , even .
following violet fox 's directions , we left the suburbs behind and drove through the heart of northtown , where the rich , richer , and richest lived .
after about thirty minutes of driving , violet pointed out the windshield .
a smile brightened violet fox 's face and softened her eyes , chasing away some of the lingering shadows from last night .
` ` it 's been quiet since dawson started sending his men over to harass us , '' violet explained .
i led the way , with finn behind me and violet bringing up the rear .
i did n't need violet to tell me this was her grandfather , warren t. fox .
i opened my mouth to respond when finn and violet entered the store behind me .
` ` the battery died , '' violet said in a soft , desperate voice .
i supposed violet just wanted to spare her grandfather the ugly details about what had been done to her last night .
donovan caine slouched on the steps between us , while warren t. fox and violet rocked back and forth in two of the old - fashioned chairs .
` ` that 's why violet did n't come home last night .
` ` violet went to the restaurant looking for some guy who called himself the tin man .
then someone shot up the pork pit , but you backtracked the shooter and realized he was aiming at violet .
i had n't exactly told warren and violet what i used to do , but i was sure the old coot had guessed .
` ` you guys go to the college and see a dwarf attack violet .
` ` he wants the land the store sits on , '' violet explained in a quiet voice .
` ` whatever tobias dawson 's done in the past , he 's decided to play hardball now - starting with violet . ''
donovan noticed violet 's reaction , and a sad , sick look filled his eyes .
because he also knew how hard it could be to get justice for victims like violet .
warren noticed violet 's shiver as well .
you and fletcher lane might not have spoken in decades , but you still cared enough , thought enough , about him to tell violet that story .
that in a weird way , seeing violet and warren together was like looking at a sweeter , more innocent version of fletcher lane and myself .
to keep what was left of their innocence , especially violet .
the same rune the dwarf who 'd attacked violet had had tattooed on his bicep .
because warren 's shotgun and sheer stubbornness must have been part of the reason why the dwarf had decided to go after violet instead .
the dwarf leered at violet , staring at her boobs like he wanted to bury his head between them .
` ` by the way , miss violet , '' tobias drawled in his twangy voice .
he did n't glance at me or violet .
the bastard sent his brother to rape and murder violet last night .
` ` i ' ve been helping you for a while now , violet .
despite the fact jo - jo deveraux had healed her , violet had lost some of her innocence last night .
maybe i wanted to make sure violet did n't end up like me - hard , cold , distant from all but a very few .
behind violet , warren t. fox narrowed his dark eyes , crossed his arms over his thin chest , and cast a significant glance at the shotgun on top of the counter .
i glanced at violet , who was now handing finn a cold bottle of dr . enuf , and warren , who was still glowering at him .
i need to go do some recon work on tobias dawson , and i do n't want to leave violet and her grandfather alone in the store while i go do it .
` ` does violet still live at home with you ? ''
` ` anyway , i know i do n't deserve it , but i appreciate your help , especially for violet 's sake .
` ` you do n't have to pay for that , '' violet fox protested .
` ` i asked sophia to watch warren and violet while we check out dawson 's mine , '' i explained to the detective .
i remembered what violet fox had said about the coal in the underground mine running out and how it had been idle for some time now .
but i did n't have that kind of power , and it would n't help warren and violet in any way .
` ` they feel sort of like small earthquakes , '' violet added .
they were all that warren and violet had ever known .
make another play for violet in the meantime .
` ` and what about violet ? ''
staying with the graysons was probably the best place for violet until this thing was over .
while finn slid his laptop into its leather case , violet gave her grandfather a long , tight hug .
eva grayson had been thrilled her best friend wanted to crash at her place a few days , and violet had already packed a bag .
` ` you could come with me , '' violet told her grandfather .
` ` take violet straight to eva grayson 's house , '' i told finn .
he opened the passenger 's side door for violet , who gave him another shy smile , then slid inside .
finn and violet headed back toward ashland , and donovan and i did the same in his sedan .
and now , this mess with warren and violet ...
` ` you watch out for warren and violet .
` ` you mean the evening did n't end with you having a threesome with violet fox and eva grayson ? ''
i saw the desire in his violet gaze , but it was n't as lecherous or prurient as the other looks i 'd been getting tonight .
but really , i was remembering violet fox and the way trace dawson had bashed her face in .
the trickles of water became a rushing torrent that cascaded everywhere , and violet tremors shook the ground under my feet .
gray on violet .
i was upstairs in the foxes ' house , from the look of all the pictures of warren , violet , and the rest of their family on the walls .
sophia and finn were nowhere to be found , and violet was probably still at eva 's .
i was sitting on the front porch of country daze in some of violet fox 's borrowed clothes when he pulled up in his cadillac escalade .
which meant warren t. fox , his granddaughter , violet , and their store , land , and house were safe for now and the foreseeable future .
it was a monday night again and quiet except for my two customers - eva grayson and violet fox .
eva and violet had started coming into the pork pit at least once a week when they had an hour or two to kill between classes .
then she folowed violet .
dawson dying was the only way to save warren and violet . ''
chapter thirty - five i gave violet and eva their promised milkshakes , then kicked them out and closed down the restaurant for the night .
so did his eyes , which were a light violet .
grayson 's eyes brightened , as though someone had struck a match in his violet gaze .
his violet eyes cut to his sister eva , who was once again grooving with the rest of the folks on the dance floor .
like every man in attendance , owen grayson had dressed up for the evening in a tuxedo , but his choice of navy fabric made his eyes seem more blue than violet .
owen 's violet gaze stayed on me a moment longer before focusing on his cards again .
and mab is n't exactly a shrinking violet herself . ''
but the word made owen 's gaze simmer with violet fire .
curiosity simmered in his violet gaze along with something else - respect .
` ` if i 'd known you were going to make violet watch it every time you girls had a movie night , i would have bought you something else . ''
` ` it really is , '' violet echoed .
saving eva and violet from getting dead had been two of them .
i chatted with violet and eva a few minutes , asking them about their classes and finals , before owen finally cleared his throat .
no , he was n't , a fact that intrigued me more and more , as did the complete lack of judgment in his violet gaze .
his eyes burned with violet fire .
his eyes sparked with violet fire and mischief .
i hurried past the downstairs living room where eva and violet had been watching a movie last night .
to my surprise , violet fox poked her head out of the living room , clutching a tub of popcorn in her hands .
eva and violet followed me inside .
` ` you 're going after someone , '' violet said in a quiet tone .
` ` that 's right , violet .
eva had a decidedly dazed expression on her lovely face , but i knew violet would fill her in on what she needed to know .
i nodded at violet and walked past them , out of the office , and back down the long hallway .
owen wore a baby blue shirt that made his eyes seem more blue than violet in the gray dawn .
owen 's eyes widened at the sight of me , and his violet gaze took in my disheveled appearance , bloody clothes , and the two swords that i held out in front of me .
he had the same blue - black hair and pale skin that eva did , although his eyes were a light , piercing violet .
eva had n't been that surprised , especially since i 'd helped out violet fox , her best friend , several weeks ago .
as always , i looked deep into his violet gaze , losing myself in the pale , amethyst color , searching for a sign , a hint , a flash of feeling that would tell me that he 'd finally wised up and decided to end things with me .
the fake hooker had been me , of course , and i 'd used the necklace to sneak into one of mab 's parties so i could take out tobias dawson , the greedy mine owner who 'd been threatening violet fox and her grandfather .
eva plans to invite violet and warren fox over .
after seeing how i was doing , eva grayson had gone out to do some last - minute christmas shopping with her best friend , violet fox .
my eyes locked with owen 's , gray on violet , both gleaming with heat , passion , need , desire .
owen stopped in front of me , his violet gaze sweeping over my body , but when he realized that i was in more or less one piece , some of the tight concern in his face faded away .
all crowding into owen 's downstairs living room , along with eva and the two people that she 'd invited over for the holiday celebration - her best friend , violet fox , and her grandfather , warren t. fox .
my gaze lingered on his chiseled features - the scar that slashed across his chin , the crooked quirk of his nose , the intense violet of his eyes .
` ` owen- '' ` ` no , '' he said , staring at me with his violet eyes - eyes that were just as hard , cold , and determined as mine had been a moment ago .
` ` tell xavier and roslyn , and call violet and warren fox , just to be sure .
she was at home with her best friend , violet fox , and owen told the two college girls that he 'd be there to pick them up as soon as possible .
i was n't too worried about his getting to eva and violet in time , since his mansion was n't that far away .
warren 's granddaughter , violet , perched on one side of another sofa , next to her best friend , eva grayson .
roslyn , xavier , finn , eva , violet , warren - they all tried to talk me out of it , of course .
once everyone was finished , i got up and started to wash the dishes , but warren grabbed the plate out of my right hand , while his granddaughter , violet , snagged the one out of my left hand .
` ` violet and i will wash the dishes . ''
the frizz in his hair matched the fuzzy mess of violet 's blond locks , even though she 'd tried to tame hers .
eva and violet , who were both still so young , still so innocent .
eva , violet , warren , roslyn , and jo - jo had all been hanging back , out of range of the courtyard , so they 'd been out of the frenzied fray .
a coal tycoon named tobias dawson had secretly discovered diamonds on warren 's land and had done everything he could to get his hands on them , even sending someone to rape and kill warren 's granddaughter , violet .
the midnight color of his hair set off his pale skin and his piercing violet eyes .
` ` so sophia and i loaded up the convertible , dropped rosco off with eva and violet , and came on down , '' jo - jo added .
` ` eva 's staying with violet at warren 's house , and the girls were more than happy to watch rosco for a few days . ''
no doubt eva grayson and her best friend , violet fox , would spoil the dog even more than jo - jo already did .
gray on violet , with so many emotions crackling in the air between us .
still , despite his ruined suit , my eyes traced over him , from his blue - black hair to his intense violet eyes to his strong , muscled body .
sophia and i had just finished feeding the first wave of students when i spotted two very familiar faces in the crowd - eva grayson and violet fox .
eva was owen 's nineteen - year - old sister , and violet was her best friend .
eva looked a lot like owen , with her blue - black hair , while violet was all frizzy blond hair and glasses .
the casino boss said something , causing both eva and violet to laugh .
the word was n't spoken , but the threat must have shown in my cold face , because antonio followed me over to where kincaid was holding court with eva and violet .
i do n't remember you telling me anything about it when you and violet had lunch at the pork pit yesterday .
i yelled at eva and violet , pushing the two girls until they were up against the closed doors that led inside the riverboat .
chapter 7 i stood there , still shielding eva and violet , and stared at the wet , floppy thing that had been a man just seconds before .
that look told me that the casino boss knew exactly who had done this and why - things i planned on asking him just as soon as i got eva and violet to safety .
the dwarf reached out and clamped a hand on violet 's trembling arm .
` ` stay with violet .
eva and i might not have been best friends , like she and violet were , but we talked , and i dated her brother .
i walked over to where sophia and violet hovered next to the doors that led inside .
` ` violet , '' i said in a dark tone , making sure she heard all my questions loud and clear in that one word .
you either tell me what you know , violet , or i ' m going to call your grandfather and tell him that you ' ve been keeping company with one of ashland 's most notorious crime lords .
the old coot was just as tough as i was , and he would n't hesitate to give violet a severe tongue - lashing for hanging out with kincaid .
maybe it was judgmental of me , thinking the casino boss was such a bad guy when i was an assassin myself , but i would never hurt violet .
` ` and let me guess , '' i said , looking at violet again .
i 'd just hung up with jo - jo when kincaid led eva over to where i was standing with violet and sophia .
` ` sophia , would you please stay here and make sure eva and violet are okay ? ''
targeting me is one thing , but you put my friends , my family , in danger tonight - eva , violet , and sophia .
while i 'd been gone , sophia , violet , and eva had packed up the catering supplies - what was left of them .
bria nodded at eva , who was still standing with violet and sophia .
and violet along with her ? ''
eva hovered nearby , violet and sophia a few feet behind her .
you too , violet . ''
down below in the parking lot , violet was helping sophia put the last of the supplies from the pork pit into the dwarf 's convertible , while owen and eva stood off to one side , arguing .
violet and eva hugged and exchanged a few whispers before violet got into sophia 's car , and the two of them left .
violet and eva hugged and exchanged a few whispers before violet got into sophia 's car , and the two of them left .
his eyes were blue , not violet , and his hair was as light as the sunshine kissing the forest .
i took him in my mouth , making my caresses hard , then soft , then harder still , until his eyes burned violet , and he trembled beneath me .
` ` are you expecting violet or one of your other friends ? ''
i stared at my lover a moment , looking into his beautiful violet eyes .
owen finally stopped in front of clementine , his violet eyes practically glowing with anger .
heat flashed and shimmered in owen 's violet gaze , the same heat that was scorching through my veins .
perhaps it was my imagination , but his violet gaze seemed clearer than i remembered - calmer too .
our gazes locked , gray on violet , with so many emotions , so many memories , so many words spoken and unspoken ebbing and flowing between us .
` ` has finn made some pass at violet that i do n't know about , and warren is finally going to shoot him for it ? ''
finn liked to flirt with violet as much as he did with every other woman who crossed his path , despite his involvement with bria .
instead , owen stared right back at me , his violet gaze level and steady on my gray one .
his eyes met mine , violet and gray , and the emotions roared over me again , even stronger than before - heat , desire , need , want , love .
warren wants to check on violet and make sure that he 's there in case any of grimes 's men come into the store for supplies . ''
owen returned too , saying that warren , violet , and eva were all safe at country daze .
owen looked back at me , his violet eyes warm with care , concern , and worry .
she tossed a handful of popcorn at us , and so did a snickering violet .
eva shrugged , but violet nodded .
` ` yeah , i know catalina , '' violet said .
eva and violet both laughed and threw more popcorn at me , chasing me out of the living room .
i also told him the tidbit violet had mentioned about catalina 's mother passing away .
worry darkened his violet gaze .
i kept my gray gaze on his violet one as i loosened the towel and let it drop to the floor .
owen had said that eva was spending the night at violet 's , which meant that we 'd have the place to ourselves .
owen , finn , bria , xavier , roslyn , phillip , eva , sophia , jo - jo and her gentleman friend , cooper stills , violet and her grandfather , warren t. fox .
they wore identical black slacks , gray dress shirts , and dark violet vests .
a surge of energy tingled down my spine and a plume of violet smoke filled the room .
he was n't exactly a shrinking violet .
` ` violet perkins , age twenty - two , died last thursday of strangulation .
owen was going into a meeting , while eva grayson , his baby sister , and violet fox , her best friend , were at their usual classes at the community college .
violet 's grandfather , warren t. fox , was running his store , country daze , up in the mountains above the city .
eva , violet , and catalina looked back and forth at everyone with wide eyes , while jo - jo rubbed her head , as though it was aching .
so did eva , violet , and catalina , and everyone stampeded toward me , or at least tried to , but they all could n't get around the butcher - block table in the middle of the kitchen .
eva , violet , and catalina were next .
xavier and roslyn departed , and so did owen , eva , violet , and warren .
eva , violet , and catalina had wanted to help as well , but we 'd voted them down , and the girls were up at country daze , with warren and cooper watching over them .
i gazed up at him , knowing my eyes were full of the same emotions , a kaleidoscope of violet .
i lowered my gaze to meet his , my eyes blazing violet .
they are ours now to do with as we please- '' rage covered my eyes in a film of red , churning my irises a deep , menacing violet .
my irises jumped to violet .
i rocked him back on the edge of his heels , my irises flashing an angry violet .
my father 's irises jumped , sparking violet .
our irises each glowed a matching violet , bonding us like nothing else in this world could .
my irises sparked violet .
panic welled in my throat as my wolf growled and paced , her eyes sparking violet in my mind .
she chomped her muzzle down twice , her eyes flecked with violet .
she gnashed her teeth , her eyes sparking violet , which mirrored my own .
my eyes met hers , flashing violet .
our story should hold as long as the persuasion held and jen did n't decide to change her side of the story to , ` ` the girl with the glowing violet eyes beat him to death with her fists . ''
not from my harsh words but most likely from my eyes , which i could feel were sparking violet .
` ` jessica , you 're no shrinking violet , that 's for damn sure . ''
i strode toward him , my eyes flashing violet as they connected with his .
his eyes flashed a deep violet , and calmness wove its way through me .
his eyes flashed a brilliant violet .
my father 's eyes sparked violet , his face cemented in rigid lines .
my name came out in a staccato , my father 's sky blue eyes flashing a violet warning .
he knew it was only a matter of days until they 'd all be exterminated by violet .
he felt immense pressure as visions of violet performing the varithian ritual flashed over and over in his head .
` ` you just have to learn the ways to escape violet and her people . ''
` ` on the next new moon violet is going to destroy the vladdicus people and take over the universe .
if you are on the bad side of violet and her people , you are surely to die .
they did n't have much time before violet was going to take over the world and they knew this was the only way to save the vladdicus coven from destruction .
i ' m sure violet and the greslin 's sent them here to protect the waverly mirror .
other names ran through her mind too : sarah , mark , violet , hunter , penelope , and she knew she knew all these people somehow , but she could not really remember .
rachel cried out in pain , as she felt the back of violet 's hand smacking her so hard across the face , it made her spin .
she spun , breathing hard , and saw violet bearing down on her , leaping through the air , sprouting wings , fangs and claws extended , and diving right down , to pierce her .
rob swooped down , and grabbed violet in midair , right before she attacked rachel .
he grabbed violet , picked her up above his head , and spun her and sent her crashing down to the ground .
rob snarled , threatening violet .
rachel gained her feet and watched as violet slowly nodded , defeated .
` ` i promise , '' violet said .
suddenly , rachel was horrified as she saw violet leaping up from behind , raising a long silver dagger high overhead .
rob shrieked out , as violet plunged the dagger deep into his back .
` ` i told you to never betray me , '' violet said .
benji smashed into violet in midair , grabbing the dagger from her hand , and sending violet hurling through the air , smashing into a tree .
benji smashed into violet in midair , grabbing the dagger from her hand , and sending violet hurling through the air , smashing into a tree .
violet lay there , slumped , unconscious , and benji took the dagger and hurled it into the forest , so far , rachel did not even hear it land .
they were violet 's coven .
chapter 5 violet sat in her chamber as all the greslins lined up at the foot of her throne waiting for her to speak .
if only hunter had been kinder to her , had not spurned her for that little witch penelope , maybe violet would have joined the other coven .
he thought his ears were playing tricks on him when he heard that violet and her coven had gained possession of the varithian bracelet .
he sighed in relief knowing that he still had a little bit of time to save his coven before violet would be able to attack and destruct all the vampire covens in the world , but he knew it would be cutting it close .
we have to stop violet .
we ca n't just wait for violet to attack .
it was a complete waste of their time and they knew it was only a matter of days before violet and her coven would take over the world .
it had been almost a year since the incident with violet , when he first felt his body changing and his powers strengthening ; but then , all of a sudden , they disappeared .
red , orange , green , pink , violet , yellow the room kept on changing colors and it turned around and around .
after all , he remembered when he was turned , he needed violet , he needed her to tell him what it meant to be a vampire , and what all the changes were that were happening to his body .
` ` i heard what your brother told you , '' violet continued .
` ` listen , violet , what you heard was nothing .
hunter knew that violet always had a thing for him .
` ` i ' m late for class , i got ta run , '' hunter said , as he began walking away from violet .
meet me after class , i 'll be waiting for you in my room , '' violet said as she batted her eyes .
hunter 's talk with violet and benji had completely ruined his mood .
he wished benji had never come up to see him today , and he especially wished that violet had n't heard what he said .
hunter knew exactly what he could do to keep violet in his good graces .
it said 3:30pm , which meant he only had fifteen more minutes until class was over and until he would meet back up with violet .
he was trying to recall exactly what benji told him so he would know how to face violet .
hunter packed up his bag and walked out the door on his way to violet 's dorm room .
hunter stood there , in front of violet 's door , waiting for her to open it .
` ` hey violet , '' hunter said in a kind voice .
that was smart of you , '' violet said in a creepy tone .
` ` he will not , he 'll be fine , '' violet said .
hunter knew the powers that violet had , and he knew she was backed by the greslins , an evil pack of vampires that lived at mount pines .
` ` listen , violet , there 's no need to go terminating anyone .
he knew that all violet wanted in this world was to be loved by hunter .
hunter said , changing the subject and gazing into violet 's eyes .
hunter watched as violet 's demeanor shifted .
he could feel violet 's body begin to relax .
hunter looked at violet , and before he knew it , the two had locked lips and were making out .
all of a sudden , violet sat up and buttoned her shirt and motioned for hunter to hide .
` ` hurry , they 're coming , '' violet said .
` ` come back tomorrow , '' violet said .
she had many friends , except violet , who was her biggest enemy .
hunter was also convinced that violet had the ability to read people 's thoughts and that made her hate michelle even more .
hunter stood there , looking back and forth between violet and michelle .
` ` you have n't seen anything yet , '' violet said , as she began to open her mouth wide .
` ` violet , what are you doing ? ''
` ` i took notes on what i heard the other day , '' violet answered .
` ` exactly , '' violet said , with a creepy smile across her face .
i thought you really wanted to be with me , '' violet said softly .
he knew he did n't really like her , and by no means was falling for her , but it was the only way to keep violet quiet .
` ` i want to be with you forever , '' violet said , clutching onto the notebook .
or , at least your brother will , '' violet said , as she walked away from him .
chapter sixteen violet walked into her secret meeting room , which was in the attic of her dormitory .
` ` meeting commencing , '' violet said as she took her wooden mallet and beat it against the table .
the coven looked at violet in suspense and waited for her to continue .
` ` it was spoken by someone of the vladiccus coven , '' violet said as she heard people oohing and aahing at her words .
` ` our secret has been told , '' violet paused .
the coven nodded , agreed , and listened as violet explained how they would go about their attack .
` ` lyndvia castle , '' violet responded .
and violet knew that they would n't stop until everyone was dead .
he flew faster than ever to lyndvia castle to warn benji about violet 's threat to terminate him and rachel .
` ` violet knows everything and she 's out to get both of you .
` ` it 's violet , '' hunter said to benji .
the minute she entered the room , her head poked back out , her violet blue eyes wide with worry as she watched him .
her violet blue eyes were groggy with sleep , but she smiled beautifully up at him .
his violet blue eyes were wide as she studied the elder 's gathered before them .
the normally bright , beautiful violet blue of them was gone .
she blinked , her eyes flickering between the volatile red and the beautiful violet blue he loved so dearly .
the startling azure violet of them was bright and wounded , the pure amethyst flecks speckled throughout them shone in the harsh light of the room .
cassie gasped loudly , the color drained from her face , as her astonishing violet blue eyes widened in surprise .
the light of the room flickered off of the bright violet flecks in her questioning , fearful eyes .
cassie laughed softly as she smoothed the front of her deep violet dress .
cassie grabbed hold of his arm , her wide violet blue eyes worriedly searching his face .
her misty eyes held his , the startling violet in them standing out vividly to his heightened sense of sight .
the other baby was just as quiet , her eyes wide and a shocking violet blue that also appeared far to knowing for her age .
she even reminded him of a unicorn with her graceful mannerisms , golden hair , and bright violet flecked eyes .
she was not a shrinking violet , this miss grantworth whom he remembered ... or whom she had become .
chapter fourteen whereupon an alliance is suggested victoria wore a gown of the palest of icy purple , with dark violet rosebuds and lace trimmings along the flounces of her skirt .
as the crescent sun continued to narrow , the complexion of the sky became a strangled violet .
eph returned , this time running the violet lamplight over redfern 's face .
` ` i mean ... '' i looked away from violet and bit my lip to keep from laughing .
` ` meena , i did n't mean ... you know i do n't think ... '' dropping her broom , violet threw herself at my back and wrapped her arms around me .
pretending to ignore violet , i bent over awkwardly and grabbed a handful of suds .
turning quickly , i worked the soap into violet 's hair and laughed .
grabbing the nearby hose , i pointed at violet .
standing on the tips of my toes , i tried to see what violet was looking at .
when his eyes swung in our direction , violet grabbed my arm and ducked back down into the tank .
` ` violet , what did you do to end up here ? ''
blake 's eyes left violet 's and turned toward me .
once when i was little and staying at violet 's house , i 'd had too much fun playing and had n't bothered to tell my parents that i was n't feeling well .
` ` violet knew who he was too . ''
that 's right , violet .
the scientist returned the spectacles with the single truthfinder 's lens in them , but fitzroy set this aside , picking up the violet disguiser 's lenses and putting them on .
from the violet stripes in her dark hair and her black - tipped fingernails to her biker boots with buckles running ankle to mid - calf , she could n't have appeared more incompatible with him - tan and lanky with short blond hair , dressed in a button - down shirt , untucked , skinny chinos and sperrys .
while waiting for the hallway to clear , i changed into a dark violet shorts and tank set from victoria 's secret that emily gave me before i left town .
red - something red - mingled among the blossoms , turning them a deep violet .
not entirely blue , but like the veins under my skin were leaking , tinting my flesh with a faint violet hue .
the stem felt warm to the touch and a faint trace of blue still clung to the blossom , turning the dewy petals violet .
there was a spark , a strong scent of burnt ozone , and then a ball of fire shot forward , more violet then red , unnatural and consuming .
chapter 18 by wednesday , i was sure my entire back was an array of violets and blues .
the pattern grew more intricate and darkened into a violet hue overnight .
gazing at my reflection , i saw the violet swirls glittering exactly where they were that morning .
she pulled them back , revealing all of my violet mark .
i left out the part about my mark turning violet , shannon attacking me , and my involvement in the prophecy .
it 's violet . ''
i knew they would pool violet and that i would n't be able to control myself .
they were rimmed with violet .
those intense eyes were still blood red , rimmed in violet , and moving across the painting , like he was reading something .
the glowing blade illuminated my face , revealing raging eyes that pooled deep violet .
i had no idea it was engulfed in violet flames .
and i changed him violet .
but , it was the violet mark on her brow that was irrefutable .
no other martis had a violet mark .
that violet mark revealed that angel and demon blood flowed in unison through my veins .
i felt my eyes rim violet , as i began to lose control of my anger .
the tips of my hair flamed deep violet .
a dull violet glow filled the creature 's mouth .
whatever made my eyes rim and my hair turn to violet flames did n't agree with the lorren .
my eyes burned , as i breathed , instantly pooling violet .
i pointed to one that showed me in battle , with the tips of my hair glowing like violet flames .
a violet ring formed around his blue eyes as he spoke .
the eyes that were usually full of vibrancy were rimmed in violet , and filling with red , as sheets of rage poured off of him .
pushing the loose curls back , i thought that my eyes were probably ringed in violet , too .
my eyes pooled violet .
it did n't matter that my hair had turned to violet flames , and my power crackled around me .
the violet flames licked his skin , but eric effonated , and his body dissolved before i could rip him to pieces .
my eyes rimmed violet .
my eyes pooled violet and i ignored it , thinking i could control myself , but the longer i spoke the more i began to question why i should n't let the rage overtake me .
pure violet eyes gazed back .
soon the flickering violet flames became still , lying limp on top of my head .
my violet mark shimmered on my brow .
how interesting ... '' her violet eyes glimmered like precious stones .
my eyes were hot , rimmed violet .
flame - filled violet eyes were swimming with rage .
they were rimming violet .
i saw the tips turn to violet flames .
i stared at the demon , feeling my eyes turn violet .
the dragon turned his head and violet flames shot from his snout .
typically when people stared at them , they were awestruck by the shocking color of violet , which bugged me .
i 'd still be socially incompetent , weirdo gemma with the freaky violet eyes .
i was sitting in the back seat , watching the stars streak across the sky in shades of violet and silver .
i stared down at the crystal hesitantly , the violet ribbons dancing around inside almost tauntingly .
` ` now close your eyes and picture the vision you saw , '' dyvinius said , his silver eyes twinkling in the pale violet glow of the crystal .
a violet stone carved the center of a silver , heart - shaped pendant .
i absentmindedly rubbed my thumb against the violet stone as i stared up at the sky , thinking about the kiss and trying not to think about the fact that fairly soon here i 'd remember nothing about it .
a silver heart - shaped locket with a small violet stone in the center of it rested in the palm of his hand .
i almost shut my eyes as we entered the room in a pathetic attempt to try and hide their violet color .
the violet ribbons swirled and danced inside the crystal ball , which was balanced in its stand on top of the apothecary table in front of us .
little gemma asked , her violet eyes wide with fear .
i could n't watch the little girl with the sad violet eyes be no more .
` ` yeah ... '' i stared down at the violet ribbons , swirling inside the crystal .
i stared down at the crystal ball , the violet ribbons twisting and turning in the sparkling water .
his eyes ... the color ... violet .
chapter 3 i had thought the alarming violet color of my eyes had been created from the star 's energy .
but i was wrong because the man standing before me had the exact same alarming shade of violet radiating from his eyes .
he looked so much like me ; the same color of brown hair , the same pale skin - only his was creased with wrinkles - and of course the same shade of violet in his eyes .
he held the crystal ball out to me , his eyes gleaming a bright violet in the light it casted .
` ` he reached into the pocket of his silver rob and pulled out a ring trimmed with violet gems.then , he took my hand and set the ring in it .
she shrugged and we both sat there , staring at the violet gemmed ring , wondering what to do next .
i raised my hand in front of me , staring at the violet gemmed ring enclosed around my finger .
her violet eyes skimmed the room and then her lip twitched .
i plucked a violet flower out of a flower pot hanging by the front door .
then i encircled the three of us in a halo of feathers and let the crushed violet flower fall from my hand , hoping he d figure it out .
when dad and violet came into view , i was so relieved i almost skipped down the last of the path .
blake held up his hands and looked from violet to my dad with innocent eyes .
i looked anywhere but at violet or blake , worried they 'd see through my nonchalance .
out of the corner of my eye , i caught violet watching us and almost groaned .
as the crew unloaded , violet shook her head and frowned at me .
they would freak out , but violet was different .
violet grabbed the seafoam green and sat down on the floor .
just as i was leaving my room , i heard blake 's voice join violet and my mom 's .
behind him , violet flashed a big thumbs - up and heat crept up my checks .
i kissed mom 's cheek and hugged violet .
chapter nine - meena - violet came with us as far as the path that led to the parking lot .
i had gone on a group date with violet once , but that was more to be her wingman .
i picked up my phone and texted violet .
sheesh , i did n't need a mom with a best friend like violet .
we had adoption papers that violet 's parents had helped set up , but they were n't exactly legit .
violets leaves tomorrow and if we start something now , it 's just going to hurt when you go too . ''
violet 's voice rose .
i met violet 's eyes in the mirror .
blake was there and he ... god , violet .
` ` no one saw you but us , '' violet said .
it was a deep violet number , knee - length , with spaghetti straps .
the sky was dark violet , sparking with electricity ; and there were clouds , although they really did n't look like clouds .
electrical impulses shot along the knotted , ropelike clouds into the violet distance .
we bobbed and wove closer to the behemoth of an airship , its taught silver fabric a pale lavender , reflecting the sparking violet heavens .
the bruise spread below both eyes , turning a deep violet .
in fact , i think violet and i are just going to stay right here until classes are over .
her eyes are n't so much blue as violet .
it begins to glow in his hands , changing colors : violet one second , green the next .
it was swollen and already turning an attractive shade of blue and violet .
fully visible , he had a swollen - shut eye that was an ugly shade of violet .
the man 's startling violet eyes slid toward me .
` ` your hair is such a lovely violet . ''
when it 's fastened with a pearl clip , the violet streaks are almost hidden .
the violet has mostly washed out of my hair .
last time she dyed my hair violet .
the lights are low and purplish , streaming through windows with leaded violet panes .
i look to father as the soldiers shove him toward the violet room .
near a picnic table full of the teacher chaperones were a bunch of seniors including jason , darren wilden , melissa hastings , and violet keyes , who 'd been after jason for years .
above the mural was a decal that said violet , the o a smiley face , and the t sprouting a flower out the top .
the name violet , she thought , was perfect .
` ` em , it 's not ali who has violet , '' aria whispered .
but why would gayle tell us she has violet if she wants to keep her for herself ?
` ` where 's violet ? ''
she was out to steal violet .
one good thing had happened : early that morning , aria received a text from hanna saying she 'd finally tracked down the address of the family who had adopted violet , using her dad 's voter records .
a could still have violet .
instinctively , she held violet a little tighter .
after a moment , mrs . baker crossed the street toward emily , violet in her arms .
emily turned back and watched as mrs . baker stepped up on the curb and hitched violet higher on her hip .
then she picked up violet 's hand and made her wave .
we named her violet . ''
she wiped away a tear , looking again at violet 's goofy , gummy smile .
there were so many other things emily wanted to ask about violet , but maybe it was n't her place to know .
she 'd given up the right to be violet 's parent .
all of the money in the world could n't have made a better life for violet than the one the bakers were giving her .
emily kissed the top of violet 's fuzzy head .
and then she awkwardly turned and walked as quickly as she could back to the girls , afraid that if she did n't get away fast , she 'd never be able to leave violet 's side again .
she looked back once , watching as lizzie made violet wave again .
she thought about a looming somewhere close , just waiting to snatch violet away .
if the next car that passes is blue , violet will be okay , she thought .
they named her violet .
and there was violet , of course , but the bakers were the best parents she could ask for .
chapter 2 snug as four bugs in a rug as the sun sank lower in the sky and an ethereal violet mist gathered over the mountains , aria , mike , byron , and meredith sat around a large square table in the lodge dining room .
i chuckle again as i imagine those beautiful violet eyes widening and her cheeks turning red at the thought of doing something wrong .
the spark is gone , taking the violet hue along with it .
her blue eyes lose their glaze , and the hue of violet i love so much returns .
those gorgeous violet eyes stay on me .
his eyes were so dark , they held no other hues , but as i gazed up , i noticed his irises had a faint violet ring .
it smelled of faded violet perfume and the stale smoke of lady arista 's cigarillos .
` ` good thing violet had the tickets available . ''
and i told violet that we 'd have to meet in your room tomorrow . ''
you have n't gone and told violet anything about the chronograph , have you ? ''
named after her mother 's favorite flower , she had always hated her name -- hated the fact that so many southern girls of their day were named for such passive things as flowers : violet .
i noticed the light inside the tube begin to drain , and lilly 's skin begin to turn a shade of shimmering violet .
a small serpent glowed a vibrant violet and i watched her cheeks blush with pride .
her eyes flickered for a moment and i saw the sparkling violet that had once been the light in her eyes , but then it was gone and they settled back into the deep purple of mourning .
i had n't seen her in so long , i had n't looked into her brilliant violet eyes and let her make me feel small and childlike in way too long .
i look over , and my heart drops into my violet satin shoes .
the witch 's own familiar violet eyes watered up , and then she was rushing at caia , her strong arms encircling her in a tight hug .
to the west was an alluring pocket of clearness where eureka could see the sun sneaking lower , turning the sliver of cloud - bare sky a deep shade of violet .
william 's navy - blue one had a reversible camouflage lining ; claire 's was pale violet with white applique flowers on the hood .
just before a block of blank pages was a single sheet scribbled in violet ink , titled the book of love , fourth salvo .
ander pointed at the page where , after a few lines of blank space , the violet ink resumed .
i rub my eyes with my fingertips , pretending like the room does n't smell like pot and that violet , my roommate , is n't passed out in the bed across from mine .
i nod and something crosses over her face , maybe pain , and for a second i wonder if violet 's okay .
* * * i knock on the door several times before her roommate , violet , answers .
` ` violet let me in , '' i say and lean down to kiss her .
i flopped back on the dock , stretching my arms overhead and taking in the blooming violet of the night sky .
usually the colour comes out violet but this season i got some true purple ones . ''
i help her into her wrap , lush violet silk that makes her eyes glow even brighter .
every time i answered the door instead of her , his face would turn violet , and he 'd trip over his words just like i ' m doing now .
there was evidence of his current romance with celeste , in the form of a chunk of violet quartz next to his computer - emma assumed it was for focusing his chi or something like that .
he breathed in her violet scent , drawing strength from it .
her sweet violet scent was everywhere .
the room sweetened with her violet scent , drawing him in , becoming everything , and he felt it .
then came her violet scent , drawing his focus completely to her , to the way she looked this close , just in front of him .
he kissed her and lost himself in the silk of her skin , and in her violet scent .
the violet scent he loved .
black as onyx , steeped in her violet scent .
aria looked up , her violet scent filling him with steadiness .
it 's a jacket , a gorgeous corduroy jacket the exact color of mom 's african violet on the kitchen windowsill .
a girl in screaming violet ca n't contain herself and throws her arms around him .
it assumes a most pleasing violet hue .
laughing , noah had leaned over , his startling violet eyes glittering .
the color had always amazed her , not blue , or purple , but pale violet .
his huge violet eyes stared back , clear and expressive , and brimming with more intelligence and awareness than a seven year olds should .
they gazed straight into noah 's violet depths and saw his concern .
the violet in them darkened to purple with disbelief .
` ` i lied before , '' she huffed , drawing noah 's pale violet eyes up from the pages of his book to her face .
he locked eden in with his calm violet gaze and his reassurance made her feel a little better .
she watched his jaw clench and his pale violet eyes darken as they scoured her face .
his pale violet eyes were full of patience and familiarity .
when noah looked up at her , his violet eyes smiled at her and she lost her breath for a moment as she drowned in that familiar look .
they shone a dark violet now as they bored into her with a sincerity that left her breathless .
gurgled the man who used to have a violet beret .
those eyes of his were the most amazing shade of violet .
cole 's head tilted to the side , that violet gaze intense .
` ` i ' m so- '' our gazes locked , my blue with his violet , and once again the rest of the world faded away .
his pupils were huge , swallowing all that violet .
the sun was setting , the sky a haze of azure and violet .
our gazes locked , and guilt filled those violet irises .
only he was staring far more intently , that violet gaze drilling into me , trying to burrow past skin and into soul to search for answers i did n't have .
only difference was , cole 's eyes were that amazing violet and mr . holland 's were an electric - blue .
our eyes locked , violet against blue .
his violet gaze studied my face .
once we 'd repainted - every room a different shade of addison 's favorite purples , from glossy , deep midnight violet to soft blooming hydrangea to english lavender , we spruced it up with treasures from thrift shops and antique shops .
bethanne hill was a former neighbor who 'd survived a house fire she 'd started by accident , which had killed her toddler sister , violet .
my eyes were open violets .
my eyes like violet saucers and joshua 's hand nesting my elbow .
i moved my cosmetics bag into mom and arthur 's bathroom and clicked the mirror to the ` ` garden '' setting and its light - bath of violet .
i 'd daubed and brushed and buffed myself under the violet lights .
it is the violet between night and dawn .
she even had those legendary violet eyes , flashy as amethysts .
a circlet of violet blossoms ringed her head .
jason heard rats chittering and scampering beyond the violet glow of the seaweed .
evening had fallen when jasher paused beside a pool where a cluster of large violet flowers flourished .
there were peacocks with feathers of lustrous blue and violet , and others with plumage shimmering in vibrant shades of lime green and yellow , or fiery hues of red and orange .
it was at least five feet long and had a sleek azure body with dark violet markings .
the queen of the fae remained silent , her long fingers moon - white and folded in the lap of her violet gown , a white barn owl perched on the back of her chair .
she left her nephew kneeling as she turned her violet , starry eyes to celaena and gave her that spider 's smile .
` ` violet , '' amelia snaps and i quickly turn my head to her .
chapter 1 violet ( freshman year of college ) i ' ve got my fake smile plastered on my face and no one in the crowd of people surrounding me can tell if it 's real or not .
` ` and , violet , remember , i ' m a nice guy and everything but do n't try to screw me over . ''
` ` violet ... something or other ? ''
chapter 2 violet i ' m supposed to be sleeping , but i ' m too excited to sleep .
` ` violet , '' she says and i tense .
` ` knock it off , violet , '' i mutter to myself , my skin damp from exertion .
shaking my head , i turn back to luke , forcing myself to be the normal , indifferent violet that i strive to be .
` ` all right violet ... '' he waits for me to give him my last name , but i only shake my head .
` ` okay , then violet with no last name .
so i had to walk and just happened to pass by when violet was leaning against the tree .
i sit at an empty desk a few rows behind her and i try to concentrate on what professor dotterman is saying instead of what violet 's doing , but it 's hard .
for some reason , though , challenging violet is becoming appealing .
i can tell violet tries to look tough , but beneath the diamond stud in her nose , the red streaks in her hair , and the tattoos on the back of her neck , she 's f**king gorgeous - even though she 's wearing the same dress she had on last night , she has no makeup on , and her hair is n't done .
in the middle of my thoughts , violet casually glances over her shoulder .
most of the time , when i look into people 's eyes , i can get a good glimpse of what they 're feeling , but with violet i ca n't see anything , like she has a shield up .
the rest of the journey with violet is interesting .
when we get on the elevator at her dorm and the doors shut , violet clears her throat and i think she 's finally going to speak .
as we approach violet 's dorm room toward the end of the hall , i spot kayden and callie standing in front of the door .
callie says something and kayden laughs , but when he sees me walking up the hallway with violet his expression fills with inquisitiveness .
he glances from violet to me , then his eyebrows arch , his eyes widening a little .
callie steps out of the way as violet moves out of my arm and drags her foot as she moves up to the door .
callie asks , looking down at violet 's ankle .
` ` yeah , '' violet answers with indifference as she punches in the code to their room with her finger .
` ` you 're welcome , violet with no last name , '' i tell her and then she shuts the door .
chapter 3 violet right after my parents were murdered , i used to come up with reasons why their lives were taken .
` ` jesus , violet , sometimes you 're too blunt for your own good . ''
` ` i ' m not that old , violet , '' he says .
` ` think outside of your naive innocent brain , violet , and maybe you 'll get it . ''
` ` you sound like you 're a vegetarian , '' violet remarks from across the table , unwrapping her hamburger .
i ' m not even sure how i ended up here with violet .
as i was driving down the road toward the nearest liquor store , i saw violet limping on the damn foot , completely disregarding my advice to stay off it .
i ' m not even sure why i prefer that look , other than girls like violet look more intense , and if they 're anything like me they ' ve got too much going on inside them , which is the last thing i want .
chapter 4 violet there was more than just one person at my house the night my parents were killed , but one person sticks out in particular .
` ` violet , i do n't want to make you do anything you do n't want to , but i need you to go out tonight . ''
` ` i ' m not that much older than you , violet . ''
` ` i think you ' ve been watching a little too many cop shows , violet .
` ` earth to violet . ''
seth : well , she did n't use those words per se since callie would never use those words , but she said she saw you helping violet around campus ... what 's that about ?
i ' m not usually a nice guy , but for some reason violet momentarily brought it out of me .
she rolls her body and shakes her tits again and violet covers her hand with her mouth , choking on her laughter as the brunette stomps off .
once she disappears in the crowd , i quickly take violet in .
` ` why are you here , violet with no last name ? ''
leaving most of my thoughts of violet behind , i shove through the crowd and push to the kitchen where the counters are lined with bottles and bottles of alcohol .
` ` the violet hayes who was part of the hayes murder case , '' he says .
` ` is this violet hayes ? ''
` ` oh my dear , sweet , innocent violet .
` ` i ca n't be a foster mother , violet .
` ` i took some e , violet , and it 's so f**king amazing ... everything feels so amazing ... you feel f**king amazing . ''
` ` come on , violet , let me f**k the shit out of you .
` ` face it , violet , you have nowhere else to go , so you might as well come with me , baby . ''
` ` god damn it , violet , why could n't just give me what i want for once ! ''
` ` violet hayes ? ''
` ` violet , i want to talk to you , '' he says , quickly .
` ` violet ... can you ... can you check my blood sugar for me ? ''
something about doing it registers a memory of violet ... helping me check my insulin ... violet giving me pills .
something about doing it registers a memory of violet ... helping me check my insulin ... violet giving me pills .
at first i ' m planning on just going straight to my room , but i keep thinking about violet and how i have no idea where she went last night .
i do n't usually care about girls that come in and out of my life , and i definitely should n't care about violet .
when i get to violet 's dorm room , i expect it to be cleared out like the rest of the building .
the music turns down and then violet opens the door .
things have crossed that line between violet and i , especially after last night .
` ` violet , where are you going ? ''
` ` i ' m not that much f**king older than you are , violet !
` ` violet , are you okay ? ''
` ` violet , let 's go , '' luke says softly .
` ` i know what a panic attack is , violet , and i know that the only reason you 're calm right now is because you 're exhausted from one . ''
chapter 8 luke it took a lot of energy not to beat the shit out of the guy who was getting rough with violet .
the surprising thing was , as cocky as violet has always been , she actually seemed afraid of him .
` ` violet ... '' stay out of it .
i looked a lot like violet did when she collapsed to the ground and i felt that way when i took off for that strip club yesterday .
and if it was any other girl i 'd probably think she was just trying to get an invite home with me , but i ' m starting to understand violet enough to know that she 's probably getting a kick out of being a pain in the ass .
i wait for violet to move out of the way so i can get the door open , but she does n't budge and i ' m the one who ends up stepping back , losing again .
chapter 9 violet we go get tacos , stop by a drugstore , go to the electronics store to pick up a new phone for him because apparently he lost his last night , then go back to his dorm .
` ` come on , violet .
` ` drugs are dangerous , violet . ''
` ` all right , violet , who still has n't told me her last name .
` ` just stay in my bed , violet .
then his mother walked in and caught us and it was good - bye violet .
` ` violet , '' i jump at the sound of a voice ... my dad 's .
i start to roll out of bed to get dressed and go get some coffee , when all of a sudden violet starts flipping out .
seth comes strutting in , with greyson at his heels , then does a double take when he sees violet , who does nothing more than stare at him , looking bored .
he stares at violet like she 's some strange endangered species .
seth is a very blunt person and i usually do n't care because i can be that way , too , but aiming his bluntness at violet right now does n't seem like such a good idea .
seth unfortunately does n't pick up on the vibe , though , walking out from under greyson 's arm and crowding violet .
i want to believe that she wo n't do anything , but i ' ve seen her do too many crazy things to make any assumptions about violet hayes .
i position myself between the two of them and look at violet .
` ` violet wait . ''
` ` i can handle a cranky violet .
` ` violet , '' he groans , dragging his teeth across his my bottom lip and gently nibbling on it .
all i want to do right now is go looking for a fight or find a girl to f**k and bail out on , since violet obviously ca n't be that girl for me .
i toss and turn all night on the leather couch , eventually falling off into a nice peaceful dream about violet .
` ` luke , wake up , '' violet whispers , her breath hot against my cheek .
i 'll wait until i get home and then let myself sink into the blissful contentment of alcohol and hopefully it 'll clear violet out of my head for a while .
` ` think carefully , violet , '' he says .
` ` violet , i know this must be hard for you to talk about , but i need you to try to think of anything at all that might be helpful . ''
` ` violet , please settle down and think about that night carefully , '' he says , rising to his feet , ruffling his blond hair into place .
` ` i ' m sorry , violet , but i do n't understand ... is that a song ? ''
` ` wait , violet , one more thing , '' he calls and i pause , but do n't turn around .
` ` it 's just cooking , violet .
` ` so what was your rebellious phase , violet ? ''
there 's one missed call from violet .
i ca n't stop thinking about how surprised violet looked when i gave her my number and wondering how she felt when i did n't answer her call .
` ` violet , i ' m really sorry . ''
i ' m barely paying attention , thinking about how i should just go into the room and apologize to violet again , make things right .
i wonder why none of them are reacting like i am , but then again neither of them know the stuff i do about violet .
chapter 13 violet today is turning into the shittiest day of all days in the shitty history that makes up my life .
i glance up from the order book as he says , ` ` the violet hayes whose parents were murdered in cheyenne thirteen years ago ? ''
in ten seconds i ' ve managed to go from stressed waitress , to about - to - lose - her - shit violet .
` ` violet , '' benny hisses , glancing around at the tables and booths .
` ` violet , i think i ' m going to have to fire you , '' benny says and all i do is stare at his bald head , shiny in the fluorescent light .
` ` is that true violet ? ''
i asked him where he got the weed and he said from a friend , but i think violet gave it to him , which makes me worry she might be going back to that douche .
jonah said they were n't dating , just friends , but it 'll still be kind of be weird if violet walks in and i ' m still not sure if i could fully go through with it and get what i ' m seeking - a much - needed f**k , one where i ' m in control over the situation .
then again , i should n't even be thinking about violet .
the sound of violet 's voice over the music makes me tense .
i wait for what seems like five hours , when really it 's probably only more like five seconds , then violet comes walking past the table and turns into the kitchen area next to it .
greyson ignores him and starts munching on chips while my focus drifts back to violet in the kitchen .
violet holds the bottle in her hand , her green eyes darting to mine before she says to jonah , ` ` follow me . ''
he scoops up his beer and circles around the table , trailing behind violet as she breezes past me with jonah following her like a puppy dog .
violet lies a lot and it 's hard to tell if what leaves her mouth is real - if anything .
yet violet is .
violet drunk , evil violet is coming out and she 's bored .
` ` violet , open the f**king door . ''
after violet falls asleep , telling me she wishes i 'd stay with her , i sit on the bed with my head in my hands as i decide what to do .
when he peers up at me , there 's a concerned look in his eyes that makes me wonder if he knows something about violet , like maybe what happened to her parents .
i ' m turning into someone else who i do n't think i like unless i ' m kissing violet , and then it seems okay to be this way , letting go , giving her what she wants , not being the one in control , the kind of guy who does stuff for other people , who lets people into his f**ked - up life .
i want violet more than i ' ve ever wanted anyone .
i want violet so bad it burns under my skin fiercer than the alcohol burns at my throat .
chapter 15 violet i wake up the next morning , not gasping for the first time , but my head is throbbing and my dry throat burns with the need to hack .
` ` violet , what are you doing out here ? ''
` ` violet , i- '' i quickly lean over and cover his mouth with my hand .
` ` violet , if you ever need to talk about stuff ...
` ` violet , i do n't know what to do with us ... with any of what happened ... what 's happening . ''
` ` i do n't know exactly how i feel about violet yet , but it 's enough that i do n't want you to call her that . ''
i continue to clean and organize the house until around five o'clock , stopping at the second beer , and by the time i knock on the door to see if violet is ready , my head is alarmingly clear .
` ` violet , i ... '' i trail off as she starts sucking on my neck , tracing her tongue on my skin as her fingers slide across the front of my chest .
violet we pick up fast food from this little dive place at the edge of the town that has the best burger , then luke drives up to the mountains and parks his truck .
` ` violet , i ' m sorry .
chapter 16 luke violet and i fall into this weird rhythm over the next few weeks .
she 's subtly asked me a few times about my mom and what she 's like and i give her as few details as possible , because everything 's working for violet and me at the moment .
that i ' m going to actually consider a real relationship with violet , even knowing that at any moment she could take everything away from me .
every morning violet wakes up the same way she woke up in my dorm room , gasping for air .
violet leaves the kitchen and goes into the bathroom , shutting the door , taking her cute ass with her , along with the good and lightness in me .
she f**king screwed up my life so god damn badly that i have to control everything just so i wo n't remember how much she controlled me ... '' i trail off as violet walks in front of me , standing between the television and the coffee table .
he calls right back and i shut off my phone , tossing it onto the table , my eyes never leaving violet .
` ` violet , just say something , '' i say , sounding panicked and pathetic .
` ` violet i ... '' i drift off as she tiptoes over the glass and climbs over the table beside me .
i ' m drowning in my past , drowning in the thought that i ' m going to lose violet .
epilogue violet ` ` so things with lover boy did n't work out , huh ? ''
` ` see that 's the thing about you , violet .
chris 's face was chalk - white , his eyes not black but a stunning , glistering violet .
so she turns her head real slow , her gaze inching up to the ceiling vent - and there they are : two glittery violet eyes pressed against the grate like an animal 's at the zoo .
but casey ... casey was many and all colors , a nacreous , wavering shimmer that was now rose , now sapphire , sulfur , violet .
forget that kramer called her emma or that she thought her real face swirled in the violet whirlpools of the panops .
dust buffed up into the air in big , choking clouds , all of it orange and violet in the sunset , everything beautiful and industrial and apocalyptic with the warehouses and the sky blue cars .
sam outside of the car , the lights were even more dazzling , as if the cold air around us moved and shimmered with violet and pink .
the pressure of my knuckles against my closed eyelids was starting to make colorful patterns in the darkness , light violet and green dancing in nonsensical , falling patterns .
the plane climbed until i could see the horizon begin to curve away from us , until i could see the actual curvature of the earth , and the sky darkened from bright blue to smoky violet to glimmering black .
for a moment , as she passed directly underneath one of the lumpen 's lanterns , her eyes glittered a brilliant violet color .
once again , the rat 's eyes flashed momentarily violet , and for a second a look of sadness passed across her face .
spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks .
alejo hauled wara to her feet , and for a moment everything shimmered violet and green .
crusty patches of blood had dried around her violet and yellow nose .
her nose was a sickly violet and yellow , puffy under her reddened eyes .
gabe perks up in his seat , and so do i , responding instantly as his aura pulses bright violet streaks .
the colour of the garments matched the titles of the lords : the blue lord of truth , the red lord of knowledge , the emerald lord of friendship , the purple lord of destiny , the violet lord of faith and the gold lord of freedom .
to ask his permission to nominate you , harry , said the violet lord .
as if all this were not enough , it seemed that the woman he was to take as his wife was one more difficult than all the rest ; a shrinking violet who would probably dissolve into tears at sight of him .
then a colour ; a brilliant violet fading to a deeper purple at the edges of her periphery .
she looked up at the violet sky .
the violet of the sky directly ahead of her seemed slightly darker than the sky to her sides and behind , though it could have been her subconscious playing tricks .
she made a decision and set off in the direction of the deeper violet , her legs trembling a little at first as if she did not know how to command them as well as she once was able .
dia strained her eyes to attempt to identify it but , frustratingly , it was too faded in the violet .
dia explained everything to daniel of her restoration under the violet sky , lord kae acting as dosus yin , the footage of daniel in her palace , kants destroyed hand , the ghan in avalon and the events surrounding the death of ssus .
the men , in their white powdered wigs and waistcoats of sky blue , red , purple and violet , their butternut , gray , white and tan pants , fitting like ballet tights , their codpieces prominent , as they accepted the soft delicate hands of their partners , bowed , their left leg crossed slightly over their right , their head bowed gracefully , their chins turned just at the precise angle , as if looking up at him through the window of time .
alexis was now covered in violet with two gigantic knives sticking out from her hands .
the ringleader of the dames was seating on his brown chair with its red cushions , the room was of a royal violet color with red curtains trying to conceal the room from light as best it could , but it was no use , there was nt a place in the world where one could hide from the suns golden light , it ate all the darkness .
he scurried around the oak trees as much as he could to grab a close look of the lad , his mane was violet and eyes red as blood .
with the death of the king of the miwa isles comes the dimming of the violet crystal .
all the magi who could tap the power of the violet crystal are now unable to do so without help from existing runes for that purpose .
when the violet affinity dimmed jarath became even more obsessed with finding ways to restore all the crystals to power .
he questioned his wife and after many days of interrogation found out the baby had been taken to another world using a master of the violet affinity and a portal with a special rune .
the portals stopped working when the violet affinity failed .
only the powerful violet affinity magi can still activate the portals .
the ceremony continued with nothing happening at the last five crystal alcoves of violet , pink , turquoise , white and black .
zafira was not surprised that there was no reaction from these last crystals the violet was a specialization of the blue and had not been active for the last twenty - five years , it was the latest affinity to fail .
when rica looked at the carvings around the violet crystal niche she was intrigued .
the deep violet gave off an eerie purple light and also hummed .
i believe that is why no one has been able to attune to the violet affinity since that fateful day .
rica had never been mugged , beat up , or other wise involved in a violet crime before .
he knew just the one with the faint violet and blue crystals he needed to augment his power for the scrying spell .
yes his affinities were for the yellow and blue but violet had always seemed to enhance his powers nonetheless .
the floor was more black marble with thick intricately woven rugs in blues and violet with a splash or two of other colors here and there .
the drapes were thick velvet like cloth in violet .
restore vitality - light magic violet people with this affinity can create illusions and can have premonitions .
she was dressed in a doublet and hose of a violet color , with aiguillettes of the same color , without any other ornaments than the customary slashes , through which the shirt appeared .
now , as at the moment in which d'artagnyn fixed her eyes upon the gentlewoman in the violet doublet , the gentlewoman made one of her most knowing and profound remarks respecting the bearnese pony , her two auditors laughed even louder than before , and she herself , though contrary to her custom , allowed a pale smile ( if i may allowed to use such an expression ) to stray over her countenance .
he remembered the exact day in april with the budding tulips turning miles and miles of green fields a deep violet .
the outside violet ring began sliding slowly away from the twelve o clock position and untraced in a counterclockwise direction .
the next smaller ring inside the violet one was indigo .
but the indigo band was moving at a faster pace than the outside violet ring had traveled .
her violet eye was still calm .
her violet eyes seemed to be studying something odd about alex .
on crowded streets , all the cars can be scanned with a carbon dioxide laser , and the coated cars will have a bright violet glow .
raymee is the only girl with eyes like dewy violet flowers , mumad speculates .
mumad , ignoring raymees sarcasm , says , i overheard that merchant , danglars , tell uncle that he has travelled the world over , and has never seen eyes the color of violets like wet flowers .
omar says , seeing is believing ; danglars impressed upon us the otherworldliness of her beauty ; but never having seen a violet flower , it was hard to visualize the color he described .
her violet eyes blaze through her veil .
we who were nt olans had to live in the violet abbey , but were kept away from any secrets of church or abbey because we were savages .
she was priestess lanta of the violet abbey .
whispers branded her as one who used her powers for her violet abbey , for the king , even for her own ends .
had she bothered to glance at her reflection in the dull lens as she pulled it free , she might have been surprised to see that her violet eyes had washed a steely silver and that her teeth no longer smiled as usual ; instead they bared themselves at nothing -- a bloodthirsty and rabid wolf .
after a few seconds somebody named violet h responded : violet h : true that then rosemary typed : rosemary mcc : not when you re a perfect .
after a few seconds somebody named violet h responded : violet h : true that then rosemary typed : rosemary mcc : not when you re a perfect .
running to the emergency exit they hit into nobody else than violet .
wha- violet started .
tori asked violet when the group ran by .
no , violet said and left .
a hush had fallen over the elders as i was brought down the aisle and i remember looking to see the one person who d made the whole drama possible and there she was , to my right , as beautiful as ever and , in the light of the five torches signifying the families involved i swear i saw the amazing violet eyes of melissa staring back at me .
her eyes were half closed , open only enough to reveal the startling blue violet of her eyes .
for the first time , the woman turned towards him and he saw her wide violet blue eyes widen in alarm .
in tias face , the blue violet was soft and limpid , serene .
its from the scene in episode ten of season three when my character is trying to help her character hack the school data system and the windows task manager comes up and violet asks , hey what s a rundll32.exe do ?
you and violet are endgame !
the journey by night darkness crept upon them like a great scavenger , and one by one stars dappled the clear violet sky .
the puppies ' large violet eyes gazed up at katy , full of love and trust .
the priests of blue , raise the blue crystal , the violet crystal is raised by the priests of violet , and so on . ''
the priests of blue , raise the blue crystal , the violet crystal is raised by the priests of violet , and so on . ''
seated at the table were teltibane , greybeard , a dark haired girl andrew did n't know , a tall proud elf , and a man in a violet suit , who was in the middle of a heated discussion with the old wizard .
` ` and if it does n't , does the royal house of violet have the high king 's authorization to attack glanedin ? ''
` ` emissary from violet , '' teltibane explained .
she looked at her bruises , which made her look rather like a violet hill than a human .
red is aggression , angriness , green is melancholic or gloomy , blue is dreamy , wistful , black means always something bad , violet is resignation , brown is relaxation , coolness , yellow is tricky and never comes alone .
everything was plain and simple and had cold colours : white and milk violet .
those without a talent or those with little to no amount of power ; are sacrosanct and not to be harmed ; usually servants and salespersons ; color : violet .
this is not the case however with the ultra violet rays hitting glass .
the connection is the thread the spider makes has a special chemical that can reflect ultra violet rays .
hang onsomething else is happening in the centre of the band on terris head , the gemstone had come alive and was now glowing a deep rich shade of violet .
steadily , it began to pulse , growing stronger and stronger until an intense beam of light burst from the centre of the stone and hit the ball full on , splaying across its surface , encasing it in a rich coat of violet .
smoothly and gracefully , they opened , like the petals of an exotic flower , each segment clicking into place at the base , a line of luminescent violet shimmering along the edges , like a cuttlefish .
bathed in the streaming violet light , the crystal segments glistened like an expensive chandelier .
just close your eyes and think violet .
think violet .
eight the archway of brilliant light beyond gullivans field down by the river , an arc of brilliant violet light was flickering in the sky .
at that moment , an arc of brilliant violet light pierced the cold grey of the sky .
and they certainly were nt dinosaurs ; they looked civilised and intelligent , but their faces the two figures standing directly in front were dressed in robes of intense violet , which draped to the ground , a blaze of silver visible between the folds as they waved slightly in the breeze .
from a pyramid - shaped emblem on his robe , a shaft of violet light struck the panel , which began to melt , slowly and thickly like molten wax , drawing evenly away from the centre like theatre curtains , as though someone were pulling cords from within .
a beam of violet light hit the door and it slid silently open .
the object , the only thing remaining of the box they d carried into solomon , was a pyramid of deepest violet , translucent enough to reveal the precious cargo trapped inside .
the outer shell melded into a solid shape , which began to pulse steadily with a deep violet light .
# # # back to table of contents fantasy the blue crystal prologue the westering sky had gone from turquoise to violet with soft trailings of vermilion clouds set like serpentine jewels in the dark purple velvet .
he reached into one of the drawers where he had finally deposited her clothes , and his healed arm reappeared with a pair of jeans and a violet turtleneck .
enormous violet wings spread and the enforcer jumped into the sky without another word .
ethan hurried back to storm - shadows side and wondered where to get the food , before he could ask there suddenly appeared a green orb , like a soul , but this one had a single violet eye staring at him .
her green fists were clenched and her flared nostrils and flat violet eyes were greatly angered .
tears began spilling from the pixies violet eyes .
each had those same skin flaps at their necks , and eyes of too vibrant shades , violet , silver , seafoam green , that shimmered like jewels beneath the war - lit sky .
i saw , amongst the thick , dark - green cow parsnip bushes , with their little umbrellas of white flower clusters hidden on top , and huckleberry plants boasting the sought - after vivid blue berries sagging heavy with juice almost to the ground , there were purple lupine flowers rising up in their vertical clusters , like violet spear heads , and also brilliant three - petal trillium flowers looking like white starfish having crawled up the mountain to lay in the sun .
a couple of days later , tsanana 's finger was purple , not from the infection or ready to fall off , but because of the antiseptic gentian violet .
the sky was turning violet , when my eyelids felt just too heavy to stay open .
grandmother touches her clean crispy new t - shirt , like it has come from the merchandise store in building 302 in a bright color of violet spring flowers .
the holiday was intended for betsy to build a better relationship with horace 's mother , violet .
the first two days went well , that being that betsy and violet kept out of each others way as betsy had spent most of her time at the beach with several new - found friends .
my father went running back to violet and horace when my mothers body was still warm .
` ` everyone but violet .
my father was writing away in the summer room , and violet and i were in the kitchen preparing dinner .
i never saw violet again . ''
when violet died the boy did n't want to come as much .
the only event he could think of was after violet 's funeral .
but as sir reginald went to his bedroom to smarten himself up , he realised that violets funeral had taken place nearly three years ago .
violet lived with her mother in a very rundown slum area .
when violet was six years old their poverty became desperate .
violet and her mother knew there was nt anything else but for violet to go out on the street and beg .
violet and her mother knew there was nt anything else but for violet to go out on the street and beg .
violet had been blind from birth and could nt visualise the abject poverty around her , even in the street where her mother led her to where she would be in the best place to beg .
there was a music festival coming to uptown which violet knew about but did nt give much thought to , after all she did nt think she was very good .
the lives of mother and daughter changed from that day on and violet relished the idea that she was no longer a blind beggar but a singer who gave joy and hope to thousands .
within moments the reds vanished into hues of violet and orange .
the last shafts of violet and pink light glow through the skylights .
between the dust on myself and my clothes the water took on a swirling violet hue .
the violet hue of the well i had bathed in changed ; it was the same luminous blue of the second orb .
she wore a low - cut violet bodice , almost black , which exposed her shoulders and chest almost all the way down to the top of her breasts .
the mans body was covered with a deep violet satin cloak -- the same cloak echo had seen in ulway before they d been distracted by moodeys speech .
i abandoned my post and took off with celeste , who they already considered a threat due to the violet emf she emitted , which was really a weird way to choose enemies when i gave the idea some thought .
we found no violet emf residue .
saraid looked up into simon 's stricken face and captured his light eyes with her own violet gaze .
jane saw over the years growing up how her big sister became a shrinking violet , and was so mad at their mam for making pretty kate feel undesired and undeserving .
they sat in comfort and spoke of simple things while the sky deepened in shade and the clouds varied in hues ; pink , orange , violet , and finally relenting to grey .
the violet blood bubbled as it oozed out of the wounds from both sides of his hand .
he held devlin upright , noticing his flattened and crooked nose oozing violet blood from the nostrils .
kali watched his face transition from tan , to crimson , to a lovely shade of violet .
everything was in a haze of purples and violets .
they have a plan , but a secret from one of their pasts will endanger the mission ; tensions between violet and tibbs over differing moral ideals will heighten ; and moriartys inquisitive nature will draw him to ask : why have nt they met their client ?
` ` the third star is turning violet .
a frown creased his smooth features as he read : nothing is as it seems and christian saw truly , by the wondrous light flashing and winking through the glass , by the soft pink and yellow and bright , clear green and violet that would put a flower to shame , that even the very air he breathed and the plain light of day , was something more magical than he could ever have imagined .
the deep violet of the alpine primrose was so beautiful and touched her so deeply that it almost hurt .
alaise , his mother , was a beautiful being with eyes of violet and hair of bright gold .
they gave no sign that they understood , only looked down on him with eyes that were boldly colored green or blue or violet .
it rapidly flashed with violet light about 2 times .
cratos 's blades glowed violet with power and severed limbs in single swings .
out there in the northern parts , it always felt like winter , but still , the striking sight of green fields under a warm red - violet sky was a pleasure particular to the season .
her chestnut brown hair flowed down her shoulders , and her violet dress complimented her figure .
from the window beside his bed , he had seen pure gold illuminate the skyline , melding into shades of orange , intensifying as it swelled and blended rich pinks and purples before deepening to violet as it shepherded night to day .
red , blue , yellow , orange , violet and green .
the fabled violet clan .
you stopped the alliance between red and violet and not many humans could have done that .
if the reds and violets joined forces , they would be a threat large enough to wipe out the other castes .
men and women alike displayed clothing in colors ranging from somber blacks , blues , and browns to brilliant shades of red , green , yellow , violet , and every shade in between .
as the arrows hit the nymph almost simultaneously in the torso , violet blood shot out of her in the same trajectory as the arrows that pierced her lithe form .
chapter 10 the pre - dawn sky was decorated with low , puffy cumulus clouds , still mostly dull gray against the violet sky but flecked with a tangerine color from the sun 's imminent arrival .
the thin wound on her neck oozed violet blood , an arrow shaft was protruding from her left shoulder , and another ran through the leather and muscle of her right calf ; still , she was poised for another attack .
while she sat there , at a loss for words or action , a glossy black head with dark violet eyes poked through the open window .
they continued to swirl , changing colors , from orange to red to violet , following their conductor 's dancing hands .
she saw a glinting violet eye look back at her .
yet , there was no storm within its huge opening , instead she could see beautiful light dancing with blues and violets .
miras nostrils flared and a violet eye looked at her from beneath a half - closed lid .
watching , antenor was sure he saw a flash of anger in her eyes extraordinary eyes , violet and very large , under strong brows .
her violet eyes had never left him .
i yawned , looking out the curtained window , seeing the violet colored sky blinking with hundreds of stars .
as she padded toward the kitchen , she spotted her roommate , violet , asleep on the couch .
turning to vi , she said , i came in here to get your laundry , miss violet .
poor manners do not become you , violet .
in an authoritative voice the police officer said , violet mcclure and joshua harden , you re out of here .
you d have to shine a blinding light into them to see the violet that they are .
the eye was indeed globular , though this was nt apparent from the concavity of its walls whose size and distance was immense , like a circular horizon of impenetrable blackness but from the lids , two vast , sky - high plates which drew apart slowly and unpredictably , making the mad sphere tremble to its foundations and admitting , for as long as they remained parted , a frantically flickering view of other firmaments : endless stretches of black space studded with brilliant stars , bright blue skies across which fat white clouds chased one another , suns of searing violet setting above worlds of luscious green .
the final moonset had left the sky a deepening violet ; soon it would be dark , and yodren , sighing at the vagaries of life , stood before the window and gazed through the spyglass at the slowly vanishing view .
he chuckled , and opened his mouth in a taunting show of hunger , smacking his lips and drooling , his big violet tongue as long as a dogs till yonfi surprised him , grabbing the tip of his tongue and pulling hard .
the sky , though dark and clouded , had certain patches of violet that reminded raddia of feeriens moonlit dusk , and once more gave her hope that this sun she had come to regard as the most magnificent thing imaginable might in fact be up there , just hiding and waiting to be properly summoned , like a proud ( if not pompous ) guest .
the crystals blazed in red , growing more violet .
orange streaks in the west flamed to reds , blues , and violets , the sparse clouds giving the dusk its soul - inspiring pigments .
he did nt share the same camaraderie with violet redfield .
she marveled at its gentle violet flickers .
grabbing a cup of copper ink , sabina dipped in the needle and added dots and lines , filling in the glass - like cobalt and violet panels with a maze of circuitry .
the flowers were about five to ten inches tall , and each one had thick , multicolored petals with multiple shades of yellow , orange , green , violet .
she smiled sweetly at him , ` ` you looked so cute with the violet pollen on your eyelids , it really brought out the color of your eyes ! ''
the moon was full in its splendor , while the vivid background of violet and green surged in bands of nightd dance .
an exquisite fresh bouquet of pale pink and faint violet lilies , in amongst an array of white tulips were set in the very center of the table .
the violet hued lilies almost looking a touch blue from where she lay .
they radiated an entrancing pearl glow , streamlined of green hues , and vivid royal violet .
stones of glistening splendor , in violet , green , and blue .
the violet and green forms all shading within a dance of winters silver lining .
the backdrop was painted in deep navy , embellished by small fragments of silver , blue , and violet crystals that surged in crisp sharp peaks , and gentle waves of swirls .
while all about her fall , carved into thy glittered soils , were grand stones of blue , of green , and violet .
the skies are of an entrancing pearl glow , streamlined of green hues and vivid royal violet as lyric spoke , tatiana could see all that he described in minds eye .
before their divine eyes hold bright glittered shades of blue , red , violet , pink , green , yellow , orange , and white .
they were streamlined of violet and green , just as his mother had explained , and just as he d seen in his dreams .
angie thought that the moonlight gave his eyes a violet hue .
she was holding an eight foot tall staff made out of dark , twisted wood and the top looked almost like a claw holding a violet crystal .
her violet eyes opened wide .
she might even be picked out by a sudden beam of religiously colored light violet or purple from the stained - glass window , the organ swelling into a crashing triumphant chord .
she had large , deep violet eyes sparkling with life , tilting upward on her face .
* * * the afternoon sky was already turning pink , the eastern horizon turning violet .
i see its source stretching over the gap between the northern hills : brilliant blue and violet , a snaking , twisting crack in a black sky , a spark kilometers long extending cloud to ground .
at the small of my back , a five - inch scar was sealed with scabs and plastic strips , a deep violet bruise blooming around the incision .
the hilltop trees whipped angrily in the wind while violet lightning flashed around the town below .
lyght could see it immediately from the burning violet eyes , if nothing else .
the two leaders of the criminal organization , for those who actually believed in their existence , were always rumored to be elegant - looking twins with a unique shade of burning violet eyes .
a bit of a tomboy when she was younger , still more comfortable around boys than girls , she was anything but a shrinking violet .
you will not find me a shrinking violet when it comes to a fight .
a violet orb appeared over her palm and began to swell .
the violet orb swelled into a giant globe bigger than aurons eedahlan .
she glared , her large dark blue eyes bordering on violet .
streams of icy blue , rays of deep violet , and swirls of milky white and silver , danced within an otherwise empty space .
violet petals turning black as night , and shriveling beneath the darkness made the two of them latch onto one another ferociously .
her violet lenses flashing with excitement .
her lips were a light violet , full and round .
then the color began to change , moving through green , yellow , and red , to violet .
the violet gradually became lighter and brighter .
the shield shattered ; its fragments flashed brightly violet for a moment , softened into mist , and disappeared .
kurag had a parasitic twin who consisted of one violet eye , a mouth , two thin arms , two thin legs , and small , though fully functional genitalia .
the play of soft red , softer violet , bands of gold like the color of his eyes pulsing against the white - white light of his skin was beautiful .
the eye on his shoulder was the color of violets , with long black lashes .
( ... shifting to a dark , somber violet : a dangerous hue , a feeding color .
the entire time he could feel tachyon 's violet gaze on him : judging , appraising , cool .
puppetman laughed , a swirling , nauseous mass of violet and red .
tachyon glared back at gregg with smoldering violet eyes . ` `
tachyon froze , his violet eves wide .
at first , she wondered if she might be hallucinating , wondered if some native pollen had seeped into her nostrils and twisted her sight into some miasma of ebon and violet .
the passages and archways of the hall were choked with rivers of them , pouring out in ever - greater numbers to fight the violet invaders .
clad in flowing robes of violet and red , respectively , they narrowed white eyes at each other from their black wooden thrones .
the scrawny effeminate creature swathed in violet robes looked tiny against the sea of iron skins behind him .
the luminescent violet glow of the kelp and coral was made all the more vivid by the lack of sunlight , painting the sands the color of a dying sky , giving the skeletons an insubstantial flesh , casting a thousand different hues in the reflections of a thousand shattered weapons .
before him , a world the color of a bruise stretched into infinity : great wreaths of violet kelp swaying upon a carpet of sand and bone .
the violet glow of the kelp was no honest light .
the ceiling lights in the limo changed color from violet to blue , then to green and to yellow .
now the sky was dark , and kalanu had not returned , but the night sky was alive with lights , knotting and flickering and winding , flux and pulse , white and green and violet and red .
but her eyes turned deep violet with smug knowledge .
he looked like violet beauregarde after that unfortunate gum incident .
isana saw an explosion of violet sparks raining against azure as the blades of two master metalcrafters clashed , and then a sword 's blade , scarlet with blood , plunged through the planks of the hull beside the opening .
a virtual hurricane of sparks flew up where the blade contacted the portcullis , scarlet and blue and violet all mixed together , and tavi felt the shock of impact lance up through the sword 's blade and into his arm .
streamers of violet fire fell upon the hilltop in what was almost a regular cadence , slamming onto the walls and blasting great gouges from the stones , or from the earth when they struck the ground - and presumably from any aleran unfortunate enough to be beneath one .
on my street alone , you saw azure , mandarin , golden - rod , sienna , violet , and rose hued houses .
just a small sign in violet neon proclaimed twilight .
in any case , his ornaments of office would have lent even a lesser beast enormous gravity : a band of gold was wrapped about the top of his throat , set into a woolen collar with a tasseled fringe in a bright green color which stood markedly against the deep intense violet of his scales , and enormous gold circles had been embedded within his ears , so they hung to the bottom of his jaw .
taruca directed them towards the island 's southern end , where a broad hillside cut with terraces rose up from a series of storehouses at its base , and at the summit a great courtyard where a truly immense dragon slept : longer than kulingile even , and perhaps near him in weight , although that was difficult to tell beneath the feathery scales ; she was burnt orange and violet in her markings , but the scales were faded along their length and nearly grey at the tips , and her eyes , opening as they landed before her , were filmy with age .
under the bright fluorescent light of the hospital waiting room , they looked like pools of violet ink .
eyes fixed on jay ; blaise 's violet and strangely wide , his master 's vague and frightening .
those deep violet eyes blinked once , twice , tried to focus .
there 's a violet coloured window of light next to the mohican man .
terri and sparky were closer now , violet and black eyes glowing supernaturally .
there was a vaguely rincewind - shaped violet shadow , dwindling to a point and winking out .
hrun the barbarian crept soundlessly along the corridors , which were lit with a light so violet that it was almost black .
even in this violet light his skin gleams coppery .
no wonder the horse was moving so swiftly close behind , speeding through the flickering violet light , were a large ominous - looking chest and a picture box that skittered along dangerously on its three legs .
to rincewind 's eyes the world was suddenly lit by a flickering octarine light , tinged with violet as photons impacted on the sudden magical aura .
` ` she calls me violet , ma'am . ''
` ` you ' ve always been a bit of a shy violet , i ' ve always said , '' said nanny ogg .
' have you seen violet lately , igor ? '
' i ' ve only talked to violet a few times , ' she said .
i thought violet was in , ' said the little man .
what 's violet 's full name ?
the last night he was here was the night he was on violet 's list .
' here 's ... let 's see ... aabana bottler ... ' ' i expect violet will be a lot further , ' said the oh god , trying out irony .
susan took out violet 's hourglass and held it up .
' how 're we going to find this violet in all these rooms ? '
' no , i do n't , ' said violet .
said violet .
who brought you here , violet ? '
' you 're more cut out to be one of the important gods , ' said violet , admiringly .
shouted violet .
' i mean , thunderbolts begin with t and wardrobes ... ' violet 's lips moved silently .
said violet , looking over his shoulder .
said violet nervously .
' there are magic wardrobes , ' said violet nervously .
susan looked at violet .
the darkness became a deep purple , shading to violet .
the world ahead shaded towards violet , and the world behind , when lobsang looked round , was the shade of old blood .
' but all the scrolls say you go to blue and violet and into the black and then you hit the wall , ' said lobsang .
' we know the names of three thousand , seven hundred and nineteen foods , ' said mr indigo- violet , stepping forward .
' ten thousand gallons of delicate fondant sugar cream infused with essence of violet and stirred into dark chocolate , ' said chaos .
a violet flaring round the edge of his vision told him that he was suddenly in a little private time and space of his own .
there was a strange violet haze around them .
it was also changing colour , starting with a dull red and then climbing through the spectrum until it was a painful violet .
since he was blue to begin with , this turned him an unpleasant violet color .
` ` er ... hamish says there 's a girl in the long lake clan who 's looking to become a kelda ... er ... it 's a fine clan she 's from ... er ... '' the pictsie was going violet with embarrassment .
7 didn ' t see you doing anything , violet pulsimone !
moist took a large , violet lozenge from the box and sniffed it .
it turned green , ascended through shades of blue , hovered in the violet and then seared into pure octarine .
the light from the shelves did n't so much illuminate as highlight the darkness , but by its violet flicker a watcher might just have identified an ancient and battered desk right under the central dome .
those cold violet eyes of his told her it would have done no good anyway .
she decided to think about other things to distract her and immediately , strange violet eyes came to mind .
sleepy violet eyes looked up at her .
they were also a bright violet .
his dark violet eyes flashed and his twelve - horned head lowered a bit .
wide violet eyes gazed up at her from a tiny brown face surrounded by curly silver hair .
curly silver hair surrounded ful cheeks and stark violet eyes stared at them .
she had the brown skin and long curly hair of talaith 's desert land bloodline , but like her father , her hair was a gorgeous silver and her eyes a vibrant violet .
bright violet and beautiful , long silver hair framing her gorgeous face , brown skin perfect , soft , and completely unscarred .
her violet eyes looked so much like olivia 's but lacked all the warmth and compassion her friend 's possessed .
temeraire nevertheless regarded it with outrage , particularly after she had smugly arranged herself upon the threshold , her coils of vivid red and violet displayed to advantage against the stone , and informed him that he was very welcome to sleep there , if he should feel at all uncomfortable in his clearing .
the sun teased the freckles across my nose and the lightest breeze tossed my hair so i could see the shades of violet dye in the black strands .
' that 's violet .
` ` no , '' she said , her deep violet eyes wider than ever , her voice afraid .
they reminded him of a color he 'd seen on the river , once or twice , at twilight , a strange violet stillness glimpsed only briefly , before darkness came in for good and all .
julian glanced up at the sky ; a deep violet now , shot through with black , a vast bruised and overcast twilight .
for in those vast violet depths , glimpsed so briefly , marsh saw shame and terror ... and thirst .
her pale skin already looked vaguely pinkish , and those big violet eyes seemed small and dim and pained .
weather wardens do not fly under condition violet .
wardens -- particularly weather wardens -- just do n't fly in unsettled systems like these , the ones that trigger a condition violet emergency .
fountains sparkled and flickered , some of them illuminated from below , so that they burned violet or emerald in the darkness , pools of liquid flames .
perhaps they are really weeds of some sort , but they have blossoms in beautiful shades of violet and yellow and white .
he takes a vial from his vest , shakes a few deep violet pills into his hand , and holds them out to us .
it 's a gauzy , violet - tinted world , with no hard edges , and many places to hide .
as they pull me away from him , i feel the pocket ripped from my sleeve , see the deep violet pill fall to the ground , watch cinna 's last gift get crunched under a guard 's boot .
he waited until maneck turned its head a little to the side to better squint at the gordita , exposing the mottled black - and - yellow flesh of its throat , and then he struck - abruptly , he was sprawled on his back on the ground , staring up into the violet sky .
the sky above the forest canopy shifted toward the startling violet of the s ? o paulo sunset .
he watched as they fell into s ? o paulo 's shadow , dimming like someone had flipped a switch until they were only visible by the violet and orange running lights - less obvious , but present just the same .
i let go of my body just enough to shift into oversight , and saw myself flickering gold and violet and red , the mark moving like a nest of worms above my heart .
daerils came in many types , but this one had deep violet skin and arms as thick as tree trunks .
instead of a helm , he wore his publican 's cap and a rich velvet costume of violet and green .
siris scooped out the last bite of goopy violet pie and shoved it into his mouth .
her son 's aura was a healthy dark blue verging on violet , and as the two of them walked past , ralph saw a fascinating thing .
a moment later the violet beam of light disappeared .
as the baby 's dark violet eyes gazed intently at him , silas had the uncomfortable feeling that she had already seen things in her short life that no baby should see .
the baby 's dark violet eyes met sarah 's gaze and she looked solemnly at sarah as if to say , well , now you know .
but six pairs of bright green eyes and one pair of deep violet eyes took in every detail of marcia overstrand .
the stir of energy around her was a deep violet , which meant she really was about to go off the deep end .
thin slivers of red broke through the violet ; the hallmark of arousal .
the air around her was a dark violet , the sign of fear .
serena gasped and her eyes snapped open ; the air around her crackling with reds and violets as she jerked up in bed .
i try blue , and gold , and violet , and red , but none of them will fit .
it makes an english violet seem like a coarse weed . ''
it was variegated in colour like a patch - work quilt - flame - colour , ultramarine , crimson , orange , gamboge , and violet .
and the sea grew ever larger and the mountains less , and the horizon of the sea rose till at the lower mountains behind him seemed to be lying at the bottom of a great bowl of sea ; but ahead , the interminable slope , now blue , now violet , now flickering with the smoke - like upward movement of the ripple - trees , soared up and up to the sky .
there was a faint violet corona around the blade , caused by the draughts in the room driving luckless air molecules to their severed death .
she glared at rhys with her dozen eyes , all ringed with blue , sky blue , cornflower , and violet .
the pale yellow ring around the pool of sparkling blue - green , the thin gleaming line of blue and reddish violet arching over all that color .
the scalloped line of colors flowed down the edge of the rear wings as it did the front - red - violet , white , purple , and reddish brown tracing the edge of all his wings downward past the brilliance of pink and orange to spill on long curved tails so that that last grace of wing was thick with dark stripes of color .
he waited until maneck turned its head a little to the side to better squint at the grasshopper , exposing the mottled black - and - yellow flesh of its throat , and then he struck - abruptly , he was laying on his back on the ground , staring up into the tall violet sky .
the sky above the canopy shifted toward the startling violet of the sandatilde ; o paulo sunset .
` ` violet when he was feeling ... amorous . ''
` ` beige and violet , '' he said , holding them up .
just as mine were the violet of storm clouds gathering .
rich violet .
she wore another of her beautiful power suits , this time in an electric violet that looked stunning with her dark skin .
five minutes later , i stood in front of the mirror once more , this time clad in a silk tank top , deep violet and low - cut , paired with a floral chiffon skirt .
the dress was slinky and sexy , floor - length violet charmeuse with straps that tied around the neck .
they too looked good , but not as good as the violet .
maddie bought the violet dress for me , and i was too glum to protest - which she read as acceptance of my bridesmaid fate .
her wild violet stare leapt from her pale face .
her violet gaze crashed into him .
even more shocking , he had familiar violet eyes .
he glanced at her , the soft drape of dark hair over delicate shoulders , the flashing violet eyes .
as it jetted from her , she saw it , white , gold , and violet mixing in an odd laser - headed for the wrong person .
olivia ... '' she whirled , and the tears glistening in her violet eyes reached right into his chest and ripped out his heart .
the pit of fog had been ignited and burned with blinding violet flame , water was roaring somewhere , buildings crashing , mobs shouting .
miss lillibet and miss violet had let him store a cardboard box filled with old paperback books in their vault , and he wanted to find something to read .
it filled the room for a moment , sheer solid black laced with traceries of blue and violet .
the straps tied behind my neck , and most of my back stayed bare , all the better to show off my tattoos : a woman 's face within a full moon on my neck and a line of violets on my lower back .
i turned my gaze to leith , wondering if my violet eyes had darkened the way storm king 's had when angry .
mei now came to the residence to teach him daily , elegant in an elaborate collar of silver and pearls ; her hide was a deep shade of blue , with dapplings of violet and yellow upon her wings , and she wore many golden rings upon her talons .
violet and orange haze spread across the sky , and temeraire put out his wing a little further to shield the egg a little better from the wind .
it was not possible even from the air to encompass the whole : at different angles it had a wholly different appearance , even as that first intensely glowing color faded , and a twilight cast of violet dampened the domes ' presence , blurring them into the sky .
her beautiful violet eyes were vacant , and her hands hung limply at her sides .
in both cases , a pestilence brought fever , painful breathing , and large violet buboes on the skin .
he remembered standing on the walls of a high fort , cold on the mountaintop , looking down at a long , twisting roadway , broken and shattered , and an army of men with violet pennants charging up the hillside into a rain of arrows .
faile sat like a queen , once again dressed to her station in a fine dress of green and violet , pleated down the sides and divided for riding .
a translucent violet wall that cut directly through the roadway .
perrin found himself thinking about that strange violet wall he 'd seen in the wolf dream .
a patch of violet springbreath grew here , where sunlight could reach the blossoms .
they appeared on the jehannah road , and that strange violet glass wall was there again , slicing the roadway in half , extending high in the air and into the distance in either direction .
as hopper pulled him free of the violet dome , perrin immediately felt his strength return .
he hit the violet dome and immediately went limp , but his momentum carried him to the other side , where he rolled to a stop .
he hurled himself through the violet dome , collapsing on the other side , sending sparks tumbling .
hopper dashed along outside the strange violet dome .
he shifted , appearing knee deep in brown cockleburrs just outside of the violet dome .
yes , there was violet above .
the strange violet dome extended above .
above them , the violet dome had vanished .
perrin shifted to the front of the tunnel into the pit of doom , then stepped in , passing the violet barrier he 'd erected earlier .
he obliged , not that he had much choice ; he came out as a youngish - looking guy , dark - haired , with eyes the color of violets .
chapter twenty - five the violet evening was shining over the hills as we slipped unnoticed into nazareth .
i squinted at them for a moment before i realized his irises were vibrant violet instead of the typical chocolate brown .
the garden was like a fairyland , filled with plants in myriad shades of green and flowers in all the colors of the rainbow - bright reds and blues , violet and lavender , yellow and orange and pink .
even her magnificent violet eyes had dimmed a watt or two .
her violet eyes lit up .
he turned the knob and entered her overwhelmingly purple room lavender wallpaper , dark purple bedcovers , and even a violet lampshade .
he caught a fleeting glimpse of terror as the girls violet eyes grew wide with fear before her face was buried against her arms .
he watched her violet eyes fill with pain and wondered if the cause was justified or just part of her charade .
the bright violet of her eyes rivaled the deep purple of the pansies that bordered the walkway and her thick , dark lashes were in sharp contrast to the milky whiteness of her skin .
sarah stopped her violet eyes wide and innocent as she looked up at him .
then her eyes fluttered open , and in their smoky violet depths he found what he had created ; yearning , desire , confusion .
sarah looked from nicks menacing form to the branch in her hand and back again as her violet eyes grew round .
you must ask for mademoiselle violet , blackwell suggested as the topic turned to the women we paid to satisfy our animal urges .
so i agreed that yes , next time i was at madame layfettes , i would ask for mademoiselle violet .
mostly i speak to her ( clearly mademoiselle violet was not her real name .
i thought that it was an ill omen and perhaps i would nt enjoy my time with mademoiselle violet after all .
switching on the cold - water tap , scooping up handfuls of cold water , and bathing her face , she looked into the mirror , seeing the violet shadows beneath the eyes , the horror in her gaze .
orange hues slipped into the sky , violet skirting the wisps of clouds .
dawn had sloughed off night for a new flesh of violet when an - khi gave up her disturbed sleep .
violets and scarlet and , over all , a blood orange haloes it .
the roads had nearly emptied , but twilight descended into deep violet .
another half were dressed in rich , elaborate satin over flowing with rich , bright , blooming red , violet , yellow , and purple .
besides , the attic rooms of windamere manor covered the top - most floor of the entire west wing , and violet and i had the run of them .
` ` go and rest on the settee , lady violet . ''
` ` good afternoon , lady violet , '' said the stiff butler , pearson .
a male servant confined in a small space with lady violet would tarnish her reputation and be cause for malicious gossip if discovered .
` ` it 's all right , lady violet , '' he said .
` ` all will be explained when we arrive , lady violet . ''
` ` i do believe i like you already , lady violet . ''
all they could possibly know was that lady violet was kept in the attic because it was what she wished .
return to windamere and kidnap the real violet jamieson ?
` ` welcome , lady violet , '' the man in the wheelchair said .
` ` do n't try to turn this into something it 's not , violet .
we 're going to help you , violet .
` ` i believe violet has one last question to ask me . ''
` ` shall we dine , violet ? ''
you must be too , violet .
` ` i think violet was being sarcastic , '' jack said .
` ` sleep well , violet ? ''
` ` i ' m sorry , violet , '' jack said .
` ` be calm , violet , for heaven 's sake ! ''
` ` why did you try to leave , violet ?
` ` you can trust me , violet .
do n't ever call it that , violet , or people will see you as a candidate for the asylum . ''
` ` lady violet , i do believe you 're stalling . ''
` ` we have to try , violet . ''
` ` can you feel it , violet ?
i do n't want to tell you , violet . ''
` ` you wound me , violet . ''
` ` we have an agreement , violet .
` ` i ' m sorry you had to endure such a grim childhood , violet .
perhaps his uncle really did n't wish violet ill , and she would be all right at frakingham , learning to control her talent .
if they proved to be trustworthy , then i would be honest with jack and help him fetch the real violet jamieson .
` ` do n't , violet . ''
` ` does this mean that the lovely lady violet is n't telling me everything ?
` ` violet , i ' m not angry with you .
i should have told him about the real violet jamieson .
` ` what are you getting at , violet ? ''
` ` how do you know what a london slum accent sounds like , violet ?
` ` do n't be like that , violet .
* * * ` ` i can assure you lady violet will be quite safe , '' said the little man with ruddy cheeks and several chins .
` ` violet , i do n't think you should be alone with these men .
` ` are you sure , violet ? ''
` ` of ... '' ` ` go on , lady violet , '' said mr . gladstone in a soothing voice .
` ` tell us what you know of the memories that are blocked , lady violet .
` ` concentrate on this object and my voice , lady violet . ''
` ` not with you , lady violet . ''
` ` i do n't know , lady violet .
besides , violet 's feet are sore . ''
` ` lady violet ! ''
chapter 8 ` ` lady violet , is everything all right ? ''
you may call me violet . ''
` ` are you all right , violet ?
i ' m glad i could be of service , lady violet . ''
` ` the hypnotist did indeed say violet 's memories were blocked , but he could do nothing to clear it , '' jack said .
` ` you do n't need to fear me , violet .
` ` i ' m sorry , violet .
` ` but '' ` ` do you need to know everything , violet ? ''
` ` i ' m glad you ' ve come to see me , violet , '' he said .
it was a shame you had to witness his temper , violet .
` ` let go of my chair , violet . ''
` ` you ca n't leave , violet , '' langley said .
you ca n't leave , violet .
` ` the important thing is that you did n't fall asleep , violet .
` ` tell us what happened up there , violet .
` ` violet , stop , '' he whispered , kneeling in front of me beside his cousin .
` ` you got angry , violet .
you know , violet .
` ` tell me what happened next , violet , '' jack said , his voice urgent .
i would escape and warn violet .
` ` no , violet , '' langley said , his thick brows plunging into a frown .
chapter 11 ` ` violet ? ''
let violet ask hers first . ''
` ` i originally sent him to london to make sure violet did n't escape . ''
as well as the meeting you had with your friend , he told me everything the gladstone fellow told violet . ''
` ` you owe me an explanation , violet . ''
miss levine , lord wade and violet '' ` ` violet ? ''
` ` you 're our guest as much now as you were when we thought we had lady violet .
` ` you told me that lady violet was the one with red hair , '' jack said to langley .
` ` so why take me and not the real violet jamieson ? ''
what was the real lady violet like ?
` ` tell me what role violet played in my kidnap . ''
` ` because when it was revealed that you were n't lady violet , my reaction may have made it seem as if i were ... '' ` ` disgusted ? ''
but violet ?
did she look like lady violet ? ''
and a yard each of gold and violet .
the violet glow slowly traveled down the tree to nellys bare wand .
around her neck hung a delicate string of pearls , and her hair was swept back in a long french twist entwined with blue violets , revealing dainty pearl drops hanging from each ear .
he followed the long violet carpet laid along the aisle to the front of the church .
* * * * * * * * * three days later , judith hummed in her tent , laying out her pattern papers on a length of beautiful violet patterned silk , which she had spread out carefully on her bed .
contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 other books by kate whitsby connect with kate whitsby chapter 1 you know i do nt approve of your mail - order husband idea , violet .
yes , i know you have young men in mind for us , violet returned .
cornells head shot up and he gaped at violet .
you better do it , violet snapped .
i do nt believe i m hearing this from you , violet .
even through the window , violet heard the shouts and whistles of the cattle punchers urging the animals forward .
after her parents died , cornell took over the management of rocking horse ranch as well as the guardianship of violet and her sisters .
so violet always treated him as a third parent .
but when he decided to arrange their marriages , violet began to question her loyalty to cornell .
i only came in to ask violet when she wants to leave for butte .
when do you want to leave , violet ?
as soon as you re finished working , violet replied .
but i think violets plan for us to get mail - order husbands is a sensible one , and i m willing to go along with it .
violet , you find rose .
good , violet exclaimed .
you do nt know what iris is made of , violet told him .
all the time , violet shot back .
he stared at violet .
what has gotten into you , violet ?
i ve always backed you before , cornell , violet agreed .
but , violet .
i agree with you , violet replied .
lets just hope that does nt happen , violet replied .
then lets just hope for the best , violet told her .
that s different , violet replied .
its not as bad as that , violet insisted .
either way , violet pointed out .
chapter 4 iris ran up the stairs with her fringe flying , and violet went to the kitchen to hunt up rita , the cook .
rose snapped out of her trance when violet entered the room .
i am , violet replied .
i just had a confrontation with cornell about this whole mail - order husband business , violet explained .
i just want to make sure you do nt have any second thoughts about our plan , violet continued .
you know i wo nt weaken , violet , rose assured her .
you know you can count on me , violet .
in spite of all her assurances , violet never fully trusted rose .
violet did nt like being forced to count on rose but the three sisters had to form a united front against cornell to bring this triple marriage to fruition .
rose smiled at violet , and they went downstairs together .
violet glanced right and left when they reached the passage , but rose did nt give the surroundings the slightest consideration .
she followed violet to the kitchen , where they pinned on their hats before going out into the yard .
whatever violet said would ring amiss with one of them .
i just ca nt believe that , violet exclaimed .
i told you before , violet replied .
well , at least tell us something about him , violet told her .
well , there is nt much there to let us know how hell react to you running the ranch , violet observed .
but did nt you tell me before , violet pointed out .
i sure hope you re right about all this , violet exclaimed .
chapter 6 something in roses tone struck violet as odd , and she glanced over her shoulder at her youngest sister .
violet barely discussed the merits of mail - order husbands with rose to win her consent to the plan .
she flatly agreed to everything violet suggested , right down to the methods they should employ to deal with cornell .
her compliance irked violet more than anything .
rose said she did nt ask jacob hamilton his age , but violet could nt question her about anything else she knew about her prospective groom .
rose would only find a polite way of making violet feel guilty for prying into her personal business .
a chill raced down violets back .
i ca nt believe you would be so heartless , iris , violet exclaimed .
violet was just about to protest again when rose piped up .
* * * * * * violet could nt believe what she was hearing .
or was it only violet who dare nt make a move against cornell ?
before she knew it , violet saw the town of butte in the distance .
as much as violet looked forward to getting off the ranch and into town , butte disappointed .
iris flushed , and violet stepped in .
the blood rushed to violets cheeks .
he and violet shook hands , still laughing at themselves .
chuck stood as tall as violet , and his square shoulders filled out his clean cotton shirt .
his light brown eyes cut through violets embarrassment .
now that he stood upright in front of them , violet saw him clearly for the first time .
without waiting for a reply , he stuck out his hand to violet .
yes , violet replied .
the sisters started across the street toward the hotel , and violet fell in step next to rose .
roses big limpid eyes threw violet into confusion , and she lost the sense of what she wanted to say .
i just did nt want you to be worried , violet repeated .
chapter 8 violet hesitated at the swinging doors .
the place is full of men , violet explained .
the sisters turned around , and only a mighty effort prevented violet from gasping in surprise at what she saw .
he and rose kept smiling at each other as violet struggled to hide her distress .
violet exchanged looks with iris but from the very first moment , rose and jake only had eyes for each other .
even standing at a distance from him , violet noticed the bulging knuckles on the big mans hands and the polished leather of his gun belt .
chuck ahern was the only one of the three violet wanted around the ranch .
somewhere in the back of her mind , violet recognized even then a fundamental similarity between rose and jake .
violet never met anyone quite like rose before she met jake hamilton .
we call it the fort house , violet told him .
funny you should ask , violet answered .
that s right , violet replied .
that s just what we were discussing , violet replied .
i ca nt believe you would be so unkind to a man who s dedicated so many years to our well - being , violet exclaimed .
but he has nothing to gain by ruining the ranch , violet protested .
i ca nt understand why you would hold such a vindictive opinion of cornell , violet exclaimed .
i ve already told violet and rose this , and i m putting my foot down on it .
if violet absolutely refuses to send cornell packing , then you and rose can wrestle over the main house .
violet snuck a glance over her shoulder and saw rose and jake still staring at each other in silence .
if anyone but rose sat in that back seat , violet would have invited her into the discussion on cornell and the bird house .
you order rita around in the house , violet .
except you re a woman telling two men what to do , violet shot back .
but when she saw iriss embarrassment , violet regretted joking at her expense .
what time is it , violet ?
rose mentioned on the way to town this morning that she would like to live there with jake , violet told him .
i know just what you mean , violet exclaimed .
we are nt going to the altar , violet told him .
sure , i do , violet replied .
here came iris and mick out of the barn together , and the tread of footsteps on the stairs inside the house jerked violet out of her reverie .
even though she knew in her heart iris was right , violet still could nt resign herself to support their plan to serve cornell with his marching orders .
at the same time , mick and iris strode up the hill and stopped right in front of chuck and violet .
one passing glance at her sisters showed violet they d each shared a moment of connection with their future husbands the same way violet had with chuck .
one passing glance at her sisters showed violet they d each shared a moment of connection with their future husbands the same way violet had with chuck .
the three sisters watched him , iris in admiration , rose detached , and violet frozen in astonishment .
yet the minor addition to his wardrobe changed him in violets eyes .
still , something told violet these were no ordinary cowboys handling the tools of their trade .
i m sure i do nt , violet replied .
he caught violets eye and glanced away .
before we go , violet interrupted .
cornell thinks he s the one who makes all the decisions around here , but its actually violet who decides who does what and when and where .
its a waste of money , violet insisted .
violet blushed to the roots of her hair .
that s how far violet goes to keep him happy .
the three men stared at violet with new appreciation .
only about halfway down the hill violet heard the door of the fort house shut behind them .
i m still working , violet , cornell replied .
you should know us better than that by now , cornell , violet told him .
the blood rushed to violets cheeks and her eyes blazed at the memory of chuck outside the fort house .
i do nt think that will happen , violet , cornell insisted .
i do nt want to see the light , violet declared .
you do nt mean that violet trailed off .
cornell pointed his finger into violets face .
i m holding you personally responsible for this fiasco , violet .
you have nt even met chuck , violet retorted .
she meant the question as a joke , but the minute the words passed her lips , a terrible chill froze violets heart .
yes , it is , violet told him .
they are nt your husbands yet , violet , cornell growled .
no , but they will be , violet declared .
if violet judged rightly , all three were marrying their fairy - tale princes , their hearts true and destined sweethearts .
when he peeked up at her again , he pointed into the house , and violet nodded .
chapter 16 violet never flew so fast as she raced away from that window .
oh , i just mean meeting you for the first time , violet explained .
even at a distance from him , violet felt him stiffen .
i went to the library to find out if he was still working in there , and he was , violet told him .
i hope you understand , violet exclaimed .
that was the door by the back parlor , violet whispered .
this is the library , violet told him .
this is cornells office , violet explained .
its nice to be alone together , just for a little while , violet breathed chuck nodded , his eyes probing into hers .
something banged in the distance and violet jolted in shock again .
chuck took violet by the hand and never let her go .
she lifted her head and smiled at violet and chuck , but she did nt noticeor took as wholly naturaltheir joined hands .
he s in a fine stew about our mail - order marriages , violet told her .
so they d spent some time alone , just like chuck and violet .
violet stole a glance across the table and spied jake gazing at rose again , but rose kept her eyes down on the table in front of her .
when violet looked at chuck , and he smiled at her .
jake and mick raised their eyebrows at violet .
rita runs the kitchen , but when it comes to her plum cake , violet does everything herself .
its violet and iris doing everything .
you re here with us now , violet reminded her .
you do nt have anywhere near as hard a time as violet has , covering her tracks around the house .
he probably wo nt even attend the wedding , violet replied .
like i told you before , violet told her .
nothing like that , violet told him .
they might not be family to you , violet , iris shot back .
the company shifted in their seats , and violet jumped in to change the subject .
i do nt think that s such a good idea , violet replied .
i did , violet replied .
he made a terrible stink about our marriages when i found him in the library , violet explained .
that s what i said , violet told him .
he said he could and he would , violet replied .
what did you say to him , violet ?
i told him about our conversation in the buggy , violet replied .
good for you , violet , iris exclaimed .
he would nt even come here tonight to meet you , violet told him .
that s what i told him , violet related .
at last , his eye settled on violet .
i do nt think i can do that , violet replied .
but you do nt even know him , violet pointed out .
chapter 22 violet heard the clock chime in the back parlor .
chuck and violet meandered out of the dining room and back to the front door .
where are you going at this hour , violet ?
we were just going out for a walk in the moonlight , violet explained .
i suppose violet told you that already that i disapprove of your presence here .
you re in no position to order anyone to do anything , violet snapped .
i think you misunderstand the situation , violet , cornell replied .
you ll do no such thing , violet shot back .
chuck matched him by taking a step of his own forward , and he thrust his arm between cornell and violet to block the older mans move .
cornell put his foot on the first step to drag her upstairs , but the finality of the move jolted violet out of her helplessness .
with one deafening bellow , he swung his arm with the hand at the end balled into a fist and clubbed violet to the floor .
something snapped in violets mind .
but violet did nt stop there .
cornell lapsed into hollow grunting underneath her and probably would have died on those stairs had chuck not pulled violet off him .
i do nt know what on earth made cornell act like that , violet remarked .
chuck asked violet shook her head again .
i mean , violet explained .
listen to me , violet .
i know a place , violet told him .
do nt worry , violet assured him .
chapter 25 they tiptoed up the steps to the porch , and violet opened the door .
i have , violet confirmed .
i do nt know , violet faltered .
it is nt that , violet replied .
i know you re right , violet replied .
i guess i just do nt know him , violet remarked .
i m glad you think so , violet told him .
that s the truth , violet replied .
it sounds like all of us are lovestruck , violet remarked .
you could talk to iris , too , violet suggested .
you really can trust her , violet insisted .
that s what they said , violet replied .
i guess so , violet replied .
i hope he does , violet agreed .
hell just keep throwing himself at us until he breaks himself , violet continued .
i should nt be telling you this , violet remarked .
stay here , violet insisted .
yet violet could nt fault herself for any of her actions , not even smashing cornells head into the stairs .
chucks description of his two comrades conflicted so deeply with her impressions of them that violet wondered if he might be mistaken .
the refreshing breeze that just bathed her burning cheeks and forehead turned into a cutting wind , and violet wrapped her arms around herself to keep warm .
the person almost ran straight into violet , and only skidded to a halt when she called out , chuck !
i m not staying out here alone while you go in there , violet snapped .
wait a minute , violet whispered .
maybe it was nothing , violet whispered .
cornell decided who violet kilburn was .
cornells been shot , violet told him .
i do nt know , violet replied .
i would appreciate it , mick , violet replied , if you would go out to the bunk house and wake up pete kershaw .
there s no need to , violet replied .
half of his head is gone , violet shot back .
we ca nt do anything with him until the sheriffs seen him , violet replied .
it only makes sense , violet replied .
he was nt exactly young , you know , violet reminded her .
i stared at his hand without making any movement towards the violet .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
by the time he passed that fruit , he was well into eggplant , his face such a dark pressurized violet natassia was sure the mans head was about to pop like a dropped water balloon .
before the sun dipped below the black mass of kettleness , standing boldly athwart the western sky , its downward way was marked by myriad clouds of every sunset colour , flame , purple , pink , green , violet , and all the tints of gold , with here and there masses not large , but of seemingly absolute blackness , in all sorts of shapes , as well outlined as colossal silhouettes .
he twitched , forcing the veil from his eyes , and gazed at the canopy above , repulsed by the vibrant greens , reds , and violets .
the white pattern was placed in one of the crystal bulbs , and the heavy violet gas -- which must have been disassociated protons and electrons from the disrupted limestone -- was allowed to fill the bulb through one of the numerous transparent tubes .
then twilight fell , and the pink walls of the plastered gables turned violet and mystic , and little yellow lights floated up one by one from old lattice windows .
` ` violet said you are and i believe her . ''
just a freezing spell violet taught me .
` ` so you do know violet ! !
` ` not really , but whatever violet has done only made my plans move a lot quicker .
` ` i did n't come to you dumbass i came to find violet !
i never should have backed down from trying to go find violet 's sister .
` ` violet ! !
i feel the dagger violet wields plunge into my side .
i do n't believe violet had a chance to even see me coming .
does she remember meeting violet ?
she said she did nt know a violet .
i came to see violet on top of the bed ready to impale you and desmond attached to a wall .
its looks to me that violet wanted him out of the way to get to you .
if it was nt for desmond , violet would never have known about me or cared .
not hesitantly but eagerly this time i leant forward to kiss her , and now my target was not her forehead but those parted violet lips .
the upper surface of each tier was now lit from within like a ring of stained glass , to reveal abstract lines and pinpoints of aquamarine , turquoise blue , violet , and neon pink .
the flame colour was gone , replaced by an intensely painful white bordered with violet : she could feel it like a torch against her face .
grandmas sheets and blankets smelled of old people and sweet violet cologne .
she noted the sky had deepened to violet .
brine dropped his gaze from the big mans face and let it droop like a violet on a cloudy day .
but that did nt explain the fog that oozed along the ground , shining bleakly with opalescent flecks of blue and green and violet .
thunder and lightning lashed out another jab , split the sky with a fractured bolt of neon violet .
` ` violet , ma'am .
jones ' eyes narrowed with her frown as she thought about what violet said .
it was a question grandma asked violet shaydes at least once a day .
cyclops stirred himself , yawned , stretched , looked at violet with his one beady eye and promptly dozed off again .
it would n't surprise violet if her grandmother had indeed dipped her toe in the gay pool .
' no thanks , i already have ... ' this was n't a conversation violet intended to continue .
racket , the three legged alsation , did n't even flick his tail as violet stepped over him on the back step .
the cacophony of chickens from the sixty - six chevy , had violet thinking strange thoughts of herself wielding an axe and chicken curry .
now then , violet .
ok . ' violet was determined to bring the family to order , so she thumped the kitchen table .
' bloody hell , violet , ' said grandma .
exasperated , violet said , ' your point being ? '
' it was his tongue ... ' violet shuddered .
' no , ' said violet .
' gimee strength , ' said violet .
' right , ' said violet .
' but they 're dead , ' said violet .
' wonderful , ' said violet .
chapter 3 when anybody knocked on the door , it was with a certain amount of trepidation that violet answered it .
relieved that grandma was n't awake and in her place on the swing - seat on the porch , violet glanced behind her , to make sure her mother was n't being natural in her own tiny world .
the money would certainly be useful , thought violet .
mrs alsop hurried out of the door , leaving violet staring at the piece of paper .
' do come in , violet .
this was dodgy ground , violet realised .
because , i ' m helping violet find a haunted house to sell to mrs granger . '
' we can make some good money with this job , ' said violet .
violet was already on her laptop , checking the area out .
i mean , yes they are , but not like rats or ... ' violet watched as the cockroach almost made it to the top of the trash - bin , then it fell off .
this old house could be worth something and if violet could find a buyer , they could all do well out of it .
chapter 7 ' this is the one , ' said violet , parking the car .
' at the right price , ' said violet .
' i think we have a problem , ' said violet .
chapter 8 as sally admired the bottle green window frame , violet broke the news to mrs granger .
' i have one on speed - dial , ' said violet .
' do n't look at me , ' said violet .
chapter 9 a little after eight the next morning , victor was driving off to mrs granger 's house to carry on with the painting and violet was busy on her laptop when her naked mother walked in .
maybe ... ' violet 's face suddenly lit up .
chapter 10 it was probably unfortunate that father o'leary did n't call violet back until three in the afternoon .
violet recognised the lime green and rust covered volkswagen beetle as she parked behind it .
o'leary went inside ; violet was n't so stupid .
a knife hovered in the air , turned to face violet and flew at her .
' jane , ' said violet .
jane got up and ran to the front door and violet followed her outside .
jane joined violet and stared through the window .
jane looked up at violet .
they went back inside and violet sat on the sofa with jane .
' it seems jane 's being bullied at school , ' explained violet .
the bovis 's thanked o'leary and violet who went out to leave the family to sort out their house and their lives together .
' never mind that , ' said violet .
' anything will be an improvement , ' said violet .
' i 'll bring fish and chips home with me , ' said violet .
' no way in hell would that place go for that much now , ' violet muttered to herself .
' so am i , ' said violet .
they listened , violet holding her breath .
' i really have to go , ' said violet .
' i 'll do my very best for you , ' said violet .
chapter 13 ' i hope you got more paint on the walls than you did on yourselves , ' said violet , rescuing the fish and chips from the warm oven .
' fingers crossed , ' said violet .
' i did n't let on i knew about the ghosts , ' said violet .
after a quick call to mrs alsop in the morning , violet walked down victory crescent and into crabtree lane , then walked up the new path of number twenty - nine and knocked on the door .
all three looked at violet as she walked in .
' hi , violet , ' said harmony .
harmony was a slightly glowing blue light and violet could see right through her .
' sorry , ' said violet .
the alsop 's and elizabeth listened to violet 's account of events .
' it looks a lot tidier than it did , ' said violet .
give violet the money .
' i do and i am , ' said violet .
in the morning , violet had bought the paint and handed it to him with a new brush .
they walked up the path and violet rang the bell .
she had a barely controllable twitch going on with her face which did n't go unnoticed by violet .
compared to granger 's old place , this was a palace and violet could tell from her expression granger realised it was a good property .
mrs granger went back into the lounge as violet and mrs farmer were coming back from the garden .
asked violet .
both violet and farmer gasped at the low figure .
' it could have been a lot worse , ' said violet .
' oh , right , ' said violet .
' hi , ' said violet .
the foreman looked at violet 's small car , the roll of carpet and sally 's prominent nipples .
' i call that a result , ' said violet .
chapter 18 violet worked her magic on her trusty laptop , uploading the photos to the online property site , writing the blurb , organising her sales campaign for mrs granger 's property , sorting out the legal forms for the farmer property .
she would call violet and arrange something .
we 'll just be ... ' ' having a chat with mr farmer , ' offered violet .
chapter 21 violet wasted no time in getting the paperwork sorted out .
later , violet sat on a stool on the porch keeping grandma company .
chapter 22 violet shaydes did open her eyes .
after a shower and power dressing , violet had the kitchen to herself , the others still in bed .
deep breath , violet .
' shaydes real estate , violet shaydes speaking .
uncharacteristically , violet was frozen to the spot and speechless .
simon was looking at violet when he said it .
they went into the kitchen , violet 's heart beating faster as they stood closer together in the small room .
' built in wardrobes , ' said violet .
' so , ' violet said .
chapter 24 violet did n't recall the drive to mrs alsop 's house .
' out with it , violet .
you need all that money to buy the other house , ' said violet .
' and single , ' said violet .
three washes with anti - frizz shampoo and copious amounts of conditioner , were wasted on the brown thatch on violet 's head .
not the first time had violet heard that and she replied , ' gee whiz , mom .
' this is just about business and a pleasant evening , ' said violet .
it was his his eyes , violet decided .
simon sipped his wine , then he took hold of violet 's hand .
reluctantly , violet ventured into the realms of property speculation .
simon gently stroked violet 's cheek .
they drove home in silence until they pulled up outside violet 's home .
there was an anxiety in simon that violet had n't felt before and it worried her .
' too easy , ' said violet .
' i wanted him to kiss me , ' said violet .
on the verge of tears , violet said , ' i wish i could . '
again violet deleted it .
' i ca n't keep ignoring him , ' said violet .
' ok , ' said violet .
he took off his dust mask and goggles and looked at violet .
the men on the steps were looking from simon to violet and back again .
it 's just ... violet .
' that will do for me , ' said violet , when they came up for air .
' thanks , ' said the glowing , elated violet .
well done , violet .
what is it , violet ? '
the implications of that story was the potential end to violet 's love - life dry spell , which had lasted long enough to put the sahara down to a size that would fit into an hourglass .
at eleven o'clock the following morning , mrs granger and violet pulled up in their cars outside simon granger 's house in fairmouthe .
simon took violet 's hand and led her into the kitchen and he closed the door behind them .
simon wrapped his arms about violet and kissed her .
violet and simon were just getting out of violet 's car as carling drove away .
violet and simon were just getting out of violet 's car as carling drove away .
' and i ' m going to sell them for us , ' said violet .
and my word , violet shaydes .
' love , ' said violet .
' well , ' said violet .
' we have to get going , ' said violet .
very different from violet and her family , but the ghosts are fun .
dolarns eyes matched his fathers in their color of violet ; the sadness in them a direct reflection of his fathers eyes .
the medicine cabinet held a library of cologne , most violet , crimson and black .
he took a silver sphere of ultra violet light and slung the device against the ceiling .
when the haze the beam had created cleared , the man 's gaze was a fiery violet .
hughes exclaimed , the woman 's bloodied face rising to reveal fiery violet eyes in her skull .
through the dark visor over his eyes , a faint glow could be seen ; white with just a touch of violet .
the sky above it was now a dark , brightening violet instead of black .
there was aloe vera ; sea lavender with its bursts of tiny yellow flowers ( each possessing a tiny heart of deepest violet ) ; inkberry with its long spade - shaped leaves ; and my favorite , sophora , which common plants of the florida coast also identified as necklace - bush , for the tiny podlike necklaces that grow on its branches .
i had a moment to see those huge violet eyes , like an easter surprise in a face that was somewhere between beautiful and handsome .
there was a ventilator stack on the roof , and it shot the glare skyward in irregular bursts , like smoke - signals made out of pure violet light .
of course he did : a waxing violet glow that was spilling out of the car 's windows and seeping up through the crack which outlined the trunk - lid and went spilling down the buick 's sides like some thin radioactive fluid .
it was vanishing , dissolving into that stormy bubble of rising violet light .
from above alan 's closed hand , bright rays of radiance blue , red , green , orange , deep - hued violet - struck out in every direction .
he went back through the warmly lighted house and looked at it - the kitchen table , the stove , the dining room bureau with the teacups hung from the runner above it , the african violet on the mantel in the living room - he felt a warm surge of love for it , a surge of protectiveness .
daddy 's divorce thoughts were more complex , colored dark violet and shot through with frightening veins of pure black .
the violent violet volkswagen was there and danny had begun to push it rapidly back and forth .
a crumpled sheet of violet ladies ' stationery , a ghost of perfume still clinging to it beneath the musk of age , a note begun and left unfinished in faded blue ink : ` ` dearest tommy , i ca n't think so well up here as i 'd hoped , about us i mean , of course , who else ?
his woman , a pretty little thing with eyes like violets , came next .
on the ledge was a faded african violet and a picture of jesus christ - it was the sort of picture of jesus his mother favored , with christ looking as if he was ready to bat dean - up for the new york yankees or something of a similar clean and athletic nature .
he looked at the african violet , at the aging picture of jesus , baffled and afraid .
that was all he had time to think before his mother 's arms were around him , her violet sachet strong in his nostrils , and she was whispering : ' thank god , johnny thank god , thank god you 're awake . '
the blue of his eyes had darkened to a near violet , and he seemed far away .
but there is an odd violet glow in the place , a perverse warmth that does not seem to jibe with the bitter grey outside .
she had chosen the violet knee - length skirt of some artificial fabric or other , matching jacket , plain white cotton blouse , and her best sunday shoes .
the table had a white cloth and three candles , two white and one violet .
the rain drop acted as a prism and refracted red , yellow , blue and violet colours across the front of louies house .
penelope was covered in elfin daisies of all colours , yellow , pinks , reds , blues and violet .
the cicada skins were similar to a hard thin transparent plastic and had factor 30 + properties to protect the little eyes from ultra violet radiation .
if you do nt believe that cicada skins filter out ultra violet radiation , just think with all the time cicadas spend singing in the sun , when was the last time you saw a sun burnt one .
chapter 41 : violet well , it fits .
zeke and his sidekick violet .
its violet .
zeke and violet ?
zeke and violet looked ahead of them at rick .
you can think of a way to pay me later , eh violet ?
oh , i mean violet .
timothy just grunted as he looked at violet .
timothy , violet came over quickly .
timothy , violet sighed .
he glanced at violet .
just one , violet said .
i ' m not stupid , violet said .
i arranged it , violet smiled .
if you can stand the pressure , violet chuckled .
he eagerly smirked at violet .
well , violet , can you stop jumping around so much ?
even if was nt quite his shari , violet would not be a horrible substitute .
with violet and i both watching , everything will be fine .
he walked off toward violets house to see if she needed a hand , but saw her lifting her own couch over to him .
i m carrying a couch on my back , violet laughed .
well with the identity of being only known as your sidekick violet , only those seeing me in person would know now .
just got excited , violet patted his arm that caught her .
` ` i will , i ' m not here to corrupt anyone , '' violet said as she rubbed her pendant .
would having the secret identity of violet help keep the unpleasant out ?
how far would he go to try and get violet back ?
he just hoped beyond hope that violet would not bring any more trouble to the peaceful town they were protecting .
the hotter she got the colder he became , watching as she turned violet , sweat pouring from her brow , soaking her apron .
but his freedom was tempered by vernon , not to mention vernon 's three wives , valery , veronica and violet .
they thought as one in the huddle , minds equally motile , bodies uniform as a single heart beating : valery , veronica and violet .
thanking the woman , violet adjusted her burden and traipsed in the given direction , grimacing as she clambered on the moving stairway at the thought of blood ruining her new moleskin cape .
aunt violet 's face goes all mushy .
` ` violet forever ! ''
do you know how well can i hide in ... in ... in violet flowers ? ''
bushes with glowing violet leaves no longer surprised him .
a violet cancer said and wandered away into the lake .
their mouths are bright - red paint on chalk - white faces and their hair is scarecrow - like and green , orange , violet or blue .
cries kos , adjusting his violet wig .
those are obviously soft violet !
johnnie urged , his stinging cheek turning violet .
she had picked out her mothers favorite outfit for hera violet silk dress that mrs . spinoza had made herself .
grudging of gullet and sideboard of stomach , each evening her husband had left violet to her three night curlers and sewing to worship the double blanks and backslapping crudity at the crumbling legion .
with her teeth in varnish and mind in transit , violet remembered with wistful tears the time she had first come to blinkington - on - the - treacle with her father , a widowed osteopath .
it was summertime when stan , the local pram welder , popped the question and pledged his breath to violet .
hanging in the v was a platinum necklace graced with a single violet tinged antique diamond , which at auction would bring somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 500k .
tucked in the back of his violet thomas pink tie was an apple ipod nano .
he rose to cross the street , breaking into a slow jog at one point to avoid an oncoming lime - green volkswagen beetle driven by a small asian guy wearing a dallas cowboys hat and who had selected a violet tulip for the little holder built into the dashboard .
they heard monique giggle on the other end , doing the french giggle thing , which is very sexy , and then george said , i take that to be gale , the shrinking violet of your team ?
then george was up and across the circle and the dog had to get out of the way , and there was a big hug , and then sody did the same , and then monique gave her a hug and a kiss on the lips , which gale saw and did nt like , and then roger got in the act , him not being a shrinking violet where beautiful women are concerned , and then laleh , who wondered just what wegs did look like without the jeans on , that was a new fantasy for her , and shimmey got his ass out of the chair and got a hug from the new babe , all this babism becoming overwhelming for a person of his wimpy writerly constitution , and finally jinny , who had to look up at her , as he did with most women , got his share of the pie , and was thankful for it .
as mentioned , blistov was a follower , not a leader , but he also was jacked up about this project , and he was not a shrinking violet .
the normally green numbers turned blue then a faint violet .
sighing , she leaned against a juniper tree and looked back at the dull , ruddy glow of the bonfire and a dozen smaller campfires , the colour somehow comforting under the deep violet - black of the vast night sky .
it existed in surreal shades of black and blue with overlapping indigos and violets .
also , his flesh was yellow and his dark blue jacket had turned a dull violet .
he s tipton the efficient and friendly civic booster , but also clemente , the flaming latino who sthpeeksth like deesth with an andalusthian leesthp and violet , the bitch who lies and responds to teary guests with stone silence and angry little questions like so , you think i m supposed to do what ?
the tourist arrives later that evening at my house as a guest who then proceeds to tell me he and his wife will be staying only one night and that he spoke with violet the travel agent and she said he could have the room for $ 85 for the night .
i act really nice and say , hhmm , that s not what violet told me , but she may be mistaken , let me call her so we can straighten out the mix - up .
he had nt figured on my being able to get a hold of violet at 7 pm .
hi , violet ?
ok .. hello , violet .
he barely gets a word in because violets feeling pretty mouthy and his face colors as it nods up and down .
thus i come out of the fracas unsullied and i actually pick up extra points as the nice ( by comparison with nasty violet , ) innkeeper who has the best interests of his guests at heart .
but the being that was the warehouse was being destroyed , with every ultra violet ray breaking down its physical structure .
a smidgen of lime , a dab of gold and just a touch of violet .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
behind him the yellow sun dipped below an ocean as dull and featureless as the bare ground he had crossed , a surface now tinged violet , shaded with false rivers of crimson , the red sun ascending a sky less blue than pink .
ancient as she was , her face was made up startlingly , with thick white power , circles of crimson rouge , thick crimson lipstick , and violet eye shadow .
the clouds were deepening , becoming a rich , nightly violet , quietly snuffing the light .
at the other end , beneath its haze of violet blooms , the wisteria was gnarled and tangled .
the plant he acquired the day previous grew and emanated a cold but faint violet light .
taking a taxi to the remembered address he approached the door , picked the lock using a string of violet pearls , walked the short length of the hall , reading from the glinting dust that renny had not been home for some days ; confirmation of an earlier hunch , when , the previous morning , the sun had briefly ceased to move across the sky .
they ducked under a conveyor heavy with refuse , burdened with various relations of death , and found themselves , whether with eyes closed or open , in a place where many sets of steps converged , sweeping in a twisted downward helix , the red of each knotted stair transmuted via spectral deformation into greens and violets , ambers and blues , the mass effect a colour vortex , the floor as if melted and sunk , moulded through heat into a spiralling chimney of living metal .
uncomfortably , maureen nails oleary studied the rainbow across her long acrylic fingernails , wondering if she should reverse the colors and begin the sweep of violet to bright red from the right instead of the left .
her usually blue aura was darkening into a violet with a reddish tinge .
gails aura turned various colors as she talked , from light greens to blues to violets , a constant array of light , subdued colors .
the sky was a rolling spectrum of blues , going from violet to light blue from east to west , and when hibbens caught sight of the first star to poke through and announce itself , he smiled .
mona braided her hair with neon orange beads between random locks , and peacock feathers dangled around her earlobes in vibrant shades of green and violet .
all he usually succeeded in doing was scratching so much that his ankles started to add a raw , red glow to the spray of blue , yellow , white , violet , pink , and green that was everywhere around him .
despite his sour mood , miles could nt help but be a little awed at the beauty of the clouds as the morning sun made them blaze with flaring pockets of orange and violet .
most people would have been mesmerized to the point of awe by the truly incredible aquarium as it gurgled and glowed amidst neon - enhanced hues of violet and green .
livy growled and flipped open the violet lid of her makeup tackle box .
instead , she complimented her on the pretty shade of violet , then suggested a dab of alcohol twice a day to ward off infection .
gaze detached , lips agape , and cheeks flushed , she replaced her violet strap , unclenched her thighs , dismounted ... and casually straightened her windswept hair .
he knew her better than he knew himself , could touch his fingers to each violet cluster in the absolute dark .
she wore a silky violet scarf wrapped around her neck not the most practical in the new york winter and her make - up was slathered on so thick that she hardly seemed human : purple eyeliner you could see from across the street , black lipstick that made her three silver lip - rings stand out like strands of wire in a pool of ink .
the light which had begun to filter through the leafy canopy high above them was weak but now there was a dull violet tinge to it .
twisting the rearview , kane lifted his wool cap , the only remaining artifact from his political days , stitched with the snaggle - toothed guise of geronimo , the 9 - legged octopus who served as mascot for the violet 9 .
kane examined the violet tattoo on his forehead , only readable when reversed through mirror .
gorgeous tresses dyed violet spilled over her slender shoulders , her once - sapphire eyes sunken from the cigarettes .
she saw the world through a violet scale with colored contact lens .
she wore a tight - fitting violet coat made from violet petals , nothing underneath .
kane watched his roommate 's girlfriend pass his roommate breaths of violet smoke through her kiss .
she retrieved a violet bandana from one of the 9 pockets sewn to the inside of her flowery coat , knotting the garment over her boyfriend 's red - feathered mask to suppress the red flames of his eyes .
the buttons were made from the eye of the violet .
she cleared the empty takeout boxes from the table and laid the following arrangement from the contents of her 9 coat pockets- a sewing needle , a spool of violet thread , a mechanical pencil , a printer cartridge that she had emptied and refilled with home - made violet ink , and , as always , her violet monogrammed cigarette case , custom - made to fit 9 cigarettes , hand - rolled with the violet paper she had dipped in perfume to smell like violets .
she cleared the empty takeout boxes from the table and laid the following arrangement from the contents of her 9 coat pockets- a sewing needle , a spool of violet thread , a mechanical pencil , a printer cartridge that she had emptied and refilled with home - made violet ink , and , as always , her violet monogrammed cigarette case , custom - made to fit 9 cigarettes , hand - rolled with the violet paper she had dipped in perfume to smell like violets .
she cleared the empty takeout boxes from the table and laid the following arrangement from the contents of her 9 coat pockets- a sewing needle , a spool of violet thread , a mechanical pencil , a printer cartridge that she had emptied and refilled with home - made violet ink , and , as always , her violet monogrammed cigarette case , custom - made to fit 9 cigarettes , hand - rolled with the violet paper she had dipped in perfume to smell like violets .
the length of the cigarettes equaled the accumulated length of her 9 violet fingernails- she abhorred the metric system .
she peppered the tobacco with solvent violet 13 , which kane and his roommate had stolen from the university 's chemistry annex .
she set the violet pistol on the table .
at this point , kane recalls a lascivious violet wink from her beautiful eye .
he watched as she wrapped the thread , twisting her violet polished fingers above the mechanical pencil , neatly around the needle , spiraling to the silver point that would forever stain .
through 9 intermittent violet lipstick kisses on the roommate 's blind face , she puffed her violet smoke and spoke to kane .
through 9 intermittent violet lipstick kisses on the roommate 's blind face , she puffed her violet smoke and spoke to kane .
and kane watched it bleed- violet blood trickling through the thread as he trapped a large bite of beef lo mein between his chopsticks .
in a trice , kane 's left eye went from peering into the blue infinity of his eye - patch to the soft and moist universe of her violet puckered lips .
she walked out the door for the first time , leaving behind a violet inked signature on kane 's roommate 's forearm of the 9 figures she felt best embodied the experience they shared - scoundrel .
he could smell the synthetic smoke from her violet ashtray .
the violet molding was anatomically perfect , except that it held a pile of violet ash in place of a tongue- this was probably more fitting .
kane emptied the contents of the violet ashtray into his palm and smacked them to his forehead , letting the violet soot stain his open flesh to sting a holy primal pain .
kane emptied the contents of the violet ashtray into his palm and smacked them to his forehead , letting the violet soot stain his open flesh to sting a holy primal pain .
she would unbutton her violet coat as she walked through the foyer so that when she did finally saunter into his studio , she would play the naked minx and tempt him in lustful desire .
he imagines this is how his dialogue transpired , standing in the airport in his undershirt , his sneakers , and his wool cap from the violet 9 .
there was a time when discussing his art with a total stranger amazed him , but standing in the airport in his undershirt , his sneakers , and his violet 9 cap , with no luggage and no idea of where he was headed , kane was plainly disinterested .
periodically , he would pat a hand under his wool cap to touch the greasy scabbed violet .
overheated under streetlights in the night , kane removed his violet 9 wool cap and placed it snugly over the beggar 's catatonic skull .
wandering , wandering , wandering kane- wandering into his next life in a series of lifetimes defined by his clothes- kane hailand in the jester 's garb , preceded by the political rebel god of the violet 9 leading secret meetings in his blue robe , who evolved from the poor orphaned jake , yes , jake who lived too long ago for kane to remember what he wore .
he was now a new man , a loaded disappointment waiting to fire , wandering in his undershirt and sneakers , forehead tattooed violet .
no matter where she moved , kane watched alma out of the corner of his eye because there was something about her that demanded attention , the sort of unique quality that kane once attributed to anika in a song called the bride wore violet .
he recalled the first time he heard hank adaline play piano , fingers dancing with unmatched fury in the secret cell of the violet 9 , the two of them splendidly stoned out of their wits on an amalgam of hallucinogens .
she walked in 9 's , brushed her teeth in 9 's , breathed her violet smoke in 9's- except when she was singing .
i ' ve never seen her without a burning violet cigarette between in her lips .
i wish i could go into more detail , but this is the era of my life that is sworn secret- the formation of the scoundrels , the performance of train of power , the violet 9 .
we did away with our society in that moment in which good and evil intersect on their perpendicular paths to the ultimate , the one true balance of all mankind manifested absolutely in the pure violet of a slender female singer- train of power .
and then anika 's anthem - vile violet inviolate violence , or v.v.i.v . , the tragic saga of three unrequited loves .
she just puffed her violet smoke , kissed me the loneliest kiss , and turned away .
this man was kane 's leader , his navigator and provider , who acknowledged kane 's existence just once to spit on his violet tattooed forehead .
it was with her help that kane ( or jake , as he was called ) received a full - ride scholarship to uncle dross university where he met hank adaline and they formed the violet 9 .
in a flash , this innocent choirgirl became obsessed with the color violet and the number 9- she thought it came from nowhere , but i knew what it was .
the family passed the hours joking that whoever he was in that near - lifeless body should have gotten his money back from the tattoo parlor , as the writing was mirrored , jagged , and scabbed violet .
her naked figure looked quite different from anika with the bald violet piercing .
kane : the amazing musical abilities , the need for a child- she even looks like anika used to look before she dyed her hair violet .
his mind flashed back to train of power , when the secret shelter of the violet 9 mysteriously exploded , killing his faith in his god and his self .
if kane were to examine his lover more closely , he 'd learn that alma was developing the famous 9 - pound smile he once wrote about in vile violet inviolate violence , the musical portrait of anika handel .
alma : it 's all violet , jake .
alma wanted more than anything to imagine kane 's face as she last saw it- grand and statuesque , his beard high to his cheekbones- but the only image her brain produced was blank violet .
it was happening- the energy of the scoundrels , the light of the jester , leaving nothing behind but a sick violet love .
the leopard jumped , paws resting on kane 's shoulders to lick his violet tattoo .
the bum wore a dirty wool cap with a patched image of geronimo , the 9 - legged octopus from the violet 9 .
if alma never knew about anika and her obsession with violet and 9 , she would have been thoroughly confused .
during her spasm , there was a 9th of a second in which everything became grey and dim , but when she lay her head back down in kane 's lap , her blank world of sight returned to its inexplicable violet hue .
the violet , the 9 's , they finally made sense to alma .
but for her to enter the same fate that anika had entered , with the violet and the 9 's , it all made sense .
alma could n't yet explain the violet , but there was something about the color that petrified kane .
she laid her head in his lap , his guitar positioned to rest gently on her chest , and they flew miles above the earth in a violet storm of rolling 9 's .
* * * in a violet - painted loft located in the secret depths of uncle dross university , the violet 9 circled around hank and kane .
* * * in a violet - painted loft located in the secret depths of uncle dross university , the violet 9 circled around hank and kane .
any outsider would have dismissed the room for a dank storage closet , but to hank and kane and their violet 9 , the theatre was a grand and regal chamber .
they wore violet to blend in with the walls as they watched .
hank and kane relished this moment , centered among the violet 9 for the last time , all of them wearing violet from head to toe .
hank and kane relished this moment , centered among the violet 9 for the last time , all of them wearing violet from head to toe .
the violet 9 : the third and final phase of art is the rebel .
in his theatre , surrounded by the violet 9 , kane was god- the creator of the universe , adonai , yahweh , the one , kane hailand .
hank and kane paced in a diametric circle , speaking more to each other than to the violet 9 .
hank had been playing head - games with the violet 9 all along , but he did n't realize that kane , his supposed friend and partner was pulling the same trick on him .
anika leafed through the violet book .
when it came time for the finale , in which hank was to summon a great burst of fire from the mad red piano , the heat from his fireball detonated the pipe bomb that kane hailand rigged in the plumbing , and every member of the violet 9 perished in flames .
hank segued into the bride wore violet , a song kane wrote about standing up at hank and anika 's wedding .
he paced a circle around hank , the two brothers staring at each other all the while , just as they did in the days of the violet 9 .
hank removed a violet jug from the red - painted brass bottom of the piano .
hank ( handing the violet jar to kane ) : hold this for a second .
hank grabbed the violet urn .
we put our hearts into the violet 9 .
kane placed his hand on the violet urn .
she was able to escape the violet , the 9 's .
the world knew her as the greatest contralto in the history of sound , an incessant smoker , a sex - sparked maniac who kept a hot weapon at her waist , the quaquaversal , but most of all she was the voice that people turned to when they needed to rely on anything , a violet .
medy stripped off her clothes and reached for the violet chiton , or short robe , folded in her closet .
she mumbled as she squinted at medy 's violet robes .
this composition is hot pink , sunset orange , and ultra violet .
your aura is pulsing with white and violet .
and as the ground trembled , the diffuse red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo , and violet of the rainbow began to condense down , down , down until the very idea became a most substantial , though ethereal looking sparkling bridge , suitable perhaps for walking upon .
it was cobalt violet .
i recommend the much subtler cobalt violet .
the sky over the sea was between red and violet .
here i was , twenty nine , and still there was the long hair , and the loose violet tee - shirt above ragged pale jeans .
isobel still wore her night attire , an ankle length garment of dull violet .
he listened to the waves through the night until the morning sun hushed gentle violets , crimsons and oranges off of the horizonover the morning sea .
they peered out to the violet horizon , speckled with dabs of oranges and blues .
the bright sun turned to cosmic reds and oranges and yellows , morphing into blues and violets .
but the sky turned the violet of dawn and it was time to go .
upon showing her creation to emmanuel , he was delighted at first , and then disappointed , for it did nt bear that same red violet smell that his previous one had had .
certain bright chestnut browns and deep violets popped out of shadows .
i tried to memorize the clear blue sky and the bright crisp light that made the shadows of the prickly pears find their deepest purple and violets .
i tried to remember the pattern of turned prickly pear pads which formed half - moon shadows and deep inky patches , the warm violet and indigo shadow loops all interlaced with the pale greens of the pads themselves .
when the moon exited behind the hills , a streak of orange penetrated through the neon violet at the junction between earth and sky .
it was golden , purple , violet , gray , and blue .
cilla knew from that first time , in the kitchen when she had been into her violet period : limes and vines and things violet which were not supposed to be violet : lils ` ` violet period '' it was a joke among the four .
did nt the embrace throb violet as i so peered ?
melodys eyes flashed a violet hue tinged blinding white , just like lightning .
melody whipped her head aroundthe flying boy fell hard on his back ; he scrambled to his feet to run , but then simply froze in place , as if suddenly encased in ice her eyes flashed upon mr . conors bearded face , giving it a momentary ghostly violet glow .
lewis notes that in morning of the earth : the body is centralized ; the film - maker creates his profound sense of nascence and purity through the deployment of lyrical imagery , violet filters , slow - motion sequences and the omnipresence of a romantic and idyllic earth .
long grasses with violet bunches were dangling from both sides of the raised bank .
` ` thank you , '' she said , graciously offering merrili a scintillating twinkle of her violet eye , and a glimpse of sweet little pearly teeth .
bright whites and yellows , pinks and violets : colors he had never seen .
mrs . reillys recuperative abilities were amazingfrom quivering violet to a very much together middle - aged woman in a flash .
vivienne had never been a shrinking violet and was able to divorce the lack of detailed knowledge of the business from the tenets of brinkmanship .
my rimowa bags in ultra violet and inca gold stood in a colorful row like soldiers guarding the entryway from the living room to the kitchen .
her dark brown hair was plastered to a face still flushed from heat , her violet eyes huge and troubled .
the sun painted the night sky in vivid magenta and shades of violet before bidding the day good - bye and sinking into the horizon .
she looked fit and tan in her sleeveless green blouse , and i admired her fashion sense to add a violet scarf round her neck , the detail that made the outfit .
the wall of trees surrounding the small clearing was drenched in gold , the sky a gorgeous blend of violet , blue and orange .
nana had an older brother , vance , and a younger sister , violet .
even frank was drawn through the mighty wreath and felt the air turn violet .
you know , red , orange , yellow , green , blue indigo and violet .
she traced the edges of the orchid 's pale violet petals with her index finger .
she laid out her paints and mixed delicate hues , cream , pink , violet , lavender , pale fuchsia , and used these to model the elegant petals .
* * * evening was streaking the sky with violet and magenta ; the last jousters of the day came forward to take their bows and receive their accolades .
chapter 18 dusks violet shadows stretched across the town common as the two horses were reined in to a stop by the tavern .
the building towered into the violet sky , five gables of varying sizes angling black against the stars .
gone were the delightful scatterings of mushrooms in gold , crimson , and darkest violet .
i could see every detail of it , the shimmering colors from ruby red through tangerine orange to the duskiest violet .
she let sage and nora carry the conversation as they walked under violet skies .
the shadows were long and the sky turning violet as we sat in silence and watched .
phillis was wearing a simple white cotton smock with one small violet embroidered on the breast pocket , deliberately understated .
the last glint of the sun dropped into the sea leaving the sky streaked with violet , soft - pink , and pale baby blue .
gatess eyes were an improbable violet , her nail polish was cobalt , and her braids were wrapped with thread in stacked bands of color .
the pillows were stacked , and the duvet pulled back to reveal the crisp white sheets and violet blanket .
today , she wore skinny jeans with layered t - shirts in pastels of violet , blue and grey .
have you ever heard of a violet louise cochran ?
patrick ian oneill sailed from ireland to america in 1839 at age 16 live oaks built by patrick at age 32 construction : 1853 to 1855 married megan at age 38megan was 18 had colin at age 43 colin james oneal born at live oaks married ester at age 40ester was 22 had james at age 50 had nanny may at age 54jamess sistermandas great auntspinster james whitman oneill born at live oaks married violet at age 32violet was 17 had teresa at age 36 teresa june oneill born at live oak ( she does nt know thathas no accurate knowledge of ancestors ) married charles at age 28charles was 31 had manda at age 32 lost charles ( work accident ) .he was 46teresa was 43manda was 11 married franklin louis wembly in 1998 at age 46 manda june harrisage 20 born gary , indiana no siblings no love interest what a mess .
her mother wore a soft cotton sundress of blue and purple violets on a white background and a pair of gold sandals on her feet .
the roses , in tender colors of pink and violet , were still in full bloom in early october and the air felt cool and invigorating .
the sky had turned its array , of blue and violet it always did after a storm , with small melting spots of orange and yellow flooding over it .
violet hills rolled up , their summits capped with snow and their sides broken with solitary pines , like the work of some eighteenth - century landscape gardener .
it was nt that morgan became a shrinking violet ; he still retained an air of absolute self - assurance that came with decades of wealth and power .
then she offered , violet .
now i recognized it was the faint scent of violet , like her middle name .
the hair color du jour was fuchsia , over violet eye shadow , which matched her violet , elbow - length lace gloves .
the hair color du jour was fuchsia , over violet eye shadow , which matched her violet , elbow - length lace gloves .
and she 's not known for being a shrinking violet .
regarding her oversized turquoise sweater and her short black hair with violet streaks , i begged my mind to come up with a good lie .
if your thesaurus had an antonym section and you looked up the phrase ` ` shrinking violet , '' her lush image would stare back at you .
it 's a violet . ''
` ` and like most big , ugly women , she was a shrinking violet .
one , though , instantly drew his attention with the summary : paulownia tomentosa -- princess tree , karri tree -- fragrant violet flowers .
as they cruised into town , the sun was already low , transforming the sky from a bright blue to a pale salmon as the trees and peaks faded to a deep violet .
` ` you 're like violet from willy wonka , only you ate a magic cherry . ''
my mother missed the opportunity to call me violet .
the adorned palace has windows of green , come out , rose , the violet is waiting for you .
his dick surged at the thought of connecting to jamison like that , only got harder as images of stripping her out of that violet dress and kissing every inch of her soft , voluptuous body blasted through his brain .
she was beautiful , her full br**sts pressed up against violet silk the same color as her eyes .
all violet and mysterious - i never quite know what you 're thinking .
she looked up and i saw that she had violet contacts in .
she had n't taken out her violet contacts , and she 'd worn her black boots , so those sort of negated her effort , but it was a nice try .
violet ... violet ... .
violet ... violet ... .
from the look of it , his next work is going to be all shades of vivid violet .
the blue swirls in and disappears into the rich violet .
jack goes back to his paints , this time sloshing huge amounts of violet , blue , and white across my hips .
he turns back to the painting and adds shadows to the violets that swirl up my body .
bright violet assaulted her vision .
the layout consisted of bold purple and violets , pewter and silver accents , and luxurious fabrics and textures .
a pale light source defines her curves in a creamy violet .
a pale violet light rims my waist and hips , trailing up to my br**sts , and spilling onto my neck .
she introduces herself as violet , which is just the most apropos thing i can imagine .
i try on several different options , and settle on an item which violet calls a ` ` leah corset . ''
after violet has all the ties tugged tight and fastened , i examine myself in the mirror , and imagine his reaction .
` ` i 'll take this one , '' i tell violet .
my gaze settled on the small violet gift box almost hidden between the coffee and the plates .
my roommate , violet , enters the room as i finish writing the last line .
fortunately , the scarf is n't on the doorknob and when i open the door , violet is n't in the room .
seth says , observing violet 's unmade bed .
they look kissable in this violet dress .
gus threw it underhead and ben caught it , just as violet came screeching toward the woman 's legs .
violet cried out , wrapping her tiny arms around her cherry blossom tattoo .
she smoothed the fine blonde hair off of violet 's head and peered at her .
she looked over her shoulder at ben throwing the ball for the dog , at violet chatting gus 's ear off .
cones of hot colored light flashed in my face , scarlet , violet , indigo .
her dark eyes were almond shaped and vibrant , with heavy violet eye shadow that brought out her olive skin to perfection .
my lids were a pale lavender near the brows , with a more vibrant violet along my lashes .
i spent extra time on my hair , blow - drying and then smoothing it out , and even took my usual sparse makeup routine up a notch , with a dusky pink lip , a deep violet shadow on my lids , and a darker color lining my eyes .
he was tall and muscular , with wavy golden hair like his sister , and those same startling violet eyes .
it was a lovely mix of violet lilies , purple roses , and tidy little white calla lilies .
i pull away from her embrace and notice her violet tank top is so low i can see her br**sts , and they 're pushed up so high i ' m afraid they 'll pop out with the slightest movement .
but violet only eyed the calligraphic writing in her father 's hand , reminiscent of medieval illuminations .
` ` i ' m fairly certain i know what it says already , mr . penning , '' violet said , keeping her voice brisk and cheerful as she tucked the envelope under her hands .
the estate solicitor probably did n't want to hear about her workaholic father 's long absences , his abandonment of her mother , and dr . dewitt 's own callous treatment of violet .
` ` very lucky , '' violet agreed , her fist clenching .
when she got out to her car , violet started the engine , tossed the envelope into the passenger seat , and then paused .
phineas paid no attention to violet 's other birthdays until she turned sixteen .
he 'd tacked a note to it that read : pay attention , violet .
but violet had a quick and decisive change of heart .
greece without violet at his side just was n't the same .
he was thinking about going after violet .
according to him , violet had been stateside for all of a week before she 'd shacked up with an ex - boyfriend .
a few weeks later , dr . dewitt had told a moping , despondent jonathan that violet had married and it was time to move on .
and he 'd sunk himself into adventuring , archaeology , extreme sports - whatever it took to distract himself from the fact that he 'd f**ked up and lost violet .
ten years later , he was still mooning over violet dewitt and how different things would have been if he 'd settled down with her after all .
if anything , though , violet had grown more beautiful than the last time he 'd seen her ... and more sedate .
this violet was still tiny , but her lean figure had softened to lush curves , outlined by a demure black skirt and cream - colored blouse with a bow at the neck and long , billowing sleeves .
this was his wild violet ?
my apologies , '' violet said , ever so polite .
violet was being downright chilly to him , and he had n't done a thing .
` ` look , violet .
the second line said : ` ` my daughter violet holds the key . ''
` ` i think my late father missed his calling as a dramatic actor , '' violet said .
` ` i would not be surprised , '' violet said , still not looking up .
at that , violet looked up and gave him another cool look .
` ` goddamn it , violet .
it was clear that she was done with him , just as it was clear to jonathan that if he was going to get anywhere , he 'd need violet 's help .
his violet used to love a thrill as much as he did .
` ` look , violet , while it 's great to see you- '' ` ` i ' m afraid i do n't share the sentiment- '' ` ` -i ' m not here to f**k with your marriage , '' he continued , his heart aching .
it was clear that whatever had been was dead and buried , and violet did n't want anything to do with him .
ten years , and he was still insanely in love with violet dewitt , ice princess act and all .
his violet .
his violet was here , in front of him , and she 'd never married .
he- violet 's knee went between his legs , and connected with his groin .
- by the time violet left work , went to the grocery store , went to the gym , got home , and cleaned her tiny condo , she was still pissed .
fuming , violet threw her groceries in the fridge , and then cussed when her carton of milk tipped over and spilled all over her carton of freshly washed spinach .
swearing a blue streak , violet grabbed paper towels and cleaned her fridge , and when she went to wash her hands , she noticed they were still shaking .
like he could n't believe that his violet would harm him .
twitching with frustration , violet threw back the covers and stormed across the bedroom and into the living room .
her mother had been against it , but violet had been so excited to go , so very dazzled at the thought of spending the summer with her intelligent , famous father that she 'd looked forward to it for what felt like forever .
in reality , violet did n't give two craps about whatever car empire the lyons family had .
some women dreamed of careers ; violet dreamed of a nuclear , close - knit family .
irritated , violet flipped to the next photo in her book .
they 'd enjoyed a romantic dinner and spent the night at a hotel in fira , and in bed , violet had confessed her hopes to him .
that had n't been what nineteen - year - old - and - pregnant violet had wanted to hear .
start a family with you , violet ?
i 'd love to have babies with you , violet .
every word had broken violet 's heart a bit more .
a sour taste filled violet 's mouth as she stared at the picture , and she slammed the photo album shut and tossed it across the room .
two the next morning , violet woke up five minutes before her alarm was scheduled to go off , bleary - eyed and miserable .
groaning , violet fell back in the pillows .
violet 's hand clenched violently , and her coffee spewed out of the paper cup , slopping all over her hand , her white sleeve , and the floor .
` ` just peachy , '' violet told her , squatting in her heels and skirt to clean up her mess .
` ` something about funding , '' kirsten murmured , helping violet mop up the coffee .
he was good looking , but he already had a boyfriend , and was a longtime friend of violet 's .
heck , violet 's own paycheck reflected that they were struggling .
- jonathan watched as violet more or less stomped to principal esparza 's side .
his violet hated not being in control of things .
` ` principal , '' violet said in a crisp , almost cold voice .
` ` let me guess , '' violet said flatly .
jonathan bit back a smile at violet 's astute observation , and at the way esparza spluttered , clearly surprised that violet had already figured things out .
jonathan bit back a smile at violet 's astute observation , and at the way esparza spluttered , clearly surprised that violet had already figured things out .
but his violet had always been sharp .
` ` what the lovely principal is trying to say , violet , is that i requested the company of an old friend for traveling .
he could take a fiery , feisty violet who hated him .
` ` i really do n't know that this is appropriate after all- '' ` ` it 's all right , betty , '' violet said , and her voice sounded tired .
it was clear that violet wore a suit of armor around her heart , and she did n't let anyone get near .
and so he 'd decided to befriend violet , because she was gorgeous and smart , and , hell , he 'd been a horny nineteen - year - old .
it had taken him about a week to get her to open up and let her defenses down , and then violet had been a warm , teasing , delicious girl .
he 'd always wanted violet .
he had n't had a girlfriend since , well , since violet .
the thought of f**king sally instead of violet was displeasing , like wearing brown shoes with a black suit .
then , he pulled out his ipad and brought up a pdf of violet 's letter from her father .
frustrated , he tossed the tablet aside and lay back , thinking of violet .
it was a thick , musky fragrance , very different from violet 's own scent .
he thought of violet again , but this time , instead of her cold response to him yesterday , she was raging with anger , anger that melted into raging hunger when he touched her .
with violet on his mind , he undid his trousers and began to jerk off .
- the next morning , violet looked out the window of her condominium to see a limo waiting outside .
` ` morning , violet , '' he said , and held out a lidded cup to her .
` ` it 's not a kidnapping , violet .
the camera shifted again , and violet caught a glimpse of a golden - skinned man with amber eyes and a curly mop of black hair before it swiveled around .
jonathan looked over at violet and then nodded .
curious , violet leaned forward to watch the picture on the laptop as it bounced with every step .
` ` mmm , '' violet said noncommittally .
` ` brave man , '' violet commented .
` ` it was long beaten out of me , '' violet said in a disapproving voice .
` ` i 'll take your word for it , '' violet said .
jonathan shut his laptop and gave violet a scrutinizing look .
` ` i know what i drew , '' violet snapped at him .
this time , violet 's mouth curled in a wry smile , remembering her childhood anger .
what 's this , violet ?
it had been her mother , giddy with excitement that her husband was home and paying a bit of attention to her , who had brought up violet 's curse .
is n't that precious of our violet ?
all through this , violet built resentment for her brilliant , flawed father .
three violet was rather alarmed to see that the limo did n't head to detroit metro airport , but instead went to a smaller airfield .
` ` i am a real pilot , violet .
a half hour later , when she saw the actual plane itself , violet gave a moan of distress .
` ` appreciate is not the word i ' m thinking of , '' violet muttered , and made sure her seat belt was on tightly .
jonathan tried talking to violet at first , but when it became clear that she was surly with anxiety , he left her alone and she fell asleep .
for all her prickly demeanor , he could spend every minute of the rest of his life with violet and not grow tired of her .
he could do the same with a stiff , angry violet .
he 'd never wanted anyone but violet .
his mind was on violet 's sleepy moan .
` ` mmm , '' violet said again sleepily , and he glanced over at her sharply .
of course , his dick was listening about as well as violet was .
` ` mmm , oh , yes- '' ` ` violet , '' he barked .
as long as this trip had his stele at the end of it , and violet 's company during it , it would be a win in jonathan 's book .
` ` i ' m sure , '' violet said flatly .
but the old man knew he did n't have to throw violet in jonathan 's path to get jonathan to support him .
- violet was silent as they rode in the back of the sedan through the streets of alamagordo .
most people did n't mind that phineas had been a manipulative old goat , but then , violet was n't most people .
he looked over at violet .
her gaze went from violet to jonathan , then seemed to linger there .
two minutes later , they were in violet 's childhood home while jonathan talked to the owner and explained to her why they were visiting .
a reluctant smile spread across violet 's face .
she gave violet a sweet smile .
they made their way out to the backyard , and it , too , was transformed from violet 's memories .
but violet counted trees and realized that the slim cottonwood she 'd staked out as a child was , in fact , still there , just thicker and taller .
drawn to it , violet headed forward , looking for the mark she 'd made when she was young .
violet waited as jonathan got a few gardening implements from the owner , and then he returned to the tree .
` ` dig here , '' violet told him , pointing at the front of the tree .
he leaned down and brushed the dirt away from a small metal box , then pulled it out and held it out to violet .
to violet 's eyes it looked like a plain lockbox .
reluctant , violet flipped hers over and gently eased the seal open .
still , violet 's cheeks flushed as she remembered her dream from earlier , and jonathan 's mouth between her legs .
that was no way to run a business , violet thought grumpily .
shocked , violet remained frozen as he pulled her against him and his lips coaxed hers apart .
god , violet . ''
he knew just how to push her buttons- violet gasped , realizing what she was doing .
` ` violet , '' he murmured , and the look in his eyes was sleepy with lust .
i would in a heartbeat , violet . ''
` ` i realize we parted badly , violet , but f**k . we were two stupid kids .
` ` i love you , violet , '' he said quietly , his tone deathly earnest .
` ` i was nineteen , violet .
` ` i was pregnant and you still abandoned me , '' violet said softly , because screaming at him in the face of such stillness seemed ... unnatural .
he sat back , looked at her for a moment more , and then turned to the driver - who , violet was horrified to notice , had been listening to the entire conversation .
second only to the day that violet had left him .
why his carefree , stubborn , independent violet had gone from enjoying the summer to demanding that he abandon college with her and start a family right away .
so wrapped up in assisting dr . dewitt that he 'd never even considered the reasons behind why violet had been so upset and gung ho to leave greece and return to the states .
he 'd thought she was married and out of his reach , but that had been a lie , a lie told to him by violet 's father .
dewitt had lied to him about violet just to get him to stay and continue financing things , and he 'd happily done so .
she felt emotionally drained after her big confession , like a hollow shell of violet dewitt .
alarm pounded in violet 's veins .
frowning , violet thanked her and headed over to the hotel bar .
when the laundry moved , though , violet realized that it was a person .
pursing her lips , violet strode forward .
` ` we both know that 's a lie , violet . ''
` ` no , violet , i do n't think i ever had you . ''
` ` i 'll be down in a minute , '' violet said .
` ` jonathan , '' violet said , moving to stand by his table and crossing her arms over her chest .
you hate me , violet . ''
` ` how would you know , violet ?
` ` you know i loved you , violet ? ''
` ` but you hate me , violet . ''
the girl at the front desk gave her a grateful look as violet passed by , and held the elevator open for them as violet and her handsy , drunken companion continued to grab her and exclaim how wonderful her hair smelled .
the girl at the front desk gave her a grateful look as violet passed by , and held the elevator open for them as violet and her handsy , drunken companion continued to grab her and exclaim how wonderful her hair smelled .
terrible idea , violet .
nineteen - year - old violet 's braids were hanging over her shoulders and she was gazing up at a smiling jonathan with an adoring look .
` ` violet , '' he moaned .
` ` that violet ? ''
` ` that violet what ? ''
` ` what can i do for you , violet ?
the front desk called violet again - as if she could stop him ! -and through more cajoling of a drunk man , she managed to get him back to his room to sleep it off again .
now , jonathan was doing the same thing , and it made violet 's soul ache .
` ` violet dewitt . ''
` ` is that so , '' violet said politely .
it was busier due to the time of night , but violet still had no trouble finding jonathan 's table .
cade rubbed his jaw and looked over at violet curiously .
nothing mattered because ten years ago , he 'd had violet and she was carrying his child ... and he 'd pissed it all away to go gallivanting around the world with a man who lied to his face while pretending to be his friend and mentor .
he 'd given up violet .
instead , he craned his neck , hoping for another glimpse of violet .
he stared down into his glass , thinking of violet 's wary brown eyes , her smooth hair , her lush figure that had only ripened with age .
` ` well , i destroyed violet . ''
he just did n't know if violet would ever give him that chance .
- someone knocked at violet 's hotel room door a few hours later , just before she was about to go to sleep .
when he turned , violet could n't help but ask , ` ` so what did he tell you ? ''
see you in the morning , violet . ''
as she shut the door on them , violet caught a few more lines of jonathan 's drunken poetry spouting .
but violet had the words ringing through her head for a long time afterward .
- the next morning , promptly at nine , someone knocked at violet 's door .
` ` violet , '' he greeted her cheerfully .
` ` why , no , '' violet said , surprised .
` ` same , '' violet said , opening her menu .
` ` now , violet , remember , breakfast is on me , '' cade told her , and reached over to pat her arm .
this was a good question , but violet was going to play along with it .
` ` i told violet that since i was taking the reins on this project , i 'd also handle her expenses . ''
` ` violet told me about her situation , '' cade said , smiling at the waitress when she set orange juice down in front of him .
` ` he 's just trying to help me out , jonathan , '' violet interjected , unable to resist rubbing salt in the wound .
` ` violet , please- '' ` ` no , '' she said , and her voice wobbled .
- a half hour later , violet had neatly repacked her luggage and brushed her teeth again , and now sat in her room , waiting for the phone to ring so someone could tell her what was going on .
` ` i do n't think you 're being petty , violet . ''
` ` violet , '' he said in a low voice , gazing down at their joined hands .
but i 'd really like to be your friend again , violet .
` ` i know , violet .
violet had taken one of the seats in the back of the plane , and cade , jonathan saw , took a seat in the front , most likely so he could give jonathan and violet some privacy to chat .
jonathan slid into a seat across from violet , pleased when she did n't flinch or frown as he did so .
he 'd take any piece of violet he could get in his life .
` ` i ' ve had hundreds of hours in the cockpit , violet .
but he 'd do any amount of playacting to keep violet at his side .
- when the limo pulled up to the club , jonathan watched as violet wrinkled her nose .
sitting across from them , cade gave violet an easy smile .
his violet carried steel - plated armor around her heart because she 'd been hurt so many times by the people she loved .
he could call and get her a hotel so she could relax comfortably , but the thought of releasing violet into new york made him anxious .
now that violet was back in his life ?
hell , he was practically itching to go and drag violet out of the limo upstairs and bring her with him , but that would cause more questions than it would answer .
he thought of violet again , and a surge of intense longing buffeted through him .
he would n't touch it , not with violet waiting for him .
he thought of violet , sitting out in his car , and he longed to be beside her , just drinking in her presence .
his relationship with violet was ... private .
again , jonathan thought of violet and her wry , reserved smile .
maybe she had been , once , but the violet waiting in the limo was guarded .
jonathan stared at his cards without seeing them , his mind still on violet .
violet and her happiness was the only thing that mattered to him .
after all , folding would give him more time to think about violet .
the night had been interminably long , but it was over now , and he could get back to his violet .
he fished his phone out of his pocket , ready to text the limo driver to bring violet back , but as soon as he hit the street , he was surprised to see it parked nearby .
why did the thought of violet waiting for him fill him with such unholy joy ?
it rolled down a crack and violet looked up at him with sleepy eyes .
he took it , strangely pleased at the thought of violet waiting for him , even thinking of him enough to get him a coffee .
- violet fidgeted and shifted in her chair , trying to get comfortable .
her mind was the most traitorous of all , because every time violet closed her eyes , she saw jonathan 's body moving over hers .
` ` i told you the point already , '' violet said , her irritation ratcheting up a notch .
it was surprisingly difficult ; all her lingering memories of connie dewitt involved her depression , her drinking , and how it had affected violet .
` ` that 's because i never let anyone know that it bothered me , '' violet confessed , and was surprised to hear those words coming out of her own mouth .
` ` get some sleep , violet .
it occurred to violet that she should protest and lean against the window or something .
- jonathan did n't move a muscle as violet curled against him and slept , as trusting as a kitten .
to him , they were just distractions - another diversion to try to stop him from dwelling on his aching loneliness and the longing he had for violet .
he 'd have to figure out some way to stretch things out , to make his time with violet last for as long as possible ... without raising her suspicions , of course .
if there was a way to extend this to keep violet at his side , he 'd do it .
seven this is higginson park , '' violet said , reading the tourism site she 'd found online .
there were a few vendors just setting up down the road , and violet suppressed a yawn .
` ` oh , dear , '' violet said with a laugh as the ducks continued to follow them as they walked .
the fleet of ducks quacked and streamed away from violet , and she looked up to see jonathan returning , two coffees and a small brown bag in hand .
` ` what are you doing , violet ? ''
` ` it is cold , '' violet agreed , her hands moving to her other shoe and working on the straps .
he was silent for a long moment , no doubt formulating a new argument , violet figured .
and suddenly , violet felt as if she were playing with fire .
` ` i 'll be just fine , '' violet assured him , glad for the distraction .
` ` well , '' violet said , and put her hands on her hips .
for a brief , frightening second , violet 's world was nothing but water .
great going , violet .
though he was being a bit heavy - handed with things , violet was n't complaining .
` ` jonathan- '' ` ` violet , do n't make me carry you back to the shore , '' he warned .
they picked up their coffee cups - the contents had spilled when jonathan had plunged into the river after her - and violet sniffed hers mournfully .
violet squealed and danced in place ; she could n't help herself .
he sat back on his haunches , just grinning up at her like he 'd won an award , and violet had to clench her fists to keep from going over and planting a big happy kiss on his face .
one had violet 's name on it , and the other , jonathan 's .
was this just so he could throw the past in their faces and remind jonathan of his connection to violet ?
` ` let me take care of you for once , violet .
she should have been strong , needs - no - one violet and ordered her own damn breakfast .
it was hard to trust people enough to leave your own well - being in their hands , and violet was used to just fending for herself .
her mouth twisted in a wry expression , and violet broke off a corner of the muffin and popped it into her mouth .
` ` i do n't like to see you this miserable , violet , '' jonathan said .
` ` do you want to go home , violet ? ''
so now violet did n't know what to think .
` ` you are never just anything , violet . ''
travel took a lot out of a person , and in addition to that , violet felt as if she 'd been on an emotional roller coaster for the last week .
` ` why , thank you , violet . ''
` ` i certainly hope not , '' violet said , her mouth still twitching with amusement .
` ` i do n't know , '' violet admitted .
` ` well , i would n't put it past my father to throw in a few barbs from beyond the grave , '' violet said .
his mouth crooked in a half - smile as he put the tablet away and leaned back in his chair , focusing his attention on violet .
he made a great show of clearing his throat , and violet could n't stop laughing .
the breath caught in violet 's throat .
violet , his violet , was cuddled up next to him on the plane , looking at him with soft eyes as he recited love poetry to her .
violet , his violet , was cuddled up next to him on the plane , looking at him with soft eyes as he recited love poetry to her .
to his surprise , violet 's mouth opened against his , accepting his unspoken request .
` ` let me pleasure you , violet , '' he whispered against her mouth .
` ` let me do this , violet .
not when violet was still consuming his mind .
because there was nothing on earth that could compare with the softest flutter of violet 's eyelashes in response to his touch .
if this was about violet , she had to want it , too .
and he remembered that his violet loved to be touched more than anything .
` ` violet , love , we 're at thirty thousand feet .
it truly was just him and violet in the back of the small jet , and he intended to take full advantage of the situation .
he did n't give a f**k . if she was fat and lumpy - and she wasn't - she 'd still be gorgeous to him because she was his violet .
` ` may i touch you , violet ? ''
surprise flickered on violet 's face and she laughed , the sound sweet and pure .
her eyes closed , and it was clear to him that violet was determined to lose herself in the moment .
he was touching violet 's skin , breathing violet 's scent , his fingers buried in violet 's pu**y .
he was touching violet 's skin , breathing violet 's scent , his fingers buried in violet 's pu**y .
his sensitive , delicious , lovely violet .
there were few things on earth better than violet dewitt 's pu**y on his face , and he intended to savor every moment of this .
but his violet needed to come .
come for me , violet .
` ` this pleasure 's all for you , violet , '' he rasped against her soft , dewy skin .
- violet stared at jonathan 's bronzed shoulders as he stalked toward the airplane bathroom at the back of the jet .
ten when the plane landed at santorini 's airport , violet was roused from her nap by jonathan 's gentle caress .
when violet awoke the next morning , she was in a room by herself .
tucking her hair behind her ears in a nervous habit , violet dialed jonathan 's room .
he was unshaven and his hair was a bit tousled , as if he had n't bothered to fix it since it was just violet he was meeting .
` ` just toast , '' violet said , hating the snappish tone in her voice .
when the waitress left , violet wrapped her hands around her coffee cup - so she 'd resist lobbing it at jonathan 's oh - so - casual head - and frowned at him .
a horrible thought occurred to violet .
it was safe , and violet liked safe .
` ` so ... '' violet said after taking a steadying sip of her coffee .
by the end of the evening , violet 's feet ached from walking , her nose was sunburned , and she was a good , achy tired again .
still , when it came time to part , violet hesitated .
and for some reason , that bugged violet .
they headed to the beaches , and when violet protested that they probably would n't find any hints toward her father 's poem , jonathan suggested that they simply enjoy themselves .
and violet thought she was good at being patient , but she was n't .
when jonathan suggested that they check out the local scuba diving in case of any submerged wheels , violet knew it was a long shot , but she went along with it , and they spent a day diving in the blue mediterranean waters .
following that train of thought , they visited every tour of the ruins on the island , and violet hated that she enjoyed it so very much .
so ... violet began to plan .
- the next day , when violet suggested they spend another afternoon at the beach , jonathan was surprised .
if violet wanted nothing more than to be friends , he would n't push her .
every day , jonathan lived in fear that violet would turn to him and say ` ` i ' m done .
another day of leisure with violet at his side ?
instead of the sensible black one - piece violet had been wearing for the past few visits to the beach , she 'd purchased a bikini .
jonathan stared at violet 's nape for a long moment , tempted by the tiny bow of her swimsuit tied there .
with an angry squirt of suntan lotion , jonathan pressed his hand to violet 's shoulder .
but violet needed to be protected from the sun 's rays , so he continued to stroke the lotion into her skin - a rather delicious kind of torture , especially with the soft little sounds of pleasure she was making at his touch .
to his annoyance , violet swam out to him , ignoring the fact that he was trying to flee .
that was time he 'd get to spend with violet .
eventually , they returned to their separate hotel rooms , violet claiming she wanted a nap .
when they sat down to dinner , instead of their regular table , violet insisted on a booth .
looking over at violet would just mean more staring at her magnificent torso .
when the waitress put a glass of water down in front of him , he grabbed it and sucked it down , trying to ignore the fact that his arm brushed violet 's breast .
just being around violet cranked his libido to the extreme .
he tasted nothing , his mind full of violet 's skin , violet 's taste .
he tasted nothing , his mind full of violet 's skin , violet 's taste .
by the time the check arrived and he paid , he 'd ignored violet as she moaned and chatted her way through her dessert , licking her fingers and lips with gusto .
he 'd jerk off a few times and then maybe he 'd be able to concentrate on something other than violet .
if violet had a problem , it was his problem as well .
she 'd started leaning forward as she spoke , and the neckline of her loose top kept sliding down , and all he could see were the tops of violet 's br**sts .
eleven jonathan stared at violet as she straightened her clothing .
` ` i ' m afraid , '' violet whispered , even as she clutched at his shoulders .
a mental image of tossing violet on the bed and ripping her clothing off , savagely pounding into her as she screamed her pleasure and dragged her nails over his back , filled his mind .
striding across the room to her , jonathan took violet in his arms and kissed her again .
` ` let me make love to you , violet .
did violet have to be pushed out from behind her walls in order for her to enjoy herself with him once more ?
` ` just answer me , violet .
` ` i want to tie you up , violet . ''
he tied the smaller ends together to create one long , soft rope , and then turned back toward violet and the bed .
` ` are you sure you wish to do this , violet ?
count on his violet to give a safe word - something he did n't intend on her needing to use - such thorough consideration .
` ` before we begin , i want to say thank you , violet . ''
this violet was more guarded , and when she let him in under her walls , intensely more vulnerable .
he intended on making violet come until she was limp with pleasure .
he liked that violet was his to do with as he liked , and he intended to exercise that control .
his intense love for violet drove him to madness though .
` ` i ' m not saying it just for a reaction , violet .
the most important thing was blowing violet 's mind .
he wanted nothing more than for violet to touch him , to show that she wanted him as much as he wanted her .
he wanted violet wild and writhing in his arms , fully participating .
` ` tell me what you want me to do to you , violet . ''
but now , violet had gone silent .
` ` i ' m not being kind , violet . ''
tell me what you want me to do to you , violet .
all violet could see were her pasty - pale thighs against his sun - browned skin , her soft curves against his hard muscles .
` ` what do you want now , violet ? ''
` ` like that , violet ? ''
` ` my violet .
` ` fuck , violet , hush or i ' m going to lose control . ''
` ` you 're beautiful , violet .
` ` sweet , beautiful violet . ''
` ` do n't you want me to bury my face between your legs and make you come again , violet ?
` ` i love you , violet , '' he said hoarsely .
` ` violet , '' he murmured thickly .
troubled , violet rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling .
` ` i think we were a little overly vigorous , '' violet said with a smile and pointed at the picture .
puzzled and frustrated , violet returned to the poem , studying it over and over again .
` ` that 's just a waste of money if we 're on the wrong track , '' violet said , though she shivered at the feel of his breath caressing her ear .
they 'd made love twice more , each time more fierce than the last , and when dawn had hit , violet had fallen into an exhausted , dazed slumber .
- when violet begged for mercy , jonathan got dressed and headed downstairs to get them something to drink .
as she waited for jonathan , violet took a quick shower and pulled on one of jonathan 's shirts , since her clothes were still in her room .
curious , violet scanned through the rest of the poem .
at that moment , violet felt like she could take over the world .
and when his gaze went from smiling at her to down at her mouth , violet realized he was aroused .
so , with a wicked expression on her face , violet leaned in for a kiss .
` ` violet , '' he groaned as she squeezed her hand around the base and continued to suck him deep .
` ` is big bad violet going to make you lose control ? ''
` ` violet , i ' m going to come- '' she made a little hum in her throat , to let him know that was all right , and sucked him deeper .
` ` oh , god , violet . ''
- violet returned to her own hotel room to get dressed .
then , after she 'd dressed and fixed her hair , violet stared at her reflection in the mirror , blushing .
slipping on a pair of shoes , violet headed back out of her room and jonathan was waiting for her in the hallway .
when they were out of earshot , violet suggested , ` ` why do n't we go up and ask if we can talk to them for a minute ? ''
jonathan looked over at violet and then nodded , putting his money away .
` ` oh , no , '' violet said .
he stared at violet and jonathan .
` ` we were wondering if we could see the painting in your room , '' violet interjected .
` ` it 's true , '' violet chimed in .
the door shut and violet felt a twinge of worry .
but a moment later , he did , and violet and jonathan smiled nervously at the old man , who was dressed in nothing but an undershirt and a pair of old boxers .
he gestured that violet and jonathan could enter .
` ` we just want the painting , '' violet said quickly .
` ` this has to be it , '' violet said excitedly .
` ` that 's it , '' violet breathed .
` ` violet , '' jonathan said softly .
` ` i 'll be with you , violet .
ten years ago , violet dewitt had needed jonathan lyons and he 'd abandoned her .
the twenty - nine - year - old violet dewitt did n't need anyone .
calmly , violet refolded the letter and placed it in its envelope , and held it out to jonathan to take .
` ` violet , that 's not what i meant- '' he reached for her .
` ` violet , you know i did n't mean it like that- '' ` ` actually , jonathan , i do n't know that . ''
` ` violet , '' he breathed .
and violet turned and left , not entirely sure if she was pleased or relieved - or disappointed - that he did n't follow her out .
those two lines played in violet 's mind over and over again , like a bad recording stuck on a loop .
` ` violet , '' he murmured , and held the door open wider .
` ` violet , no .
` ` i do n't give a shit about fair , violet .
goddamn it , violet , at least give me a chance ! ''
i do n't care , violet , as long as we 're together .
` ` you make me happy , violet . ''
- violet was gone again .
his violet had abandoned him once more .
- without violet 's beautiful , smiling face at his side , dr . dewitt 's postmortem scavenger hunt held no meaning for jonathan .
no matter what he did , he could n't get violet 's dead eyes and her too - calm expression out of his mind .
in the ten years since they 'd been parted , violet had learned to push everyone away .
he could n't concentrate during the days because he kept wondering what violet was doing .
but violet never called , and jonathan was forced to admit to himself that maybe his love was one - sided after all .
maybe he loved violet more than she 'd ever loved him .
normally he 'd enjoy a bit of scotch with his cards , but he 'd lost all taste for alcohol ever since he 'd seen that awful look in violet 's eyes when he 'd drunk himself into a stupor .
not that it mattered if he drank anymore , if violet was cutting him out of her life .
he was still a bachelor , even though in his heart , he 'd always been claimed by violet .
he could n't get his mind off of violet .
he was n't even pissed at violet for pushing him away ; he just dreaded when her control finally slipped and she broke down , because he wanted to be the one to comfort her .
he wanted to go home and lick his wounds and mull over the loss of violet for a bit longer .
` ` just wondering how things went with violet , '' cade inquired .
` ` ten years ago , violet asked me to run away with her .
` ` when i talked with violet , i got the impression that she did n't have a very happy childhood .
` ` so did it ever occur to you that violet expects everyone she cares for to disappoint her ?
and jonathan needed to show violet he was n't afraid .
fifteen violet sipped her cup of coffee and stared at the new sign in front of neptune middle school as the workers adjusted it .
` ` it was interesting , '' violet said , keeping her voice light .
` ` greece , '' violet murmured , and at kirsten 's groan of excitement , she added , ` ` purely for research , though . ''
a stab of jealousy shot through violet .
she was bubbly and pretty and easygoing , like violet used to be .
like violet no longer was .
so violet listened to kirsten chatter on about the newest piece that her students were learning , and how her only tuba player was eternally flat on every note , poor kid , and eventually violet made it to her classroom , where her students were n't thrilled to have her back .
so violet listened to kirsten chatter on about the newest piece that her students were learning , and how her only tuba player was eternally flat on every note , poor kid , and eventually violet made it to her classroom , where her students were n't thrilled to have her back .
the substitute had been letting them watch movies while she was gone , and violet did n't see the harm in continuing that for a few days more .
they meant no harm , but no one could tell from violet 's stiffly - smiling face that she did n't want to talk about it .
` ` of course , '' violet murmured , reaching for her purse hanging on the hook .
` ` i ' ve had that happen , '' violet said sympathetically , and froze .
it 's just stress , violet told herself .
instead of heading to the bathroom to end the torture of not knowing , though , violet sat down on the couch and stared ahead , thinking .
he 'd wanted violet but she 'd pushed him away twice now .
` ` because you 're here , violet .
` ` you do n't understand , violet .
` ` jonathan- '' ` ` do n't turn me away , violet .
` ` sometimes love is about hurting , violet . ''
weeping openly now , violet fell into his arms and snuggled against his chest .
they remained like that for a long , long time , violet struggling to compose herself , jonathan 's hands moving over her shoulders , her arms , her hair .
with one last sniff , violet pulled away from him and took a step back , gazing up at his face .
` ` i love you too , violet .
it was hope , violet realized .
- ten minutes later , violet sat on the bathroom counter , waiting for the results .
` ` not strange , '' violet said .
` ` violet , you do n't seem to get it .
she lay on top of him for a moment , the kissing continuing , and then he rolled them both once more until violet was under him , and he was on top of her .
and are you sweet and delicious , violet ? ''
blinking back sudden tears , violet forced a small shrug to her shoulders .
` ` but i want your hands all over me , violet .
` ` god , you 're dripping wet for me , violet .
` ` you 're so wet and tight for me , violet . ''
` ` you 're so lovely , violet .
` ` my thoughts exactly , '' violet murmured , pulling her foot back when he bent over to shuck his pants .
his fingers curled in her hair and he tilted her head a little farther back , nipped at her mouth again , and then said , ` ` i love you , violet .
each time their bodies rocked together , violet felt her orgasm hover closer and closer , but she wanted to come with jonathan .
` ` you 're mine , violet . ''
his hand searched for hers and he twined his fingers with her own as they lay flat on their backs , and the small gesture made violet 's heart give a happy flop .
` ` do you love me , violet ? ''
sixteen two weeks later ` ` you sure violet wo n't mind if i drop in ? ''
he 'd considered staying in his manhattan town house overnight , but the thought of getting back to violet was a greater pull than sleep .
` ` i plan on dragging violet into bed at the earliest opportunity . ''
since they 'd moved in together , jonathan found violet to be a joy .
thus , he tended to wake up with violet 's front pressed to his back and her cold feet pressed against his calves .
all that mattered was that when he climbed into bed at night , violet 's arms went around him .
cade kept up a stream of easygoing conversation as they headed down the hall toward jonathan and violet 's new apartment , but jonathan was n't listening .
he 'd been gone from violet for almost a full day ; he 'd left before dawn that morning and was getting back after two the next morning .
he loved asian food ; he 'd developed a taste for it in his travels , and violet had remembered that .
as if she knew he was thinking about her , violet padded out of the kitchen , dressed in one of his old t - shirts and a pair of his baggy sleep pants that clung tightly to her generous curves .
` ` violet , '' cade said , striding forward to give her a quick hug .
` ` of course , '' violet said , and winced .
immediately , jonathan grabbed violet and began to kiss her again , pressing her against a nearby counter and grinding his erection against the cradle of her hips .
twenty hours without violet was too long .
` ` y - yes , '' violet called out , sounding breathless as jonathan 's fingers delved down the front of her sleep pants .
he thought violet would protest , but she only buried her face in his neck and began to lick and suck on his skin there .
jonathan pressed a kiss to violet 's forehead .
tell violet i said good night , and that it was lovely to see her . ''
a few moments later , the blond man was gone and jonathan went through the apartment , turning off lights and picking up violet 's shoes so she did n't trip over them in the morning .
violet was already fast asleep , her cheek tucked into one palm .
automatically , violet turned toward him and he pulled her against his chest .
but finding those had been less important than getting violet back , and he was content to wait until she was ready to approach the task again .
kissing violet 's forehead again , he closed his own eyes , utterly content .
but now that everything else in violet 's life had somehow lined up , this was the only question still unanswered , and violet wanted closure .
but now that everything else in violet 's life had somehow lined up , this was the only question still unanswered , and violet wanted closure .
hand in hand , they went out to the parking garage and jonathan drove his roadster while violet navigated with his tablet and a maps application .
the graveyard was all the way across town , and they drove in relative silence , the only sounds violet 's quiet driving directions .
when jonathan finally turned into a parking lot , violet 's heart gave a painful little clench .
for some reason , it made violet incredibly nervous .
seeing that , violet started to laugh .
smiling , violet studied the front of the obelisk .
` ` that must have had special meaning for him , '' violet said softly .
he turned to violet .
a hysterical giggle arose in violet 's throat at the thought of jonathan being caught red - handed doing something to her father 's grave .
` ` hurry , '' violet whispered , glancing around .
he handed them to violet , and slid his fingers into the compartment again .
just like usual , except this time , violet 's envelope was thicker , as if it held multiple pieces of paper .
to find out that her miserable mother had been equally responsible for violet 's loneliness was n't surprising , but it was heartbreaking .
he never got your message , violet .
i remember my sweet violet loved poetry once upon a time .
your father , dr . phineas dewitt tears blurred violet 's eyes .
` ` are you all right , violet ? ''
` ` he understood , violet .
a piece of yellowed notebook paper , folded into one of the intricate designs that violet had learned in high school , fell onto the grass .
` ` violet , you realize you 're everything to me , right ?
` ` that would not make me happy , '' violet said .
` ` then what would make you happy , violet ? ''
- that thursday , violet dashed out of jonathan lyons middle school with the final bell .
jonathan smiled at violet as she rushed out the door and gave her a kiss as she came to his side .
they flew into new york city just as the sun was setting , and violet stifled a few yawns as jonathan ushered her into a sedan and urged the driver toward an unfamiliar address .
when the driver parked on the street outside of a club , violet gave jonathan a curious look .
puzzled , violet kept her thoughts to herself as jonathan ushered her inside and through the club , then down a back hallway .
there was a bodyguard in the hall , standing in front of a door , and violet almost missed the bizarre hand gesture jonathan gave him .
` ` hi , '' violet said , looking at jonathan curiously .
` ` i ' ve brought violet to meet my brothers , '' jonathan said , a proud look on his face as he tugged violet forward .
` ` i ' ve brought violet to meet my brothers , '' jonathan said , a proud look on his face as he tugged violet forward .
` ` red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo , violet . ''
i tell him my story , growing up in sherman oaks , college at ucla , a few years at violet summers , the fashion brand , then launching the fashion hound with todd 's help , then the sale .
with its empire waist and wide spaghetti straps , the violet colored cocktail dress came just below her knees .
the end one : violet one by one , i watch the people in the rows in front of me stand up and introduce themselves .
more loud banging , so loud and violet i was uncertain my door could withstand it and i wondered if some of it was kicking then , ` ` i know you 're all in there !
i ' m not either of ya 'll 's neighbor or best friend , '' she lifted a hand , finger pointed down , her well - formed nail , i distractedly noticed , painted an awesome midnight violet color .
then i dressed in jeans and a thin , violet , boat neck sweater that had a wide dip at the top of the back and a tie across my shoulders holding the sides together .
chapter three signing bonus i sat in the passenger seat of my own car , the glossy , violet and ice blue cardboard folder that carried our wedding photos and a large envelope with our marriage certificate was sitting on my thighs , a huge bouquet of roses was in my hand , the vegas traffic was heavy , walker was driving us back to the hotel .
if i knew you could be married by liberace , even if i was head over heels in love with the man i married and thinking i was starting a life that would last forever , i 'd blow off the traditional and go for liberace in a chapel festooned with violet , ice blue and a liberal hand with silver gilding .
i went to my lingerie drawer , dug under my stuff and pulled out the glossy violet and ice blue folder .
` ` i need to phone violet and get her up to speed .
i ' m happy for you to take violet and run . ''
cadeon has taken violet away .
the only people missing were prudence , cadeon , and violet .
` ` i ' ve sent her to be with cadeon and violet .
maybe you should get her to talk with violet . ''
cadeon stood on the other side with violet beside him .
james thought it would be good for you to talk with violet .
prue watched as cadeon cupped violet 's cheeks and slammed his lips down on hers .
` ` i ' m fine , and i 'll call the moment i need you , '' violet said .
she could n't believe violet was younger than she .
there was no reaction from violet .
violet smiled , sipping her coffee .
i do n't know if i helped or hindered , '' violet said .
` ` i ' m grateful for everything you ' ve done , violet .
cadeon and violet will be stopping by .
` ` violet had a little girl , '' he said , starting up a conversation .
there were a few points throughout the pregnancy when it looked like violet would n't make it . ''
cadeon held a little baby in his arms with violet at his side .
the bridesmaids consisted of veronica , violet , anya , becky , isabella , and rebecca .
cadeon stood with violet as they took it in turns to hold their baby .
i know violet , the woman he 's married to .
james expected the thoroughness , especially after the mistake he 'd made with violet .
give violet all the best . ''
the rumours where she 'd worked about cadeon had been similar , with the way he 'd been with violet up until she married him .
` ` i know this all started with violet .
` ` i want you to meet her , and i want her to meet violet and ursula . ''
sorry , violet , you 're not the most talkative . ''
she smiled at violet .
` ` this is not our place , '' violet said .
` ` what about you , violet ? ''
` ` ursula and violet are worried about something . ''
` ` it all started with violet .
her mother had been one of dominic green 's prostitutes , and violet had no choice but to run from him . ''
he 'd have put violet to work , and she 'd have been killed or something worse . ''
the end of part one chapter one stephen knox stared at his friend cadeon ashwood where he sat across the room with his woman , violet , who sat in his lap .
it had been three months since some sick f**k had tried to take violet and use her as a sex slave in his prostitution business .
fortunately , with the help of other members at the exclusive club , violet had been saved .
cadeon joined him while violet disappeared out of the room .
` ` violet does n't understand you . ''
he shook his friend 's hand , looking over his shoulder to see if violet was there .
` ` violet is not ready for that , '' cadeon said .
she was a full woman like violet , and she had a small , rounded tummy .
i took violet with me , and rebecca liked her .
in fact , that 's where violet is now . ''
cadeon , with violet and lucas , walked in first .
he held violet at his side , a protective arm around his woman .
stephen introduced her to violet .
she stood with violet .
she saw violet sitting on the counter waiting for him .
` ` i missed you , '' violet said .
` ` violet is with ursula .
` ` violet went out shopping there .
ursula stood with violet .
` ` then how come his name is on the lease of the same warehouse where that f**ker took violet ? ''
` ` cadeon 's woman , violet , came from a lot less . ''
she hid violet away so she did n't have the same life as her .
cadeon loved violet , and he could overlook her past .
also , cadeon and violet .
cadeon did the same to violet .
seconds later , she sat with violet sipping her beer .
ursula spat beer out of her mouth , the action so sudden violet jumped .
` ` they wo n't approach the table , '' violet said .
ursula listened to violet .
ursula lifted her hand up to show violet the ring .
after some time violet offered to take her ' round the club .
do you remember all the men who were with dominic the night we took violet back ?
most of the time violet sat in one area waiting for cadeon , but ursula liked exploring every area of the club .
is something wrong with violet ? ''
` ` violet is fine .
i think the abandoned warehouse from where dominic took violet would be the best location . ''
i paid a pretty penny for violet .
` ` you 're not having violet , '' cadeon yelled .
i want someone to stay at the hospital with ursula and violet . ''
` ` i know where they are , '' violet said .
she buckled her seat belt as violet floored it .
we figured violet and ursula would pay that bill , '' eugene said .
` ` violet is the daughter of one of dominic 's deceased workers .
dominic discovered it , but violet had already fled to the states .
unlike the other employees who 'd smiled , violet did n't offer a smile .
her mother had n't thought about anyone but herself when she 'd opened her veins on the day violet had graduated .
* * * * cadeon watched as violet left his office .
he was a man who knew what he wanted , and he wanted violet .
by the end of the day when he was ready to leave he found violet gathering her purse from the cloak room .
the car pulled away , and violet attacked the door .
` ` stop it , violet . ''
was his violet a little submissive at heart ?
* * * * ` ` listen to me , violet .
` ` you 're scaring me , '' violet said .
her mother might have been a whore , but violet had loved her with all of her heart .
having violet in his house was supposed to make him feel easier .
according to the file , nothing brilliant stood out about violet moore .
his possessiveness rose every time violet entered the room .
walking into the room , he saw violet was still asleep , but she was plagued with bad dreams .
chapter four violet stretched , coming awake and opening her eyes .
shut up , violet .
the day she killed herself was the day the old violet ceased to exist .
` ` i can feel your heart beating , violet . ''
there is something about you , violet .
cadeon bent his head , and violet could n't stop him .
keep yourself whole , violet .
` ` violet , i hate to break this to you , but no one knows where you are . ''
alone , violet brushed out her hair .
` ` look , according to most records a violet moore did n't exist before three years ago . ''
the first elevator ride with violet , he 'd stood at the back .
without it , cadeon was sure he 'd have gone insane with wanting since violet walked into his life .
cadeon knew with violet he had to take everything slow .
in his mind 's eye he saw violet , on her knees , naked .
chapter five violet stared at the computer as stacey hovered in the background .
` ` come on ... '' violet gasped as a hand grabbed her arm .
as he went to move away violet could n't control her legs .
his arms moved round her , and violet went into them willingly .
do you want me to continue training violet ? ''
* * * * cadeon finished his call keeping an eye on violet .
before violet had walked into his life , he did have what he wanted .
glancing over at violet he knew he needed to visit soon .
what was it about violet moore that made him nervous ?
` ` i ' m not hungry , '' violet said .
after dinner finished , he walked violet up to shower and change .
cadeon thought of violet , the innocent with a dark past surrounding her .
until violet came to work in his office building he 'd never felt such need before .
when another man talked to violet , the violence within him struck hard .
cadeon thought of violet , alone in his bed .
i wo n't argue with you , violet .
` ` i ' m not going to lie to you , violet .
get into bed , violet . ''
trust me , violet . ''
i ' m yours , violet . ''
` ` trust me , violet .
` ` you want to be with me , violet .
stunned , violet did n't respond straight away .
he gave violet his first ever love bite .
staring at the marks on her mother 's skin , violet wished she could do something to make her happy .
at ten years old violet was already learning when to keep her mouth shut .
at eighteen , violet knew she was getting ready to leave home .
` ` violet ... . '' she screamed as the voice shook her .
` ` violet ... . '' ` ` no , she 's dead .
chapter eight waking up early the next morning , cadeon left violet to sleep a little longer .
cadeon opened his emails and checked them through before going to the file he kept on violet .
by the time he walked out of his office , violet sat at the kitchen counter , watching anne make breakfast .
` ` good morning , violet , '' he said as she took the seat next to her .
anne placed a bowl in front of violet and a cup of coffee in front of him .
` ` violet , we did n't have sex last night , '' he said .
once breakfast was done , he took violet to the waiting limo .
he sat staring at violet as she looked out the tinted window .
` ` you work for me , violet .
you 're mine , violet , and i do n't share .
* * * * violet had n't lived a life where she got many presents .
staring at the computer screen of violet moore , he wondered what was different about her from so many other women .
the numbers on the screen were doing nothing to distract him from the vision of violet .
taking the food over to his desk , he looked at violet .
do you want to please me , violet ? ''
chapter eleven the week passed , and slowly violet became aware of the system of how stacey worked .
in his eye , cadeon saw violet withering in pleasure .
` ` i ' ve known violet for a year , and my heart feels like it will burst every time i stare at her , '' he said to stephen .
driving home , cadeon thought about violet .
going to the kitchen , he found violet bent over the oven , pulling out a tray of dark mounded cakes .
` ` tell me more , '' violet asked , moving to sit beside him .
while violet loaded up boxes with the iced cupcakes , cadeon rinsed the dishes and equipment she 'd used .
` ` i want to f**k you , violet .
` ` come for me , violet .
being with violet meant more to him than having a quick f**k . simply holding her gave him so much peace that he imagined he could live without f**king .
` ` i love you , violet moore , '' he whispered , kissing her on the temple .
chapter twelve the following morning , violet woke up to the scent of coffee .
from the distance away from the couple , violet saw the emotion on her face .
violet felt frozen in place .
` ` i should go , '' violet said .
grabbing olivia by the arm , violet watched the scuffle which took place .
` ` i take pride in making love to a woman , violet .
` ` listen to me , violet .
because i ' ve had that , violet .
` ` i love you , violet . ''
he knew when he left this bed , violet would be his for the rest of his life .
violet deserved roses and flowers .
chapter thirteen violet knew she would n't tell him a thing about her past .
when he leaned down and kissed her lips , his hands on her br**sts , violet met him kiss for kiss and stroke for stroke .
tate threw down the piece of paper with all of violet 's past history .
he dealt in security , but hearing the crap that violet had been put through he was ready to do some damage .
this is n't just about violet moore .
he fed violet , getting turned on as he watched the plump fruit pass her lips , making him think of his c**k in her mouth .
` ` do you trust me , violet ? ''
` ` you 're doing so well , violet .
` ` this will be the only time i repeat myself , violet .
are you ready to serve your master , violet ? ''
` ` violet , '' he said with a warning tone to his voice .
` ` i wo n't hurt you , violet .
the sensation of having her ass and pu**y filled with the attention on her cl*t was too much for violet .
inside violet was so many secrets , and he wanted to uncover every one .
` ` you 're a select club who ca n't bear to think of your woman with another man , and so in order for you to be around like - minded men , you go to a club called possession , '' violet said .
` ` violet , will you come with me tonight ? ''
` ` this is what you do to me , violet .
the words drew violet 's attention away from the men .
seeing how large they all were , violet suddenly felt petrified .
` ` they 're my friends , violet .
` ` pleasure to meet you , violet . ''
nodding his head in agreement , he went in search of tate and violet .
even violet knew she was in danger .
glaring at sean where he was touching her arm , he took violet by the hand .
` ` let me have this , violet .
something happened that night that violet was n't completely clear on .
` ` i ' ve got you some toast , violet , if you want to come and sit down , '' anne said as she 'd turned around .
` ` hello , violet .
i would like some tea , and seeing as how violet let me in instead of you , it 's her place to get rid of me , not yours . ''
the change in the other woman shocked violet .
olivia laughed , the sound making violet 's hairs stand on end .
` ` he 's a dom , violet .
the lash of words struck violet as no other physical hit could .
her head ached , and the way the other woman kept raising her voice and pointing her finger made it harder for violet to focus .
the door slammed making violet jump .
his business was taking time away from being with violet .
if olivia had ruined any of his chances with violet , he would make sure she suffered .
if there are any damages between violet and me , i 'll hold you personally responsible , '' he said .
closing his eyes he thought about violet .
you 'll leave violet alone , or i 'll be forced to take matters further .
i would never hurt you , violet . ''
when he did n't budge , violet calmed down until she stood in his arms , panting for breath .
olivia had placed her claws into the situation , and violet could n't find an escape .
` ` trust me , violet , to make it good for you . ''
i want you to be clear on this , violet .
she might not know it , but violet was completely turned on by the situation .
` ` you ' ve got a past , violet .
` ` i want you , violet .
in a matter of days the information on violet would be with him , and they 'd expect payment .
cadeon smiled and was about to tell her all about violet , when he stopped .
i can talk to violet and come to an understanding .
he wondered how much pent - up emotion violet kept within her .
` ` what does he want with violet ? ''
that violet is a whore ? ''
her mother gave birth in secret , and she kept violet a secret .
cadeon glanced down at the baby photos of violet .
` ` you ever wondered why violet talks really slow and watches everyone ? ''
her full name was dakota violet walter .
however , they had n't burnt his church or house to the ground , and we had the paperwork for violet .
` ` are you telling me , violet is in trouble ? ''
` ` do n't lie to me , violet .
how the f**k had dominic found out so much information about violet ?
the park was deserted , and violet was n't anywhere to be seen .
to add insult to injury , the very man violet was running from was seen near his house .
she told them where to find violet . ''
he thought about violet .
* * * * violet was panicking , her heart pounding in her chest .
no matter how many times he threatened her , violet was determined to fight to the bitter end .
smiling , violet stared him in the eye .
if dominic was here then they had a small window of opportunity before he took violet forever .
he was to stay back and until they gave him a clear shot to grab violet .
he 'd make sure after all this was over he 'd be funding someone to help girls in a similar or the same situation as violet .
* * * * kevin , tate , stephen and sean stood watching as cadeon held violet in his arms .
chapter twenty - five a week later violet sat on the couch as cadeon worked on his computer .
` ` then marry me , violet .
anne pulled out the champagne bottle , and violet laughed .
i 'll make you happy , violet . ''
* * * * cadeon left anne to care for violet while he went back to the club .
you 'd find the information i need on violet , and in return i 'd give rebecca to you . ''
since dominic green had taken his wife and his friends had saved her , violet trained with tate and sean once a week .
he 'd warned the other masters before he arrived about violet and her lack of knowledge .
cadeon felt his c**k stirring as he imagined using a similar tool on violet 's full , round ass .
cadeon heard violet gasp as the whip came down on the woman 's ass .
cadeon moved his hand up violet 's thigh , beneath the skirt to find her wetness .
as each scene played out , violet got hotter and hotter .
when james sat back on the chair and told the woman to sit on his cock , violet began to thrust her pelvis onto cadeon 's hand .
` ` like us , violet .
he felt violet was at the peak .
ultra violet , or a deep red as she called it .
if she had been named petunia or violet , would she have been petite and cute , with a button nose and straight brown hair ?
a perfect cross between lily 's soft beauty and travis 's ridiculously masculine good looks , violet was a stunner .
he would n't believe it until he saw her twirl violet and sam , dressed in pink lace , around in lily and travis 's living room .
the dress was a rich shade of eggplant , bringing out some hint of violet in her midnight - blue eyes .
savannah examined her reflection in the mirror , wondering if the low - cut violet dress she 'd chosen was too sexy for a first date .
his eyes ate her up , taking in the little violet dress and silver open - toed sandals she wore .
` ` it 's a white violet . ''
terras violet gaze lowered to the floor .
but he did so , and only afterwards found that what he had caught was a small vial containing a dark violet liquid .
pierre cursed as he kicked at one leg of the deep violet loveseat inside the sitting room .
anya straightened her deep violet skirt and the collar of her gown before nodding to stephen .
the dark violet eustoma or lisianthus flower that grows natively in warm regions of the southern united states mexico .
the saffron w/ its huge lily fragrance from its blue violet petals .
sadie commented wryly , adjusting the ponytail falling over her violet sweatshirt that was long enough to tuck into comfortable black jeans .
my sister , violet , she s a lot like jenn in ways , maybe not as frightening , but her personality is on the same line .
chapter 17 i kept looking from alex to violet , that s why she had looked so familiar , she was his sister .
everyone was doing the same as me , observing alex and then observing violet and shaking their heads , astonished at the odds .
after what seemed like hours , violet shoved her way passed john and approached alex .
a long moment of them hugging passed by and then violet pushed alex away from her , her face now looked angry for some reason .
a small tear fell from violets eye and she wiped it away with the palm of her hand .
after several seconds of violet staring at me , she opened her arms and wrapped them around me .
alex frowned and let go of violet .
alex introduced violet to everyone and then we all went inside and explained to carly what was going on .
she was super happy for alex and greeted violet with a huge hug .
well violet , selena is actually pregnant .
when violet could breathe again , she looked at alex and let out a few more small coughs .
john nodded and violet shook her head with a smile on her face , she then looked back at me and alex .
as we spoke , lapis came trotting down the stairs and he stopped and looked at violet .
i bit my lip and looked at violet .
i smiled at her and i looked back at violet .
the other man and woman looked from violet to alex and huge smiles formed on their faces .
look at you , violet said that you guys got married and had a kid .
alex nodded and looked from violet to jack .
everyone got quiet and violet looked up , her face was nervous .
i i did nt know how violet stopped talking when a car door slammed outside .
he had dark brown hair and bright blue eyes , the same color as violets .
mike looked from alex to violet .
no alex , she s not dead , she s she s what violet ?
when violet was a baby , she got pnemonia and almost died , mike was nt there .
jack pat alex on the back once more and then he went into the living room to talk to violet , brian and lee .
we watched as jack and cindy talked to lee and brian and violet .
they told violet that they were gon na go , she seemed freaked out that everyone was leaving but she did nt care enough to go with them .
when they were gone , that s when alex and i went to speak with violet .
we were silent for a moment and then i looked at violet , curiosity flooding my expression .
i asked lapis while looking at violet .
why only violet and karren ?
when it was just lapis , alex , violet and i in the room , alex looked at vie .
as i ate , jenn and scott explained to alex what they told me and by the time i was done with breakfast , dan and violet returned home .
alex frowned , looked at me and then back at violet .
he had been spending a lot less time with sammy and a lot more time with violet .
he took every available opportunity to tell violet the cool things he could do .
i was fine with this and so was she , violet was to britny as jenn was to me so we were all happy .
after dinner , we needed some stuff from the store so alex and violet took off to town .
i want alex to like me because of violet .
you , you like violet .
alex hates me so why the hell would he let me like violet ?
if he hates me and i like violet then hell have a jackass dad and a jackass brother - in - law .
jackass brother - in - law , john , violet has to like you too before you can fill that role , the brother - in - law role anyway .
so , why violet ?
alex and violet got home and were bringing groceries in when alexs shoulder began to hurt like crazy .
kid , this is nt good , alex and violet are nt going to be happy about mike .
alex will be fine , john assured , its violet you need to worry about .
what happen a loud scream came from violet before alex could finish that thought .
a saw a tear fall from violets eye and then she ran inside the house .
hey , i need to go and check on violet .
i smiled at her and then i ran up the stairs and into violets room , i assumed she would be in there along with alex and john .
when i entered the room , john was sitting on the bed and violet had her head in his lap and a blanket thrown over her .
he kissed it and then we both looked over at violet .
i think violet should have someone here in case she wakes up and needs help .
yep , violet woke up along with john but sam , britt and randy are still crashed , jenn and scott were up earlier , they went somewhere with jesse , they should be back any time .
sam told me that alex had gone over to the other house to check on violet and to call everyone and tell them about mike .
when we got to the other house , violet and john were eating breakfast and britney and randy were nt here .
i think it was probably harder for violet .
he put his hand over the phone and called violet over , she came and he handed her the phone .
violet and john had been spending more time together than usual , of course john was ecstatic about this and violet liked it too .
lapis was good , carly and dan were good , john and violet were good .
john would nt talk to alex about his feelings for violet in fear of his life .
john had nt kept his promise to me , as far as i knew , to talk to alex about violet and him .
although there is something that violet sighed and both john and alex looked at her .
i love violet and i do nt want you to think that i m liking her because i m trying to get on your nerves .
poor john , he really did love violet and i knew that he did .
honestly , i think if anyone can keep you in check its violet .
john and violet were ecstatic to be able to admire one another in public .
you see , the mother was in a coma that she could never come out of so , technically , the only heir was the daughter , violet .
you looked so much like karen and violet , i knew it could nt be coincidental .
well , four months later when i was organized and knew what i was doing , i began to search , i knew that your name was alex carter and it matched violet and karens last name so i knew exactly where to start .
get out , tell violet to get out because things are never going to be the way they were , its dangerous .
i m not sure about violet or britney and randy .
after britney and randy , we went up to john and violet .
she knew everything about mike and violet and alex and i. alex was happy that his mother was ok and so was i !
he opened the door to a lovely room with pale violet paint and african violets on the chest of drawers .
i recognized the room as the violet room from greys house , but i certainly did nt remember this nightgown .
the smooth stones were different shades of gray , violet , blue , and tan .
anita was dressed in a long tan colored dress , covered with sheer iridescent material in shades of violet , blues , and pinks .
~*~ two days later suzanne floated down the steps in a snug violet traveling outfit .
the magnificent orchids of all colors were her favorites and the blossoming trees were as lovely as the flowers , some boasting hues of brilliant violet , while others sported vibrant scarlet patches .
its wingspan was as broad as both of her opened hands and the vivid colors were flamboyant gold , red , green and shimmering violet .
her shoulder - length , dark brown hair was held back in a ponytail and her beautiful violet eyes wore only minimal make - up .
the soft crack and pop of embers could n't pull cayson 's attention away from the smoky violet eyes of amanda .
in the middle , where the most yellow and orange could be found zinging through the canvas , was a clash of the blue and red , turning the colors violet , indigo , magenta and pink .
he smiled , his eyes turning an intoxicating violet in the failing light .
little was i aware that violet fancied my written works greatly .
as time progressed , violet became the reason i held on to this thin rope of life .
the plane violet boarded was buried in the heart of this turbulent storm .
it was but a diminutive glimpse of what violet was embraced in .
thank you , riley , she said , sliding the vase closer and tracing a finger across one of the violet petals .
the girl stared at me with eyes a deep violet so beautiful i could nt believe they were real .
jennie and jessica helped kelly pick out the wedding dress of her dreams and pale violet bridesmaid dresses for them to wear .
he looked on in horror as ivanovs red complexion deepened in color to an unhealthy shade of violet .
pure gold illuminated the skyline melding into shades of orange and intensifying as it swelled , blending hues of rich pink and purple then deepening to violet as it shepherded night to day .
the other baby was just as quiet , her eyes a startling violet blue that also appeared excessively knowing for her age .
she reached out her senses and the violet of her eyes were swallowed by her pupils .
it glimmered in a violet sheen that engaged his every sense .
her eyes opened and shone that radiant violet .
within the next minute she was glowing with a beautiful violet light .
sophie turned watery violet eyes up to the detective .
the violet had disappeared behind the black of sophies pupils.morgan shook sophie .
flipping the hangers past her from left to right she coordinated an ensemble of a violet and black patterned cotton sweater and a slim skirt paired up with sensible sandals as the day was warm and bright .
i remember going to the club , and i remember the promise i made to my best friend , violet .
everyone except violet .
and they were black snakeskin boots , violet snapped .
my friend violet .
i looked up to see violet scowling at me from the entrance , holding the glass door open with one hand .
a thirty - day vacation , from which there is no escape , violet mumbled , and i could nt exactly argue .
i m trying to do you a favor here , violet .
you re clearly traumatized by what went down that night in the coffee cave and you obviously need some sort of therapy , violet , so why not just get it here ?
i clapped my hand over her mouth , but violet shook me off .
rules always sound more like dares to me , but they d worked for violet , until i d let her down on her birthday .
but violet only rolled her eyes and continued as if i had nt spoken .
i glanced at the front desk , where violet was still filling out forms .
thanks to violet .
i gave him my best deep - eye - contact smile , then headed back to check on violet .
before that night at the coffee shop , those chunks had been easy to fill with violet , when she was free , and with parties , when violet was nt free .
before that night at the coffee shop , those chunks had been easy to fill with violet , when she was free , and with parties , when violet was nt free .
noah would know how to fill the hours that violet and partying had left empty .
i damn , i wanted to say yes , but that was nt what i d promised violet .
so why had i spent nearly two hours trying on clothes , both mine and the outfits violet kept in my closet to hide from her super - conservative parents ?
at the foot of the stairs , i turned right and headed past the front desk , tugging violets billowy print blouse into place over the waistband of my own snugbut mid - lengthyellow shorts .
i promised violet .
i promised violet i d get my life together , and i meant it .
seriously , violet says they re going to name the next hurricane after me .
heard anything from violet ?
what i d wanted to tell violet .
before i d trusted anyone other than violet .
those were the only friends i had left , since violet was still in rehabthe irony had never stung so badly as it did in that momentand my only other alternative was to hang out alone in my dorm room , with nothing and no one around to distract me from how badly i wanted a drink .
there d always been a part of me that thought i deserved the videos , and the names , and the less - than - subtle snickers because i d known when i took the first drink of the night that at some point i would lose control , not just of the drinking , but of myself , and that violet wouldntcouldntalways be there to make sure i got home okay .
so , i took violet out for her twenty - first birthday .
so when violet realized we were both too drunk to drive , she took charge .
then everyone was freaking out , and someone said we should burn the body , and i told everyone violet could take care of that , because her parents own a funeral home , and she was so pissed at me .
and that s the last thing i m sure of until violet called the next day to tell me she got arrested for dui .
but i could nt possibly know that , and neither could she , at least until shed heard from violet .
but i ca nt remember who they were , other than violet , and i ca nt remember what they were saying .
later , violet said that was their guarantee that no one would talk about it .
it is short , slim in the waist , and violet .
the witchs violet colored hair was hanging loose around her shoulders in waves and carries pentagram necklace gleamed right at her ample cleavage .
i took my place with my violet bouquet in tow , and could nt help but be spellbound as candice walked down the aisle on her fathers arm .
almost immediately , red came from his hand and melded with the blue , tinting it a deep violet shade .
i was wearing a deep violet purple cheongsam with gold thread work and bright , embroidered flowers .
her violet dress brought out the sienna in her coloring , and her hair fell in free loose curls .
contents copyright westward winds by linda bridey 1 - chapter one 1 - chapter two 1 - chapter three 1 - chapter four 1 - chapter five 1 - chapter six 1 - chapter seven 1 - chapter eight 1 - chapter nine 1 - chapter ten 1 - chapter eleven 1 - chapter twelve 1 - chapter thirteen 1 - epilogue violet 's mail order husband by kate whitsby 2 - chapter 1 2 - chapter 2 2 - chapter 3 2 - chapter 4 2 - chapter 5 2 - chapter 6 2 - chapter 7 2 - chapter 8 2 - chapter 9 2 - chapter 10 2 - chapter 11 2 - chapter 12 2 - chapter 13 2 - chapter 14 2 - chapter 15 2 - chapter 16 2 - chapter 17 2 - chapter 18 2 - chapter 19 2 - chapter 20 2 - chapter 21 2 - chapter 22 2 - chapter 23 2 - chapter 24 2 - chapter 25 2 - chapter 26 2 - chapter 27 2 - chapter 28 2 - chapter 29 recommended books connect with linda bridey connect with kate whitsby westward winds by linda bridey chapter one maureen oconnor watched her eldest daughter once again turn down a request to dance .
* * * * * * violet 's mail order husband by kate whitsby chapter 1 you know i do nt approve of your mail - order husband idea , violet .
when violet looked at chuck , he smiled at her .
with his fingers locked together , he leaned back to the furthest extent of his arms and began twirling around the silver post , accelerating faster and faster with each revolution he made , until so fast was the rate of his turning that he became a whispering silver disc shrinking in size and increasing in speed and thereby reducing the boundaries between himself and the universe to an inaudible shriek of shimmering light growing warmer and warmer and turning faster and faster and getting smaller and smaller and speeding inward toward the very origin of his own time he became a bright incandescent blistering hot burning fiery red yellow blue violet invisible - light .
she had black , short and spiky hair and violet colored eyes that made me want to go get a pair of contacts the same shade .
the lights reflected off of jeremiel 's glossy black feathers and exposed the underlying violet which reminded her a bit of a grackle in the sunlight .
his eyes waxed a shade of blue so deep they were almost like a lawn full of violets in the sun .
cassie stared into the intense blue eyes , which had darkened beyond violet to almost match his violet - black wings .
jeremiel retreated back behind his unreadable expression , his eyes more navy blue than violet , but he did not appear to be angry .
he had watched her incredible violet eyes flash back at him .
on each of the tables was a violet - colored tablecloth , and a bronze candelabra decorated with purple and yellow flowers .
she has these unusual violet , almond shaped eyes , which are huge and wide set .
her eyes had simply popped open of their own accord to see a violet predawn canvas giving way to ribbons of salmon pink .
the sun was so far down in the sky that only the upper rim of the canyon was lit , the reds and golds and purples of the rock catching fire in the sunset , while the sky had taken on a deep violet hue .
reds and blues and greens , the brilliant white of diamonds , the lavender and violet of amethyst , and the golden glow of topaz and citrine .
a dark violet cocktail dress is hanging at the front .
the words came from the doorway , and anthony turned his head to find mrs . chilcott standing there dressed in a violet gown that suited her complexion immensely .
he stood for twenty minutes in the bedding aisle at target , trying to choose a manly sheet set , then picked the ones with a violet pattern , because he liked violets and who else was ever going to see his sheets , anyway ?
he could smell her perfume , a lovely violet scent , but underneath that was the scent of lust , a deeper , earthier smell that called to him and made his body react in response to hers .
damien recognized what the presence was , and in that same instant the wind shifted and he smelled her perfume , a hint of violet .
just behind him was a woman : slender and startlingly beautiful , with will and cecily 's ink - black hair and blue eyes as dark as violets .
blue , violet , red , and green skin flashed past ; green hair as long and netted as a web of seaweed brushed restlessly against a dirty pil ow ; taloned fingers gripped the wooden sides of a bunk as someone moaned .
she caught sight also of the dead white faces of vampires , and a few of the violet and red - hued ifrits , all dressed in the height of fashion .
some were bare- faced , though , including a group of women whose hair was muted tints of lavender , green , and violet .
but she stood a few feet away in a flowing skirt and peasant blouse of muted colors - violets beneath a spring rain , the sky just before a storm .
quickly , i walked up the violet colored carpet path and placed my hands on her arm rest , leaning down .
still , he was sitting cross - legged on the bed , his white t - shirt glowing violet in the black light .
daniel 's eyes looked like they were falling , all the violet that had been in them a moment before turned a deep , dark gray .
it was as if a violet glow illuminated his path back through the forest .
like the violet glow she 'd seen during the library fire .
everything around them was bathed in that soft violet light .
the windowpane looking out on the cemetery cast a violet shine on the first hint of dull yellow morning light outside .
his eyes were all violet , no gray .
his eyes flashed violet and she could tell he was getting angry .
that was when she felt certain that daniel knew about the glowing violet light .
daniel 's face - the way it had been bathed in violet light when he 'd carried her home this morning - appeared before her eyes .
luce wanted to stop her - to make her answer for what she 'd done , and what she 'd almost done - but then part of the silver twinkling light took on the faintest violet hue and began to form the outline of a figure .
she gazed into it , pressing her face to the window to look for him , and before the plane straightened out again , she thought she saw the smallest flash of violet .
far below was the brilliant bay , dotted with white sailboats and the beginning notes of a violet sunset .
for just a moment , the touch of his skin on hers , coupled with the bright violet glow of his eyes , and her days - old rising need to grab hold of him and never let go -- it all made luce pinely dizzy .
his eyes burned violet -- not with anger but with intense desire .
an image of his pleading violet eyes tugged at her heart while she stood under a damp gray sky .
there was no darkness , no more cold , just the lovely sensation of being bathed in his violet glow .
the violet in his eyes practically glowed .
she used to dream about his kiss , his smile , his gorgeous violet eyes , his body holding hers .
he crossed his arms broodingly over his chest and did something luce had never seen before : he made his eyes flash violet .
no eyes glowed violet behind their visor .
daniel 's eyes were blearier than she was used to , but they still glowed the brightest violet as they gazed at her face , studying her features as if seeing her anew .
a violet glow is nice .
the violet light you saw around me at sword and cross , for example .
the ocean had preserved it , and the glow of daniel 's glory cast a haunting violet sheen on its quiet old stones .
all she had to do was follow his dark violet gaze .
the violet in his eyes blazed a little brighter for a moment .
daniel 's eyes burned violet as he flew around the wing , moving from one scaffolded restoration station to another , then to a wide marble table that looked like one of the museum restorers ' workstations .
his violet eyes began to pulse , and soon his entire being seemed to be glowing - a smile of recognition spread across his face .
she heard him sigh and knew , even without looking , the precise shade his eyes would be glowing now : a deep , wild lupine violet .
his face was ashen , his eyes burning with such a concentrated violet it was hard to hold their gaze .
his eyes glowed with the same intoxicating violet , but he was n't looking at her .
his eyes glowed the most potent shade of violet she had ever seen .
when he smiled , she saw that his eyes were beautifully gray with just a hint of - was that violet ?
she looked at him , at his eyes , which were most definitely a shade of violet .
after a year apart she still looks the same to me except her hair is longer and dyed a deep magenta , some would call it violet .
note after note hit me : rose , violet , sandalwood , orange , vanilla , orchid ... by the time i was finished , my nose barely worked anymore .
` ` she is standing to the right , on the edge of the dance floor , in the violet silk gown .
she worked her jaw and licked her lips , her violet eyes dark and questioning .
she glanced at him then , her violet gaze tortured .
the violet eyes sparked dangerously .
pillows like lily pads , muted violet and evergreen , had been tossed about haphazardly .
` ` violet '' knocks on my door thirty minutes later .
the girl i ' ve named violet pulls off her jacket and looks for somewhere to place it .
it is flaccid , but its quiescent length still makes violet 's eyes widen .
` ` if you change your mind , just say you want violet again . ''
the skin beneath his eyes had a violet cast , as if he 'd slept as badly as she had last night .
the violet shadows beneath her eyes attested to sleepless nights .
he fished through his pocket and pulled out a bent tin locket with a painted violet on its face .
he packed the violet wand on a whim , it was not really his favorite implement but he took it anyway and then he jumped in a cab , heading for the club .
` ` it 's a violet wand .
he chuckled , ` ` the violet wand is terrific .
she was definitely no shrinking violet .
i ' m sure violet has the coffee going and probably some of her okra and stewed tomatoes already on the stove .
hettie 's violet gaze bored into him .
the table was elegant without being showy , and violet 's fried chicken , warming in the oven , was to die for .
` ` is that some of violet 's fried chicken i smell ? ''
they ate violet 's fried chicken and then took coffee and lemon meringue pie into the living room .
she should have had violet make some of her cookies for him .
` ` violet says reverend bill is particularly fond of her key lime pie .
` ` i do n't think bill would turn down a soulmate based on the color of her skin , '' lola may said , ` ` but violet must be pushing sixty .
and i ' m sure he 's just there because of violet 's cooking . ''
not putting so much extra work on violet 's shoulders . ''
in past years , violet would come out here and do the work .
she was thinking about letting violet take a paid vacation .
there was no more than an inch or two upon the sill , and the sky was now clear , a cold deep violet , full of stars .
the western sky had changed to a luminous violet , the final stars almost gone .
melissa pulled a gown so pale a violet it nearly looked white at first glance .
she 'd shoved it on the shelf next to the biographies she favored , but the odd violet color refused to blend with the other spines .
probably a matching violet .
do n't think i ' m some ditzy shrinking violet you can manipulate with your charm . ''
now , the truth of her lunacy mocked her in neon violet .
when he 'd asked her about the book , she 'd stood looking at him in confusion , the violet smudges that appeared beneath her eyes a silent testimony to the trauma his words had inflicted .
carefully applied violet eyeliner had enhanced her blue eyes , given her a smoky , sophisticated look , and blush highlighted her high cheekbones .
i can still see every last thing in the china cabinet in the living room : mama 's great - grandfather 's hand - painted cake stand ( he was an artist , she said , and won a competition with that cake stand , a hundred years ago ) , the dozen crystal goblets that daddy 's mother left him , along with the cut - glass olive dish and the cup and saucer hand - painted with violets and gilt rims .
feeling pleased with this plan , i put back the plain wooden cup , and instead ceremoniously set out my sole china cup and saucer , a delicate bit of porcelain jocasta had given me , hand - painted with violets .
the shadows were already falling long , violet and chill across the snow .
it shone in the dim light of the transept , thick and soft against the dark violet of her jumper .
when the shadows on the snow turned violet with the sinking sun , though , i began to listen for him with an increasing intensity .
it rode high and perfect in an endless evening sky of pale violet , its reflection swallowed by the indigo sea .
the sun had sunk below the angled slope of the mountain , but the light still lingered , a brief wash of color that stained the trees and rocks gold around us and flushed the distant peaks with blue and violet .
in life , you got the blues and reds and pinks and lavenders of moving blood beneath the skin ; in death , the blood stilled and pooled and darkened ... clay - blue , violet , indigo , purple - brown ... and something new : that delicate , transient green , barely there , that her artist 's mind classified with brutal clarity as ` ` early rot . ''
i had n't any crystal violet or carbofuchsin , but i had been able to produce a reddish stain that made epithelial cells highly visible , if only temporarily .
her wandering gaze noted the profusion of hibiscus flowers adorning water - filled glass jars and the soft violet glow given off by oil - burning lanterns .
` ` i can pull in some violet to give it depth , '' he mused , almost to himself now .
for ten years she had absorbed every little detail about him , turning toward him like a shy little violet reaching for the light .
i pick a bundle - red , pink , yellow , violet .
while the violet color had struck him immediately , now that he was close , he noticed that lexie 's had a touch of light blue around the rims that somehow reminded him of the color of kindness .
the lamplight behind her gave her the faintest halo , and her eyes glowed violet beneath dark lashes .
she emerged from the car looking much the same as she did the first time he 'd seen her , her violet eyes unreadable even as she met his gaze .
her face had an open , almost mournful expression , and her eyes were a luminous violet .
they cast their lines for an hour while the sky turned violet , then indigo , the lures making circular ripples asthey splashed into the water .
eyes a bottomless violet sucked him in as deep as he imagined her wet p**sy would welcome him .
` ` until then , why do n't you stop pretending you 're some shrinking violet and go after nathan ?
her face was pale , her eyes huge and dark with deep violet shadows underneath them .
she watched the room darken and twilight settle on the rolling desert hills , casting long violet shadows on the sand .
cassie stared down at the threadbare violet rug on the hardwood floor .
she had wavy , black hair and bright violet , mischievous eyes .
moira asked , narrowing her violet eyes at him .
she had just silently turned away to the window , and this was where she 'd been sitting ever since , while the light slowly faded and the sky turned first salmon pink and then violet and then black .
the sun was striking them so that little triangles of rainbow fell in the room : bands of violet and green and orangy - red .
in each she was wearing a dangling crystal of a deep violet color .
it turned his impossibly blue eyes to an equally impossible violet .
his blue eyes darkened to near violet , broadcasting just how much he wanted her , too .
she was glad she was wearing clean jeans and a cashmere sweater diana had loaned her , dyed in soft swaths of blue and violet .
` ` yes and you 're ... '' i glanced down at her nametag , ` ` violet , '' i replied .
i was about to cash out and end my shift when violet came in smiling .
i 'd invited violet to join us after her lunch shift and bethy had mentioned inviting another cart girl named carmen who got off later today too .
her eyes were the shade of coastal lupines ... a blue yet violet .
okay , so maybe she was vulnerable , but she definitely was n't a shrinking violet .
i ' ve proven that i ' m not a shrinking violet since xander put his hand between my legs and i did n't flinch . ''
i 'd even be willing to run interference for woodruff and violet if they 'd only show up . ''
darting strands of violet and pink and orange glowed amid all those stars .
he approaches , and there 's a moment where the setting sun is behind him and frames his body , the hues of rose and violet streaking the gray sky .
they 're a shade of violet that could only be made in a new jersey chemical plant .
and with violet nicholas , the world 's most intuitive mother , that was entirely possible .
* * * the sun spilled into the gulf that evening , turning the water a thousand shades of gold and pink , tinged with violet , topped with twilight .
he sure as hell hoped violet had n't cornered her older son to complain that the younger one was n't really dating the girl he 'd brought .
the sun had set , leaving the sky a haunting shade of violet and the water near - black .
that morning , she 'd called someone named violet , who said she would call someone named catherine , and before he 'd even left ava 's apartment , his phone had rung with a call from that same catherine , who had turned out to be someone from ava 's social circle at emerson - and someone who had treated him even worse than ava had - gushing about how much she would love it if he would come to their ` ` little soiree . ''
yep , a tranquil , unsullied life in a comfy , uncluttered cottage all to herself was the only thing violet tandy had ever wanted .
not that violet had ever actually been a call girl , high - priced , high - society or otherwise .
gracie ledbetter , her editor at rockcastle books , had been so swept away by the story , that when she called violet to make an offer on the book , she had admitted that if she did n't know better , she would have thought violet actually was a call girl , and that her novel - and that was how gracie had said it , as if she were italicizing it - was actually a novelization - again with the italics - of her real life experiences .
gracie ledbetter , her editor at rockcastle books , had been so swept away by the story , that when she called violet to make an offer on the book , she had admitted that if she did n't know better , she would have thought violet actually was a call girl , and that her novel - and that was how gracie had said it , as if she were italicizing it - was actually a novelization - again with the italics - of her real life experiences .
in fact , now that violet thought about it , gracie continued to do that - speak of the novel in italics , as if she 'd never quite been convinced that the book was complete fiction .
even now , a year after violet had signed the contract on the completed manuscript and a few weeks after the book 's debut , gracie still asked things like , ` ` does the princess suite at the chicago ambassador hotel really make you feel like a princess when you 're lying on the bed staring up at the castle mural on the ceiling ? ''
not as a ... you know , '' in a way that was n't quite as convincing as violet would have liked .
with any luck , the reading public would react similarly , and the book would soar to the top of the new york times bestseller list , something that would earn violet enough money to buy the snug little norman rockwell house in the chicago suburbs that she 'd always dreamed about .
and convinced violet to take a pen name that sounded a lot racier than her own : raven french .
although violet had been hesitant about that last , she 'd conceded , and the combination had worked brilliantly .
and his scrutiny , although not exactly unwelcome since he was , in case she had n't mentioned it , gorgeous , was beginning to make violet feel a tad squirmy .
of course , violet could n't afford the expensive labels raven needed on the rather modest advance for her book .
for her outfit today , violet ... or , rather , raven ... had opted for clothes by prada and shoes by stuart weitzman .
to complement both , marie had chosen a dazzling ritani jewelry set - a pendant , earrings and bracelet fashioned of exquisite diamonds and amethysts that matched the eyes that had given violet her nickname .
these days , violet thought only about the future .
frankly , violet was n't sure she got that .
a college - aged woman who worked for the bookstore announced it was time to begin , bringing violet 's attention to the matter at hand .
in fact , violet ... she meant raven ... had organized the book so that each chapter after the first - in which roxanne was hired by a chicago madam named isabella , who herself personified society 's obsession with using sex to promote consumerism - was subtitled by the name of one of the character 's many clients .
the woman smiled as she stood , the sort of smile that made violet feel warm and wistful inside , because she looked like the grandmother violet had always fantasized about having when she was a child .
the woman smiled as she stood , the sort of smile that made violet feel warm and wistful inside , because she looked like the grandmother violet had always fantasized about having when she was a child .
oh , my stars , violet thought , struggling to keep a straight face .
` ` no , ma'am , '' violet told her .
the sex club / francesco query evidently reminded a lot of people of questions they wanted to ask , because in the scant moment of violet 's silence , the crowd erupted into what felt like hundreds of questions .
and although most of those wanted to chat with violet for a few moments about the book , the bookstore clerk thankfully kept the line moving so that violet was spared having to hear too many more questions about roxanne 's exploits being her own .
and although most of those wanted to chat with violet for a few moments about the book , the bookstore clerk thankfully kept the line moving so that violet was spared having to hear too many more questions about roxanne 's exploits being her own .
startled , violet glanced up and found herself gazing into incredible , nearly translucent blue eyes .
but the hand did n't move from the book , making it impossible for violet to sign it , so she looked at him again .
he looked at violet almost as if he were the one trying to remember if he 'd ever met her before , and what he might have unwittingly done to her .
then he shoved the book toward violet and thrust his finger at the heading .
which was yet another example of how fictional the book was , and how violet could n't possibly have written it from personal experience .
okay , now violet was really confused .
when people started threatening her nonexistent family , violet really got mad .
he slapped down a business card on the table beside the book , but violet did n't bother to look at it .
and the way her black hair had tossed back bits of silver under the lights of the bookstore ... . by monday afternoon , violet 's anger was still sizzling , in spite of the passage of nearly two days since i'm - not - ethan's - lawyer - i'm - ethan had slapped down his business card and whipped up her resentment .
her editor gracie had called violet that very morning to tell her his attorneys had been in touch with the publisher 's attorneys , and they 'd made thinly veiled threats about the material presented in the final chapter of her book .
even if the outcome of any legal proceedings would leave violet cleared of wrongdoing , he could still proceed with his threat to sue her and her publisher .
now , as she stood across the street from a steel - and - glass michigan avenue high - rise , violet withdrew the business card from the pocket of her most recently rented designer duds - a crimson - colored ellen tracy suit over an ivory shell that , together , retailed for more than a family of five consumed in groceries for a month .
gee , violet was going to go out on a limb and bet that gmt did n't stand for greenwich mean time in this case , and probably stood for gavin mason something - that - starts - with - a - t. training her gaze up , up , up the massive building - since the address on the card indicated gmt , inc . was on the thirty - third floor - she flipped the scrap of paper back and forth and back again .
the elevators were stainless steel outside and more black inside , and violet rode shoulder to shoulder with people dressed in more black and gray .
the utter opposite of someone named candy tandy and then further nicknamed violet .
the other walls were bare , violet noted , and the waiting area held only a quartet of empty and uncomfortable - looking chairs .
hell , violet would n't have been surprised if he lived in the building , too .
she apologized for not seeing violet right away in a voice that sounded in no way apologetic , then asked what she could do for her .
` ` hello , '' violet said in as chipper a voice as she could manage .
` ` i realize he 's a busy man , '' violet said , ` ` and i promise not to take any more of his time than necessary .
which would mean violet had spent money on her rental clothing for nothing and would have to spend more later in the week .
` ` perhaps if you can tell me what this is about , i can fit you in- '' ` ` later in the week , '' violet chorused with her , then added politely , ` ` does n't work for me , i ' m afraid . ''
` ` well , perhaps if you 'd made an appointment ... '' violet tried again .
` ` public relations , '' violet said off the top of her head .
her hands faltered on the keyboard , she bolted backward in her chair , and when she jerked up her head to look at violet again , her eyes were wide with horror .
with no small amount of melodrama , too , violet could n't help thinking .
` ` ye - es , '' violet said cautiously .
her gaze never leaving violet 's , she rose unsteadily from her chair and began to back away , bumping into the wall behind herself before flattening her palms against it and sidling to the right .
the screeching was then replaced by another clatter and thump , only this time it sounded more like something being thrown than being dropped , and the oaths that followed were the likes of which violet had n't heard since accidentally downloading scarface from netflix one night instead of sense and sensibility , which she had been so certain was next in her queue .
` ` um , thank you , '' violet said .
even if she did have extraordinary violet eyes a man could find himself drowning in .
and he told himself it was because he wanted to maintain the upper hand and not because he was hoping maybe she 'd blush again ... . violet 's breath hitched tighter in her chest when gavin mason inched another millimeter toward her , an action she would n't have thought possible since the guy had practically crawled inside her already .
nope , the only thing violet noticed was how his nearness had no effect on her .
` ` violet , '' she heard herself say .
` ` violet tandy . ''
she started to go one step further and tell him that violet was a nickname , and that her real name was candy tandy , but if he did n't believe raven french was her real name , he certainly was n't going to buy into candy tandy .
he looked up from the page , closed the book , and stared straight at violet .
now violet lifted her chin an indignant inch , too .
` ` i have no idea what you 're talking about , '' violet assured him .
he read from the book , even though violet was sure he had the words memorized .
well , that , violet knew , was certainly true .
so it was n't only the damage he thought his image had taken because people were saying he hired call girls that had him so up in arms , violet thought .
he said nothing in response to that , and violet hoped maybe that would be the end of it .
as he walked toward violet again , he began to shrug out of it , something that made a funny little sensation fizz in her belly .
for a moment , violet thought he was undressing for ... for ... for something ... something he really should n't be undressing for , not in his office , and not when she barely knew him , and not when she had already been having thoughts about him she absolutely , unequivocally should not be thinking .
gavin paused there , looking up to meet violet 's gaze .
i spent entire afternoons on my knees in that office by that chair , first giving him oral pleasure and then bent over the cushion so he could take me from behind , again and again and ... '' he halted and looked up at violet once more , smiling even more broadly .
` ` yeah , i 'll say , '' violet agreed .
gavin covered the distance between them until he stood beside violet , towering over her as he had before .
with that , and without allowing him time to regroup and attack again , violet turned on her heel and fled .
four gavin watched raven ... violet ... whoever she was ... flee - yes , that was definitely fleeing she was doing - until he heard the outer office door slam shut behind her , clueless what to say to stop her .
marveling at raven 's ... he meant violet 's ... reaction to his decadent paintings .
it was owned by a woman named ava brenner , who had been incredibly helpful to violet every time she 'd come by the shop .
ava was helping another woman when violet entered , and her assistant was ringing up a transaction for another customer , so violet stole a few moments to catch her breath and gather her thoughts .
ava was helping another woman when violet entered , and her assistant was ringing up a transaction for another customer , so violet stole a few moments to catch her breath and gather her thoughts .
her dark blond hair was swept up in a french twist , and if she was wearing any makeup , violet sure could n't tell .
normally , people like that did n't want people like violet anywhere near them .
they wanted to forget people like violet even existed .
ava clasped her hands together in front of herself in a way that reminded violet of a school librarian .
` ` um , yeah , '' violet lied .
that was another thing violet liked about talk of the town .
that plus the posh atmosphere and the fact that ava had a way of making you feel like a million bucks , even when you were wearing your grubby blue jeans and hoodie and hiking boots , made violet wish she could move into talk of the town and live here forever .
still , violet 's real life was n't all that bad , and was certainly an improvement over the one she 'd had as a child and young woman .
after violet turned eighteen and was no longer a ward of the state , her living arrangements had really deteriorated , because she 'd been working low - paying jobs and trying to save money for that house in the ' burbs that she was this close to making a reality ... provided gavin mason did n't swoop down and ruin everything .
the days that followed violet 's ill - fated trip to gavin 's office only hammered home how unsafe she was from him , but for entirely different reasons .
thanks to the success of her saturday book signing , marie was able to land violet a meeting with a features writer for the sun - times , along with a couple of appearances on local news shows the following week .
question after question addressed not violet 's protagonist , but violet herself .
no matter how many times violet denied any knowledge of anything nonfictional in the week that followed her confrontation with gavin , she grew more and more worried that no one believed a word .
if the questions her interviewers were asking were any indication , however ... well , suffice it to say that violet had a bad feeling about , oh ... everything .
now that 's what violet called living the high life .
the opening credits for my man godfrey had just finished when there was a knock at violet 's front door .
a quick peek through the peephole , however , and violet knew it was n't a delivery .
` ` gee , that 's a shame , '' violet said .
it took a moment for his meaning to gel in violet 's muddy brain .
he 'd made clear his disdain for violet , so why would he even want her to fill in for the woman who 'd dumped him ?
something in his voice almost - almost - made violet feel bad for him .
` ` oh , i do n't think- '' ` ` let me in , violet .
five something in his voice when he uttered his demand made all violet 's reserve puddle around her ankles like something she 'd rather not think about puddling around her ankles .
then , for good measure , he placed himself between it and violet , making it truly impossible to escape from him .
color her shallow , but it took a moment for violet to move past the word beautiful .
` ` i 'll be showing up with violet tandy . ''
` ` you ca n't show up with violet , '' she said .
` ` violet does n't have anything to wear to a high society party . ''
` ` because violet does n't go to high society parties . ''
splaying both hands open on his chest , violet pushed gavin with all her might .
now violet was the one to narrow her eyes .
` ` one minute , violet .
there was no guarantee of anything in it for violet .
so maybe there was a little something in it to benefit violet .
which maybe there was , since violet was getting more confused by the moment , but- ` ` thirty seconds , violet . ''
which maybe there was , since violet was getting more confused by the moment , but- ` ` thirty seconds , violet . ''
coupled with a rhinestone bracelet and earrings that could pass for cubic zirconium , provided the lighting was n't great , and a pair of slender heels she 'd worn to the same graduation party , and maybe , just maybe- ` ` five seconds , violet .
fifteen minutes , gavin echoed to himself as he watched violet hesitate at the entry to the steepletons ' ballroom .
evidently , violet 's customers had never given her anything but her required fee , otherwise she would have been wearing the real thing .
because bedding violet would make a man feel like he was her very first , that no man had come before him , that he would leave an indelible impression on her that would outstay any man who came after him .
no wonder violet 's memoir had so many chapters in it .
his thinking halted him in his tracks - literally , since he had been about to step forward to escort violet into the room .
how could he be thinking about how many men had come before him , unless he was thinking about becoming one of violet 's men ?
the dress was so clingy , it was almost as if he were touching bare skin , which naturally made him wonder if violet was as silky and creamy under her dress as the rest of her seemed to be .
he found it immediately , tucked into the same corner of the ballroom where the steepletons always put it , and he steered violet in that direction .
when the man turned to gavin , gavin barked out an order for his favorite scotch , taking it from the man 's extended hand without acknowledgment and guiding violet toward a small pocket of people on the other side of the room .
but then , there was little about violet tonight that he did n't find erotic , so maybe that was n't surprising .
yeah , violet might feel like cinderella this evening .
she figured out why immediately , since three members of the group were drop - dead beautiful women , all of them sporting form - fitting dresses of eye - popping color and gemstones that violet was reasonably certain were real - and she was n't talking real cubic zirconium , either .
there , he stopped , dropping one hand to violet 's hip , holding the other up at his side at chest level .
` ` violet , '' he said , his voice dropping even lower than before .
okay , now this was just weird , violet thought .
so violet took a tentative step backward .
` ` now i 'll step to my left ... '' violet followed a little more confidently this time , moving her foot to her right .
` ` now i ' m going to step backward ... '' violet stepped forward at precisely the same time .
` ` and now i 'll step right ... '' already anticipating the move , violet moved - almost fluidly - to her left , then laughed lightly at her success .
as he repeated the steps , this time moving a little faster , violet watched their feet moving back , to the side , up and to the other side .
but he said nothing , only widened their square with every new step he took , until he was dancing violet out of the alcove and into the ballroom .
the music segued into something a little faster , but gavin never missed a step ... and neither did violet .
inescapably , violet glanced down at her own dress .
as gavin slowed their bodies and roped his arm around her waist to walk her the rest of the way toward the group , violet noticed there were men among the pack , too , all as beautiful as their dates and no less splendidly attired , even if their colors were much more muted grays and blacks .
then , without even waiting for an answer , he ushered violet to the bar in the corner of the room and asked for two more drinks to replace the ones he 'd given to the waiter before they 'd even had a chance to enjoy them .
he seemed to understand immediately what she was thinking , because he said , ` ` no , violet , i meant they do n't deserve an introduction because they 're not my friends .
seven gavin was n't sure when the change had come over violet , but by the time he brought her home - before midnight , as he had promised - she had become downright sullen .
it was yet another question to add to the hundreds of others gavin had been asking himself since his first meeting with violet , many of which had been stirred up tonight .
it had n't occurred to gavin before now that violet might have a family somewhere .
it was that realization , and not any resistance on violet 's part , that made gavin pull away .
all because of violet .
now violet was the one to shake her head .
well , no , violet certainly was n't him .
in fact , all he wanted to do right now was kiss violet again .
and if violet had had any doubts before about what they were doing - and she was surprised to realize she had none - that would have made them evaporate .
the moment he set her on the floor , he began jerking at what was left of her clothing , so violet stepped out of her shoes and aided him in the process as best she could .
but hearing gavin say it , the way he did , made violet feel as if she were the singularly most exquisite creature on the planet .
` ` then stop thinking , violet .
when they stood together again , he covered both of her br**sts with his hands , thumbing the sensitive peaks until violet could not only not think , but could barely remember her name .
confused , violet gazed at him .
tentatively , violet repeated the action by herself , threading her fingers gently through the damp folds of her flesh .
eight gavin watched violet sleep , his mind completely at odds with the peaceful picture that she was .
the rest of violet 's bedroom was as quirky , a collection of flowers and fringe , beads and bangles , whorls and whimsy .
he did his best not to wake violet as he rose , retrieving his shorts and trousers from the floor and silently pulling on both .
he shrugged into his shirt , too , but did n't bother buttoning it , then , with another glance at a still - sleeping violet , made his way to the bedroom door .
sex always made him ravenous - especially when it was as vigorous as it had been with violet , and especially when he 'd missed a meal beforehand .
his plan was to serve violet in bed , but as he passed through the living room , his gaze lit on a candle in a ruby - red votive anchoring a stack of papers on the end table and decided it would add nicely to the arrangement on the tray .
it was the same outfit he 'd read aloud about at his office , the one in chapter twenty - eight of violet 's book , where her protagonist roxanne first met the much ballyhooed ethan .
evidently he and violet had both been modeling characters after the same image .
because of his humble beginnings , he 'd had to educate himself - the same way violet had - about what made a successful man stand out in a crowd .
he probably consulted a lot of the same sources violet had .
he continued reading through to the last printed page , noting that violet 's editorial changes had n't softened mason gavin , but had instead made him even more severe .
he 'd heard stories about authors who modeled characters in their novels after their enemies and then made them suffer heinous deaths , but violet did n't seem to want death for her mason gavin .
after only a moment 's hesitation , violet joined him .
` ` i do care about that , violet .
` ` violet , that was n't what i- '' ` ` was n't it ?
people who live in that world , violet , they 're ... '' he was n't sure , but her back seemed to go up at that .
` ` because , violet , you 're not like anyone i ' ve ever met before .
` ` violet , i did n't mean- '' ` ` get out . ''
` ` look , violet , i- '' but she ignored him , marching to the front door and jerking it open .
because as gavin descended the stairs of violet 's apartment building , he felt as though he was moving lower in other ways , too .
so violet never wanted to see him again ?
for a long time after gavin left , violet sat on her sofa in her pajamas , staring into her bedroom at the ten - year - old dress and cheap rhinestone jewelry scattered on the floor by the bed .
before , even if it was n't good sex , violet had always felt a little better afterward .
the kind of things violet was n't wired to feel .
gavin would be infinitely more comfortable with raven french than he would with violet tandy .
it was raven he had made love ... had sex ... with tonight , not violet .
it took less than fifteen minutes for violet to wash her face and brush her teeth .
less than thirty - six hours after being tossed out of violet 's apartment , gavin sat at his desk looking over a file that had been specially couriered to him by a private investigator he used on a regular basis .
to gather the same information violet had had at her apartment and get it to the proper gossipmongers in society , blah blah blah .
inevitably , that made him think of violet .
so why was he still thinking about violet ?
maybe if violet saw more of how he actually lived , she 'd realize how much he had to lose and why it was so important to him to preserve that lifestyle .
nine a little over a week after giving gavin the heave - ho , violet sat in a classroom in northwestern 's castle - like university hall , listening to one of the professors introduce her as - she tried to contain her glee - a local bestselling novelist .
no , violet was here to talk about literary social criticism .
by the time the hour drew to a close , violet had dropped her head into her hand and was pinching the bridge of her nose to ward off the vicious ache that had begun pounding at her forehead immediately after the question about necrophilia .
with all the proper gratitudes and platitudes exchanged , violet made her way to the exit that was on the other side of the lecture hall from gavin .
she managed to maintain her lead for a full five seconds before she felt his hand slip easily over her shoulder and heard his softly uttered , ` ` violet , please .
another moment passed in which the two of them only studied each other , until , finally , violet broke the silence .
violet had no idea how it happened - really , she didn't - but two hours later , she found herself sitting in the passenger seat of gavin 's plush jaguar roadster , which was curling its way around the circular drive to the country estate of one chatsworth whitehall the ... some roman numeral .
violet did n't realize how rapt was her attention on the place until the passenger door opened beside her , making her flinch in surprise .
had it not been for him , violet would never be given entree into this world .
` ` i ' ve also arranged for billings to prepare a light lunch for you and your ... '' for the first time , she turned to look at violet , and violet was immediately , irrationally , grateful for her rented designer duds .
` ` i ' ve also arranged for billings to prepare a light lunch for you and your ... '' for the first time , she turned to look at violet , and violet was immediately , irrationally , grateful for her rented designer duds .
vaguely , violet was going to guess it was worth about eighty billion dollars .
then she was gone , leaving violet alone with gavin .
` ` you do n't have to be frightened , violet , '' gavin said , this time reading her reaction exactly .
instead of recoiling from him this time , however , violet found comfort in his nearness .
` ` it 's just a house , violet , '' he said quietly , again reading her correctly .
` ` but look at it , violet . ''
ten gavin sat across from violet in the dining room of his lakeshore drive penthouse , watching her push her food around on her plate and avoid his gaze .
he had thought violet would be dazzled .
and before leaving chatsworth 's , he 'd called his favorite restaurant in the city and ordered a five - star meal to be delivered a half hour after his and violet 's arrival , complete with server and cleanup crew .
he 'd figured violet would be as impressed by the meal as she was by her surroundings .
trying to invite violet into his world .
` ` violet , that 's not what i- '' ` ` is n't it ? ''
his continued lack of response , however , only seemed to make violet more resolved that her suspicions were right .
` ` violet , we spent the entire day togeth- '' ` ` yeah , but we spent the day alone , '' she pointed out .
what he 'd wanted to tell violet was that the two of them had n't been alone all day because he was ashamed to be seen with her among his friends .
it dawned on him then , for the first time , that , until he met violet , he 'd been alone all the time .
eleven violet paused in front of a towering creekstone victorian mansion nestled in the heart of the gold coast that had been converted a half century ago from a lush millionaire 's home to a private club .
but please , violet .
somehow , violet refrained from rolling her eyes .
her new best buddy opened the bottle with swift , deft artistry , but poured barely a mouthful into violet 's glass .
a few tables away , violet recognized the members of the group from the gold coast party she had attended with gavin , the ones he 'd said it was so important see the two of them together .
something inside violet melted a little then , too , just looking at him .
immediately , his anxious expression smoothed , and he smiled , making another chunk of ice in violet evaporate like steam .
then he started to make his way toward violet once more .
with an apologetic look for violet , he moved that way to greet them .
` ` it 's not a memoir , '' violet said wearily .
teddy mullins , '' he finally introduced himself , extending a hand to her that violet had no desire to shake .
the minute she heard that , violet knew why she had n't returned his calls , and now she really did n't want to shake his hand .
in the meantime , teddy mullins pulled out the chair across from violet and seated himself comfortably in it .
but violet could .
what was worse , the more she did n't answer his questions , the more they escalated to meanness and filth until he asked violet , in the basest language known to humankind , whether or not she enjoyed having a particular body orifice penetrated during sex .
twelve gavin seemed to realize the mood of the crowd then , violet noted , because he glanced up from the man on the floor , whose mouth he had bloodied , at the hands he had curled into fists .
with no small effort , he forced them open and looked at violet .
even after he did finally look around at his friends - and at the media recording his every action - it was violet to whom he returned his attention , violet whose response he was clearly most worried about .
had he been fighting for his survival , he would have been the picture of civility as he ushered violet away from the table , then located the maitre d ' to politely request that mr . mullins be evicted from the premises forthwith .
what he was doing was fighting for violet .
mullins was on the floor again , bleeding even more than before , and gavin was doubling his fist to hit him again , when violet finally found the presence of mind to cry out , ` ` gavin , stop ! ''
unbelievable , violet thought .
gavin was bleeding , too , violet noted , from a cut on his cheek , and his knuckles were smeared with what was either his or the other man 's blood .
he was too busy looking at violet .
` ` no , i- '' he seemed to realize about the same time violet did that they 'd played out a scene similar to this one not long ago , at her apartment , with their situations reversed .
feeling responsible for the injury somehow , violet said , ` ` look , my place is closer than yours .
the only reason violet finally - reluctantly - released him was because she had to retrieve her key .
` ` but- '' ` ` no , violet , '' he stated decisively .
` ` violet , no man is man enough to wear a hello kitty band - aid . ''
` ` i want to talk about what is important , violet , '' he hurried on .
now violet smiled .
by now , violet 's pulse was raging faster and hotter than a nuclear warhead .
desdemona , the one - eyed siamese cat she 'd rescued from the evanston animal shelter where she volunteered three days a week , made it a habit to curl herself around violet 's head when she slept , while three - legged edgar and schizophrenic pippin , the two tabbies , snored happily at the foot of the bed .
one with a white wicker swing on the front porch where violet both read and wrote during the day , and where she and gavin spent lazy evenings counting fireflies and stars .
since violet had bought the house , however , overnights had become more commonplace , and almost always happened here .
yes , violet loved gavin , and she 'd grown accustomed enough to the feeling that it no longer frightened her .
something in violet took flight at that .
the thing that had taken flight in violet absolutely soared at that .
you 're a very hard man to impress , '' bryson said with a chuckle , feeling oddly pleased , and proud of misty 's transformation from the shrinking violet he 'd first met .