` ` i ' ve got a prescription that i 'll get filled immediately for pre - natal vitamins . ''
` ` triple - checking your vitamins again ? ''
` ` yes , a physical and a prescription for vitamins . ''
not sex , not the vitamins and stress pills the doctor had prescribed , not the artificial insemination .
i ' m heading out to the drugstore to stock up on my fish oil with omega 3 , my vitamin d and my vitamin b12 .
i ' m heading out to the drugstore to stock up on my fish oil with omega 3 , my vitamin d and my vitamin b12 .
i was deficient in vitamin b12 . ''
` ` as it so happens , the symptoms of ms and vitamin b12 deficiency are very similar , right down to the lesions on the brain . ''
` ` vitamin b12 .
i reversed my deficiency in that vitamin so my symptoms began to disappear . ''
it was time for a relaxing day reading and taking in some vitamin d. chapter 6 my beach spot was on the same property as the grove , but since it did n't technically have a new owner yet , i figured it was still safe to use as my tanning spot .
needing a refill on her prenatal vitamins , she 'd stopped at the drugstore on her way to start her shift at life medevac .
she could pick up the vitamins another time .
` ` a light meal is good once in a while , but it does n't provide enough of the vitamins and minerals you and the babies need to stay healthy . ''
there are vitamins and tests that need to be run .
` ` and simon was bar tending last night so he put extra lemon in my drinks so i had added vitamins , thanks to your suggestion , i ' m guessing ? ''
you ca n't get enough vitamins and nutrition when you eat only enough to maintain that weight , '' he said .
you also need vitamins .
when saffi woke up , her brother and jeremy were gone , leaving a sweet note asking her to take care next to the bottle of prenatal vitamins she was supposed to take daily .
he shrugged , ` ` you need vitamin c , sienna .
based on his tone , he seemed to be asking her questions like , what her daily diet was usually , or if she had been meticulously taking her pre - natal vitamins , to which she responded that she was taking them a few times a week instead of on a daily basis .
with her awful habit of skipping meals and the pre - natal vitamins , i was almost sure she was doing a lot of things that she was n't supposed to be doing .
other doctors come and inject me with cocktails of vitamins , c , b complex .
you 're body is crying out for minerals and vitamins , ' blake scolds .
` ` eat regular meals , cut back on the caffeine and i 'll have nurse doherty give you a sample bottle of vitamins . ''
` ` i appreciate the thought , but she just needs sleep and vitamin c. '' ` ` you 're not sick are you ? ''
i was in the kitchen , taking my pre - natal vitamin , when i heard adalynn 's voice .
once inside the dwelling that he could n't register beyond it being a roof over their head and a door cutting them off from the rest of the oasis , he coaxed the mostly unconscious talia to drink again , glassfuls of both water and a high - calorie , vitamin and mineral drink the locals had concocted for conditions of extreme dehydration and sunstroke .
luis had mentioned in passing roland owned a large multi - million - dollar health care company of some sort that produced everything from skin care products to vitamins .
i want to make sure your father has all his vitamins . ''
he also knew no matter how many vitamins mary packed for barry or how many healthy foods she forced him to eat , he 'd still die young .
once we 're out of the office with an appointment for a few weeks later and a prescription for prenatal vitamins , we head out of the building .
magnus 's fairy metabolism ensured he did n't have to worry about getting fat , but his brain was feeling in need of vitamins .
she followed him into the kitchen , where he grabbed a cold bottle of vitamin water from the fridge .
not that i even had a full glass or anything , but maybe vitamin c enhances the effects or something .
the only time you overdose on vitamin c is when you have a man hangover .
death by vitamin c ? ''
getting mia fired will definitely get my bff card revoked , and she did keep me from committing suicide by vitamin c today .
i ' m going to prescribe some prenatal vitamins for you .
birth control and vitamins in the morning , sleeping pill at night , once i was ready to actually sleep .
i want you to start prenatal vitamins , and i approved of the anti - nausea dr . greymont prescribed , so continue with that as needed .
no alcohol , no smoking and no medications apart from the vitamins and the anti - nausea to get you through the next month .
new vitamins ? ''
twice , jamie makes me go sit by the pool , saying that the vitamin d will be good for me .
because , after all , you can never have too much vitamin c. ` ` did you see that we 're finally famous ? ''
` ` just a vitamin shake for me , '' eden interjected .
peeved at having my daily dose of vitamin d cut short , i glance up sharply , ready to snap at whoever has come to bother me .
` ` i need to see a doctor , '' she said softly , thinking of prenatal vitamins and hearing the heartbeat for the first time .
i ' m not fit for human company without my daily infusion of vitamin caffeine . ''
` ` prenatal vitamins .
then , she 'd purchased bottles of vitamins and cheerfully watched as he swallowed every blasted horse - sized pill .
i 'll give you vitamins .
she set a big bottle of prenatal vitamins on the counter .
` ` i think i should have taken more vitamins this morning . ''
` ` good genes and lots of vitamins . ''
she needs prenatal vitamins and food and probably saltine crackers and pickles and- '' ` ` and we can get those things for her , '' archer replied , and i lifted my head .
he turned his attention to the oversize bottles of prenatal vitamins .
she said that i needed to rest and i have to start taking vitamins . ''
it 's brimming with vitamins and supplements , but there 's nothing of any real value .
he held out a bottle of the hangover ` ` cure , '' which i was pretty sure was just a shot of alcohol mixed with liquid vitamins .
` ` all these vitamins , that 's the treatment .
protein , complex carbos , vitamin c. she was famished .
she filled another cup with orange juice , and carefully capped the jug to keep all the vitamins from dying in the air .
eat protein , vitamin c for nerves and for general overall condition .
could be a ghost or a deficiency in vitamin b .
this will help with vitamin deficiencies , she thought , but she needed the supplements annelle salter had prescribed for her .
webb attributed it to kicking heroin , the training , the vitamins , and diet .
from the back , trent sighed , finishing off a bottle of flavored water enhanced with b vitamins and complex amino acids or something , capping it and tossing it to the front for me to jam in with the rest of the trash .
after downing an entire pot of vitamin - enhanced synthetic coffee , i showered .
and i guess this means i ' m going into town without my vitamin d injection , '' paris said on another sigh .
happy with a life - and - death vitamin dick injection to impart .
the concrete walls alone hold my attention - they are covered with strange pictures of people with skin so smooth they hardly look like people anymore , or colorful bottles with shampoo or conditioner or vitamins or unfamiliar substances inside them , words i do n't understand , ` ` vodka '' and ` ` coca - cola '' and ` ` energy drink . ''
the nurse wrote down a specific brand of vitamins they wanted me to pick up , and she tried not to insinuate i was a shitty parent , but i picked up on it loud and clear .
i 'd never given her vitamins , which made me a failure as a caregiver .
learn to tap into it , and it 's a deity flintstone vitamin , and by deity , i mean me .
lots of vitamins ' n ' stuff .
in any case , i started taking vitamins right away .
after being alone for so very long , being with him felt like a vitamin for her malnourished soul .
but i had really thought the new clothes and that adorable vitamin a bikini had been essential for my weekend trip to virginia beach with two of my sorority sisters .
mom puts her fork on the edge of her plate and downs a handful of some weird pills - supplements and vitamins and whatever chronic power walkers eat to make them not disappear into thin air .
and the nightstand - home to the universal ` ` goodie drawer '' - holds only a container of vitamin pills , a pocket pack of kleenex , and a small dictionary .
i can tell i ' m not getting away with refusing the overgrown vitamin , so i pop it and down the milk just to appease her .
her hands fly past me as she unscrews the enormous jar of baby vitamins , shoving one in my hand .
` ` some mega vitamin that helps babies grow hair on their chest . ''
prenatal vitamins .
i rattle the bottle of vitamins in front of her .
are you taking vitamins ?
` ` your uncle says i need vitamins .
while other people doled out daily affirmations , my mother dispensed warnings that bordered on threats as if they were vitamins .
she 's been popping donuts like vitamins just to propagate the work of fiction brewing in her belly , and , unfortunately for her , i ' m feeling liberal with the truth .
also , stop the pill immediately , start taking some prenatal vitamins with folic acid and make an appointment with your ob doctor in the next four weeks . ''
i ' m loaded down with medication and vitamins .
she felt her long , strong nails ( she religiously took a cocktail of vitamins every morning and this gave her shining hair and fast - growing , strong nails , that , in that particular moment , she was deliriously happy for ) digging in deep .
she poured herself a mug with a splash of skim milk and went to her vitamins , taking the cocktail of supplements with the addition of two capsules of ibuprofen .
she nodded again , saying cautiously , ` ` that and my vitamins . ''
how many vitamins do you take ? ''
but you have to learn , little one , to enjoy your life and not waste it on ridiculous things like counting calories and making certain you ' ve taken every last vitamin . ''
regan and father have been titrating you off the medication now for weeks , the actual dose smaller and smaller even if the injection was the same amount , the rest was taken with vitamins and hormones that would not alter or harm you .
lucien told me burritos were out of the question considering i should have something bland and filled with vitamins and energy in my stomach after not eating for ten days .
` ` i have to go to the doctor , get the pregnancy confirmed medically , get some vitamins or whatever , start that whole gig .
` ` is she taking her vitamins ? ''
dad asked as if vitamins would help with this .
` ` make sure she 's taking her vitamins .
i was taking my vitamins ( of course i was , forcing them down for the baby ) and i had been eating .
` ` nothin ' about an appointment with an obstetrician and fillin ' a prescription for prenatal vitamins ? ''
that was until continued surveillance on you gave me the info you were goin ' to an ob / gyn and gettin ' pregnancy vitamins .
if i ' m knocked up , i need vitamins , and ultrasounds , and prenatal tests , and- '' he gave me a slight shake .
belle , darling , are you taking vitamins ? ''
i think i need to go out and buy vitamins or something . ''
i bought my seven boxes of condoms , six taffy sticks and my vitamins and then our little shopping expedition was over .
oh , and mom says to make sure to take your vitamins , eat your pie , and not talk to strangers on the internet . ''
` ` vitamins . ''
during the months i stayed with derek before leaving the shade , we were given doses of vitamin d along with other nutrients - i wondered if all humans were given this treatment .
they get nourishment of vitamin d from supplements .
i popped a handful of vitamin pills into my mouth and took a seat at the table .
` ` we give you plenty of vitamins to make up for the lack of it . ''
have you been taking prenatal vitamins ? ''
got ta make sure you get your vitamin c. surprised laughter rang out in the empty kitchen .
` ` have you been taking prenatal vitamins ? ''
going to the cabinet , where he 'd lined up his vitamins , supplements and protein powder only a few hours earlier , he found the tylenol and shook a couple of tablets into his hand .
` ` do not forget to take your prenatal vitamins , '' she cautioned presley , wagging a finger at her as they stepped outside .
he had canned goods , a whole shelf of vitamin supplements and a large container of protein powder .
with the added vitamins and minerals , it 's a real good feed .
` ` there 're more vitamins and minerals in a tablespoon of wheatgrass juice than- '' ` ` i know - a whole grocery sack of fresh vegetables , '' mike broke in , chuckling .
delaney imagined living under aunt millie 's regime again , imagined uncle ralph sitting in front of the television most of the time , monopolizing the remote , while millie insisted delaney take her vitamins , eat her bran , get more sleep - and thought she might scream .
he gave me a prescription for some prenatal vitamins .
at the counter i ordered vitamin water , nachos and popcorn .
i grabbed a bottle of prenatal vitamins and a bottle of tylenol .
once i paid and got back into my car , i emptied the tylenol into another half empty bottle and filled that bottle with the prenatal vitamins .
then i discarded the prenatal vitamin container so that nobody would ever know that i 'd purchased them .
` ` apparently , when you 're pregnant , it is important that you eat breakfast and take vitamins . ''
` ` we are going to give you some fluids and some vitamins .
when we get home you can take your vitamins and start feeling better .
the doctor is pumping her with vitamins and she 's been responding well .
` ` you 'll need to make an appointment as soon as possible with an obstetrician and begin a regiment of prenatal vitamins . ''
every morning when he woke up , he would get me a glass of water so that i could take my prenatal vitamins .
while the doctor wrote me my prescription for prenatal vitamins , she kept the monitor over my belly so we could continue to listen .
` ` i will have you know that those juice boxes supply me with half of my daily required vitamin c for the day . ''
she closed the door on the driver 's side and handed me a prescription written out for prenatal vitamins .
she drove us to the pharmacy and waited for my vitamins to get filled .
sarah took me to my doctor appointments and basically shoved my vitamins down my throat every day .
my mom ran out and got you these vitamins from peyton .
it had included nutritional aspects such as vitamin supplements as well as cutting - edge psychotropic medications , traditional talk therapy and , above all , a tranquil environment .
you need the vitamins . ''
bev was a great believer in vitamins and exercise , and the results were obvious .
taking my vitamins .
did you take all those vitamins and mineral supplements i told you to get ? ''
he had supervised verity 's vitamin supplements and exercises .
one of the nightshade people who died , a guy named john stillwell nash , was the ceo of a vitamin and health supplements company named cascadia dawn . ''
` ` a company that sells supplements and vitamins would make an excellent cover for an illicit drug lab .
they were vitamins . ''
` ` vitamins ?
` ` blue pepper : pungent fruit of a moloccy species rich in lycopene and vitamin c. flavor : sweet , slightly bitter .
` ` compa : fleshy fruit of karlovskaya species , rich in vitamin a .
maybe i had n't been getting enough vitamins before or something- '' i stopped , because vlad had tensed .
carrots , celery , tomato juice , protein powder , some vitamin drops ... red vitamin drops in an unmarked bottle that he claimed he got from a friend who sold them on the side .
carrots , celery , tomato juice , protein powder , some vitamin drops ... red vitamin drops in an unmarked bottle that he claimed he got from a friend who sold them on the side .
protein and vitamins , a runner 's meal .
` ` paddy had developed a rather unique vitamin drink for me that i found most beneficial .
` ` a vitamin drink ? ''
sitting cross - legged on the floor , she thumbed through his most recent entries , but found nothing that looked like a recipe for a vitamin drink .
` ` did you take your vitamins today ? ''
and yes , i took my vitamins and drank my milk like a good girl . ''
seeing as how you 're able to digest mortal food with no ill effects , i want you to stop at a drugstore on your way home and buy some prenatal vitamins .
are you taking your vitamins like a good girl and drinking lots of milk ? ''
over pastries and the orange juice gail insisted i get for the vitamins , i filled her in .
i took vitamins , loads of them , because i was a little anemic .
i kept chugging vitamins and iron until bill complained about the flavor .
he was right about how i 'd feel after my little informal vitamin supplement the night before , too .
i looked like a poster girl for good hygiene , or some healthy cause like taking vitamins or drinking milk .
i have n't talked to her in four or five weeks , except to send her some money for the doctor visits and her vitamins .
and every day i also have to take prenatal vitamins that are big enough to choke a large elephant .
i knew i would need to see someone about getting vitamins and talk to someone about how sick i had been .
are you taking your vitamins ?
then i wait for him to fill my prescription for prenatal vitamins before following him out to the front desk , where i make another appointment .
i was in a daze as the doctor explained the need for prenatal care and vitamins i had to take .
once she 'd given me instructions to get some prenatal vitamins and enough information pamphlets to inform a third world country , i was told to make an appointment in six weeks ' time for a scan at the end of my first trimester .
when i went to the pharmacy to get my prenatal vitamins , the middle - aged shop assistant took great pleasure in patting my non - existent baby bump and asking me all the important details .
blood 's just a new '' - she waved a hand in the air - ` ` vitamin or something . ''
sure , i needed blood to survive - i was a vampire , after all - but like mal had once said , blood was like another vitamin .
` ` yes , i need blood , '' i told her , petulant as a teenager reminded to take her vitamins , and snatched a bag of blood4you type a from the refrigerator .
it was loaded with protein and vitamins . ''
she was like a damn robot on the other end of the line , asking me to take some stupid survey about orange juice or vitamins .
` ` i think it 's because they 're high in folic acid and vitamin d. those are vitamins that are especially good for women . ''
` ` i think it 's because they 're high in folic acid and vitamin d. those are vitamins that are especially good for women . ''
i saw the change in gerrod immediately , once he began feeding from abigail , like he 'd been taking vitamin shots round the clock . ''
and in the meantime , she had to buy some maternity clothes , since her pants were pinching , keep swallowing those horse - sized vitamins , and register at babies ` ` r '' us .
` ` i ' ve taken vitamins , i ' ve been to the doctor , i ' ve gone to childbirth classes .
` ` i ' m taking my vitamins .
` ` they put the iv in and pumped you full of water , vitamins , and anti - sickness .
lee sipped her vitamin water then carefully wiped a napkin along the rim before setting it in the holder .
lee scratched her fingernail back and forth along the label on her vitamin water .
lee 's fingernails popped holes in the plastic covering her vitamin water until the shredded wrapper peeled away .
he walked to the table , reached into the bag of supplies phil had sent for the dog , and pulled out the bottle of vitamins phil insisted boo needed for some condition or another .
it 's just your vitamins .
the bottle of vitamins fell to the carpet , the liquid spilling out and bubbling along the carpet .
god , he did n't even want to think of what could have happened if the tainted vitamins had made it into the dog 's bowl , or , heaven forbid , if some of the corrosive acid had sloshed onto jill .
at least her life was anything but boring right now , although tampering with the dog 's vitamin drops had been easier than expected .
she 'd been stunned to hear that barrera suspected her stepfather because of the tainted vitamins and a few thready connections to the victims .
for the safety of the other dogs - on the off chance phil was n't to blame - barrera had agreed to let her call and ` ` warn '' him about the vitamins .
thanks for that heads - up call about the tainted batch of vitamins .
and i 'll give you a rugrats vitamin the minute we get home .
` ` here , kid , vitamin c. '' ` ` my dad left us lots of money , you know , for shopping and stuff . ''
at least the over - the - counter , iron - fortified vitamins she 'd bought would help with the anemia that accompanied endometriosis in full tilt .
you two look like a television ad for vitamins or something . ''
dave , just home from work , pulled out a vitamin water and guzzled from the bottle .
and while you 're at it , make sure you get enough vitamin b . ''
kane did n't mind a bit of danger , and most of the others took risks like they popped vitamins , but luis blanco was n't a man you wanted to mess with .
neither were birth control pills or prescription vitamins .
however , even that could be explained away by anemia or some other vitamin that my body was lacking due to my increased exercise and lack of a consistent , and well balanced , food supply .
they said something about vitamins , but you know what a phobia i have about needles . ''
i detest taking vitamins . ''
` ` i mix mine in the blender with a killer recipe of fruit and juice your sister told me about , but if you do n't want to take vitamins , then do n't .
` ` vitamins , for you and the baby .
she inhaled and knew immediately there were no vitamins in the syringe .
if i need vitamins , i 'll get them the old - fashioned way - over the counter in pill form . ''
and do n't tell me vitamins .
you have an appointment with the doctor this afternoon , and i have vitamins you 're supposed to be taking . ''
` ` you took your vitamins today , did n't you ? ''
` ` it 's vitamin packed , '' she told him as she gestured to a like bag hanging over her head .
jars of vitamins , ibuprofen , and antibiotic creams were purchased in bulk .
we need every vitamin and mineral we can grow . ''
` ` i ' ve heard vitamin e oil works , '' i tell her glibly , without acknowledging what she said .
i think it has a lot of vitamins too . ''
i ' m going to drown my sorrows in vitamin c. ` ` what 's wrong ? ''
severe vitamin d deficiency .
she also believed , based on the vitamin d deficiency , that the woman had been held in darkness .
after a visit to the office lab , the doctor tells me my vitamin d is significantly low .
there 's no way this is a result of a vitamin deficiency . ''
it 's not fair that it 's so miserable out , especially when i could really use the vitamin d right now .
` ` vitamin deficiency , '' i offer , the ridiculousness of the diagnosis clear now .
` ` the vitamins helping ? ''
` ` have you been taking your vitamins ? ''
` ` yes , '' i mumble , knowing that the vitamins wo n't help .
the low vitamin d only adds to that ... ... '' my father seems to consider this , nodding after a moment .
` ` this is a highly concentrated vitamin e extract , '' he murmurs , aiming the needle at the surrounding skin .
i injected her with vitamin e and collagen .
otherwise known as nutritive supplemental tonics , nsts were a mix of blood and other vitamins .
as these nutritive supplemental tonics - a mix of blood and other vitamins - were only available at the hollow , many of the guests had eyed them suspiciously , but eventually they all tried one .
they ' ve got blood in them and a load of other funky vitamins .
` ` here , this is berries , juice , protein and a vitamin mix .
jes had added a powdered vitamin mix to the protein and berries .
jusef had prepared a jumble complete with the usual vitamins .
i want you to start pre - natal vitamins right away , liza .
sharon began to give jessie some paperwork on prenatal care , a prescription for prenatal vitamins , and her discharge papers .
` ` do you want to stop and get the vitamins now or later ? ''
it was the usual gruel , some kind of boxed hot cereal that was probably fortified with vitamins and minerals to keep my health up , such as it was .
she closed her eyes and chuckled as she remembered the contents of the care package carl had left along with the supplies they 'd ordered : a huge box of condoms , all the fixings to make an ice - cream sundae except the ice cream , and vitamins .
a nice big lot of tender new cress , crisp and cold from the stream , would top off the winter 's vitamin c deficiency very well .
when dee gave me a funny look , i added , ` ` lots of vitamins and organic food - that sorta thing . ''
i had to get on an insulin pump full of vitamins to regulate me . ''
` ` i ' m taking vitamins because i want you to drink as much as you need . ''
it 'll take longer for the red blood cells to regenerate so i want her taking a vitamin every day to help with that process . ''
the vitamins she left for me are enormous . ''
the first stop was the drugstore , where we picked up gingerroot for my nausea and a bottle of prenatal vitamins , along with a tub of rocky road ice cream , which i was suddenly craving .
he 'd been my rock , attended every doctor 's appointment , stocked up his apartment with prenatal vitamins , stuffed animals , and baby - proofing materials even though i told him we had a while before we needed those .
between working , volunteering , and helping amanda get around - everything from taking her to doctor 's appointments to shopping for maternity clothes to buying prenatal vitamins , i 'd barely had time to see knox .
she 's a vitamin sales rep and we ' ve been talking about adding a line of vitamins to my gym , but i usually keep our business talks in the gym .
she 's a vitamin sales rep and we ' ve been talking about adding a line of vitamins to my gym , but i usually keep our business talks in the gym .
in the gym , on his motorcycle , coming out of the vitamin store ... he turns and turns until he comes to one that makes my heart stop ... me and vinny kissing in front of the building .
` ` there 's fruit in there and vitamin water .
` ` first things first , vitamin d is important . ''
` ` and a prescription for vitamins .
` ` vitamins ? ''
just vitamins ? ''
after explaining the doctor 's orders to emmie , the nurse handed her a prescription for vitamins .
as sick as em had been , all she needed was vitamins ?
once my hair was dry , i swallowed one of the daily vitamins that were sitting on my sink before brushing my teeth and starting on my makeup .
he 'd been waiting for me in the waiting room when i 'd come out with a prescription for prenatal vitamins .
it had grown out faster than i ever would have expected thanks to the prenatal vitamins that i 'd taken during my pregnancy .
they 're made from vitamin t .
she handed me a bottle of vitamins , the kind i got each month when i was checked for upgrades .
the capsules were coated with gel and i hid them in a bottle of vitamins .
after all , who would question an athlete having vitamins ?
if for now we plan to sell it as a medicine in the form of vitamins , in future well produce food with antigloomyn as an ingredient .
speakers blared a steady stream of advertisements , upbeat jingles with short catch phrases for brands and products : d - caps : vitamin d for those who flow in the glow .
now with added vitamin d and three percent real beef , guaranteed !
do the meka need vitamin d ?
meka can manufacture most vitamins on their own .
i think ill get my vitamin d the old fashioned way .
holding a half - drunk bottle of vitamin water in a clenched fist , jeanette sipped and said , i just think , maybe it would have made him happy to hear about you .
chased his hangovers with vitamin waters and disappeared into the lab for twenty , thirty hours .
* * * chapter 15 * the witch of the bluff * after a nutritious breakfast chock full of vitamin g for grease , izzian ran to the forest , hoping to catch eliza waiting patiently for him .
7 ) food the team members took the following food items : 10 years of c - rations , 25 pre - packed containers , 100 pre - packed containers of freeze - dried food items , 100 cases of various canned food items , 7 years worth of vitamins , 100 containers of energy bars / snack items , 1,000 gallons of water , 150 military survival food kits , 16 boxes of various alcoholic wines , 150 cases of drinking fluids , chewing gum , lifesaver candy and various other miscellaneous food items .
i believe it comes from a dietary deficiency of vitamin a .
why are crabbits so low in vitamin a ?
well crabbit meat does not contain vitamin a .
and then introduce a source of vitamin a into their diet .
besides , continued the specter , we ca n't introduce vitamin a to the crabbits .
your weak teeth have something to do with a lack of vitamin a in your diet .
why are nt i getting any vitamin a ?
we ve just gone over several times at length how crabbit meat contains no vitamin a whatsoever .
its all been taken down to the crabbit beach , at your recent request that we introduce a source of vitamin a into their diet .
the vitamin a factor might have saved him , for once the crabbits had chewed to the bone they conveniently broke all their weak teeth and were unable to continue attacking .
being on a usm outpost meant i would not be getting enough of the vitamins i usually got on earth .
even so , we will be about 15 to 20 % short on essential proteins and vitamins .
for myself i find that a couple garlic tabs , vitamin c , and a couple of echinacea will knock it down in an hour ; that s what works for me .
amicas illness was still in the very early stages , and could be easily treated with vitamin supplements and rest , but roberts had hung so much on alberts ability to see the future , and he was missing things in the here and now .
they grow almost year round , the roots store through the winter , and they have just about every vitamin you need .
it will be good to have some fresh vitamins after all that canned food .
manna products lowest end goods , cans of protein and vitamin meal .
unlike processed foods , which are full of empty calories and artificial preservatives , raw fruits and vegetables provide healthy doses of vitamins and minerals that can energize better than any sugary energy drink .
a host of tubes punctured the thing , some carrying a compound of vitamins and minerals mixed with sawdust for the plants consumption , others carrying out waste , and still others carrying out the precious nutrimilk which the living plant produced .
once onboard they immediately hooked her up to a tpn intravenous drip , which consisted of vitamins , salts , glucose , lipids , and essential amino acids .
i had lived a life dining on different mashes derived from both the vegetation we grew and waste products that were purified , converted , and enhanced with vitamins .
it 's the vitamins and nutrients found in food , all taken out and put in water .
the vaccine carried everything that a human would need to fight disease , along with plenty of vitamins , minerals , antioxidants , etc .
lighting could energise a work area , foster somnolence in another , boost plant growth in a garden , create a little piece of tropicana or while maintaining epidermal health and vitamin levels .
we had a commons with a pool and a basketball court , among other amenities , including the sun room fifteen minutes of pure , lighted bliss , giving all bunker residents their daily dose of vitamin d. everything was warm , everything was in its right place , and people were happy for the most part .
we tell him to set up a dummy government program , like an fda vitamin regimen , otherwise everyone is going to die .
rei first noticed them ( they are transparent and resemble vitamin e capsules ) early in the story but his observations are rejected by both rome and omcom at that point in time .
they had half of ones daily caloric intake , half of all the necessary vitamins and minerals as well as a substantial amount of protein .
people had to supplement with synthetic vitamins in order to keep themselves from malnourishment but it was a cost most gladly paid in order to reduce the food budget .
that with a few appetite suppressing pills and vitamins would be enough to keep him going until lunch .
does n't mean they 're not full of vitamins and will fill your belly .
i am citizen herder vitamin . ''
i will have no problems , '' vitamin assured him , again flourishing her informer .
to his dismay , none of his otherwise splendid locations struck him as being safe from helicopter pilots , who might report him acting strangely if they saw him covertly watching vitamin .
nor , for that matter , did he find it enjoyable to watch vitamin , who continued to sit in one place , confident that the beef cows who had never been milked , who had moved on to grass , would nevertheless ' come home ' to the years - old haystacks to be milked .
he snuck out just before dark , only to see vitamin still sitting on the same hay bale .
afraid that vitamin might walk up the hill he 'd had a herder at his door before , after all he put the food away , resolving that he 'd give julia double rations in the morning , to make up for missing her evening feeding today .
it landed near vitamin , who climbed on board with no hint of frustration at not having been able to count any cattle .
maybe it was the lack of vitamins that cora mentioned .
and the food 's fortified with all the vitamins you need .
if we expand the definition of drugs to include all chemicalsand that s what proteins and vitamins are , essentially .
or suppose he did not pour in some vitamin b12 , for example , which the body uses to process and repair dna strands .
they did nt mind being left to themselves and just hoped to find some food without meat for kaitlyn and something with vitamins for both of them .
` ` those cookies are actually filled with many vitamins and nutrients .
i would be walking around on crutches every morning , consuming vast amounts of vitamins during the day , swigging viagra in the evening and dreading the next life - threatening bedtime .
hey , lets have a drink to not the same old protein vitamin water : na .
since it can obtain these vitamins from soil and other sources , ingestion is primarily for protein .
her body did not have a meaningfully larger requirement for the vitamins , nutrients and phytochemicals found in vegetables , but she was eating many times the necessary quantity to remain healthy .
people get diseases when they do not get enough of a vitamin or mineral , so they think getting extra will make you less sick .
its high in b vitamins and sought after , as a natural product , harvested and exported .
it consists of protein mixes , vitamins and carbohydrates , depending on the body type .
its fruit is often crushed for juice extracts and is a strong source of vitamins and minerals , notably vitamin b3 .
its fruit is often crushed for juice extracts and is a strong source of vitamins and minerals , notably vitamin b3 .
templar miniseries highwater : water combined with minerals , vitamins , and body - salts and with the citrus fruits of jilta , sold commercially and made from similar fruits in different sectors .
a health website shed visited once recommended them as the perfect replacement for potato chips since they contained vitamins , lowered cholesterol , and promoted regularity .
it was good to have a taste of home up here in this sun - starved north , where she needed vitamin d lotion just to keep her chocolate complexion from turning ashen .
among nadias things on wrens bedmat , under her dry towel , she found two sealed blocks of protein paste with cores of vitamins and paprika .
she needs some minerals and vitamins , particularly vitamin d , that are n't in our food .
she needs some minerals and vitamins , particularly vitamin d , that are n't in our food .
josh frowned , ` ` where are we going to get the vitamins and minerals she needs ?
i saw some spacesuits the first time i went into the city , but i do n't remember anything about vitamins .
add the amount of minerals and vitamins for the proper nutrition for your body . '
they say it will make food and you can add vitamins and minerals to get the proper nutrition . ''
in the back he found boxes and bags of protein , vitamins and minerals .
he found an empty counter to set them on , secured them in place , then filled them with protein , vitamins and minerals .
it has a bigger dose of the minerals and vitamins that the healer unit says you need . ''
as the cocktail of vitamins and drugs entered her system , her eyelids quivered once then lifted , revealing two white orbs .
the rest were fairly easy to find , flu medication for those cold winter nights , kiddies vitamins for the girls and lastly laxatives for smith , some nights it would sound like a pig being slaughtered outside when he went to relieve himself , the poor mans stomach still had nt adapted to our precarious diet .
i d also like to find supplements , a good selection of first aid stuff , vitamins , band aids , disinfectant , things like that .
it contained a lot of calories and vitamins , the government knew that most children only got those two meals due to the wartime economy .
writing this was a tough slog , eating away many hours of my life , probably literally by limiting my vitamin d. but its done , its over no wait there s more .
what type of vitamins should the mother take ?
you can think of it the same way you would as taking vitamin or food supplements .
well , its a vitamin smoothie , sweetie , she said , patting her on the thigh .
you re probably tasting the vitamin powder .
no , i ve had vitamin smoothies before .
i believe that vitamin powder package said there was a little malt in it .
they probably wanted to mask the taste of the vitamins .
suella continued to give natalie the vitamin shake every day , knowing that it was among the only ways that her daughter was getting complete protein .
give it a few more weeks and this rice will be a source of every vitamin you need for your body .
the meal consisted of a standardized thick substance , with an additional fruit or vegetable and vitamin and mineral supplements .
she removed a tube of aspirin and a tin containing vitamin c wafers to be slowly sucked to combat sore throat .
before the vitamin c tablet had wholly dissolved on his tongue he fell into deep dreamless sleep .
oh , do make sure you bring some , ahem , vitamin m , love .
they both squatted at the edge of the pool as muzar ripped open one of the vitamin packed protein bars he had procured from a duffle bag .
the meat is pumped with vitamins , and i think other stuff , to make sure that we will be the best hosts for their children .
they show us where they add in the vitamins , and there is a long , impressive list on the wall in the lab , explaining what each one does .
he will also find a syringe ( which i brought in case i needed to inject vitamins ) and he will also find a spoon ( which i use for stirring my tea . )
surprisingly , his diet of dry dog food was supplying him with enough calories and vitamins to keep him alert .
the clear ones reminded rei of a vitamin e capsule .
a quick search through the drug store turned up antibiotics , an ace bandage that might help , and some vitamins .
he did n't know if the vitamins could help , but he was sure they could n't hurt .
we need vitamins .
i do nt know how we could get fresh fruits and vegetables now , so vitamins are the next best thing .
they can start to sift through the rubble to see if they can rescue some of the prescription and non - prescription meds , homeopathics and all of the vitamins that they can find .
he had seen god in a flashback after an acid trip ; he had been experimenting with water - soluble vitamins , huge doses of them .
again and again he took a whole lot of lsd and those water - soluble vitamins , but he never saw it again ; he never found the combination . ''
it 's time for my wheat germ oil , my vitamin e. must go to my quarters .
his medical care was free , including the light panels and vitamin supplements his sun - starved body craved .
in the refrigeration compartment miss fellowes found three quarts of milk , with a warming unit and a supply of fortifications in the form of vitamin supplements , copper - cobalt - iron syrup , and other things she had no time to be concerned with now .
timmie had eaten ravenously - an entire flask of some synthetic vitamin drink that dr . jacobs had recommended , plus another bowl of oatmeal and a small piece of toast , the first solid food she had risked letting him have .
they 're well - balanced nourishment with no waste and , as a matter of fact , they 're full of vitamins and minerals and everything anyone needs and we can have all the chicken we want when we eat in community on the chicken tuesdays . ''
` ` potatoes have vitamins and minerals in them , '' elsie had informed him .
the plane had been flown up from houston to san francisco that afternoon ; it was now nine o'clock at night , and puzzled workers were loading on the large aluminum travel cage , boxes of vitamin pills , a portable potty , and cartons of toys .
` ` what about her vitamins and medications ?
` ` she takes the same vitamins that people do , except that she 'll need lots of ascorbic acid . ''
` ` remember the vitamins i gave you ?
the kigani were a poor and backward people ; their knowledge of hygiene was rudimentary , their diet lacked proteins and vitamins , and they were prey to malaria , hookworm , bilharzia , and african sleeping sickness .
and she had found herself unable to deny the profound , compulsive hungers for foods heavy in b - complex vitamins .
susan called after him : ` ` do n't forget matt needs vitamins in his cereal .
it was stacked with baby food , juice containers , baby vitamins , bottles of formula .
they have a vitamin company .
so many people , suffering from vitamin deficiencies and radiation sickness in recent times ... they had lost teeth , developed soft gums .
tablespoons of oily yellow fluid every morning : vitamin e. strangely enough it did not seem to be a shuck in her case ; her erotic stamina increased with each spoonful .
there were tiny sores in his mouth , the result of vitamin deprivation , and the salt taste made him grin bitterly .
vitamin e ; that is the vitamin of vitality ... but of course for a young woman like yourself , not yet appropriate . ''
vitamin e ; that is the vitamin of vitality ... but of course for a young woman like yourself , not yet appropriate . ''
` ` are you taking your vitamins ? ''
as an adult , she traveled around with her own teas , her own salad dressings , her own vitamins neatly arranged in little glassine packs .
` ` did she remember to take her vitamins ? ''
` ` recommend immediate and aggressive treatment via daily injections of vitamin d3 , calcium , and phosphorus .
the vitamin d in the bulbs ca n't compensate for pigmentation .
` ` vitamin d. '' then they came into a large room unlike anything norman had ever seen .
` ` i thought i 'd better get a little vitamin d , norm . ''
some are vitamins .
leavitt explained that it had been developed for the astronauts , and that it contained everything except air - soluble vitamins .
or too little vitamin k. malabsorption syndrome .
after a few weeks of shampoo in hotel showers and health vitamins , it was glossy and soft again .
she briefed him and set the boy up for a glucose and vitamin series from her emergency packet .
richards wondered if it had been fortified with something ( vitamin b-12 , perhaps ? )
' with b2 shots - plus thiamine and vitamins - you might manage it in ten days .
do you know what a vitamin is , for instance ?
other than that , the results show she 's slightly anemic and lacking certain vitamins and minerals .
i took a breath , and a drink of vitamin water .
if you take daily vitamins and refrain from any strenuous activity , you should be well enough to train again in two , maybe even one .
the big voice says it 's loaded with ten essential vitamins and minerals .
` ` i ' ve got some b vitamins in my bag , '' she said .
but a vaccination program against measles and polio , along with the administration of simple deworming tablets and vitamins , was saving countless young lives .
` ` i ' ve prepared the vitamin k and the eyedrops .
once the last load of food lifted off , the belt , the jovian system , and the myriad long - term bases in their own orbits around the sun would have to find a different way to get vitamins and micronutrients for their kids .
rice : 17 % flour : 6 % sugar : 11 % grain : 3 % iodized salt : 32 % corn : 0 % vitamin c : 55 % soybeans : 0 % powdered milk : 0 % malt : 4 % barley : 3 % yeast : 1 % the list continued on .
` ` sweet as sugar , loaded with vitamins . ''
foraging around the medical area , i found the main bottle of vitamins .
so i wo n't have any nutritional problems ( though i 'll still starve to death when i ' m out of food , no matter how many vitamins i take ) .
with a nearly infinite supply of vitamins , all i need are calories of any kind to survive .
soon his entire diet will be potatoes and vitamin supplements .
the three remaining laptops , all the pens , the vitamin bottles ( probably not necessary but i ' m not taking chances ) , medical supplies , etc .
are you taking prenatal vitamins ?
in the movie , they used water to deliver enzyme sevenonly they called it vitamin x instead .
enriched with extra iron and vitamins and stuff .
its a beautiful day , mom , you could use some vitamin d on that lily - white skin of yours .
connect with the author online : blog : http : //kaitlyndavisbooks.blogspot.com/ facebook : http : //www.facebook.com / kaitlyndavisbooks twitter : http : //twitter.com / daviskaitlyn tumblr : http : //kaitlyndavisbooks.tumblr.com/ goodreads : http : //www.goodreads.com / author / show/5276341.kaitlyn_davis smashwords : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / kaitlyndavis cm doporto - element element part 1 by cm doporto college freshman , natalie vega , offers to be a test patient for several vitamins and supplements created by kronberg laboratories , a large pharmaceutical company where she interns .
she swallowed hard , feeling the vitamins she took ten minutes ago ease their way up .
just the supplements and vitamins from kronberg labs , that 's all .
it 's only vitamins and protein along with some amino acids .
i think its the vitamins and protein i ve been taking .
what vitamins are you taking ?
its only vitamins and protein drinks .
these are vitamins and herbal medications used by athletes and body builders to enhance physical performance .
we finish lunch , walk back to the dorm , and decide that since the sky is that perfect carolina blue , we will hang out on the lawn and grab a little vitamin d. hey , y all .
i know that we need time to catch up and what better way than in the middle of a pond soaking up some vitamin d , even if it is almost winter .
the first few moments that the curtains were opened , she stood in front of the window , enjoying the sunlight touch her skin , her eyes closed and her body soaking in all the vitamins she could .
once the food hits a stomach lining , then the clumps of fat , protein , sugar and starches will broke down into minerals , vitamins , and nutrients for a starving body .
i grab hold of a guy who looks like he should be upping his vitamin intake .
and my brain needed some vitamins or something because the images it had given me were not even in the vicinity of how stunning she was .
what you and julian did today was supply the plants with minerals and vitamins to grow healthy and strong .
multigrain oat bread , a protein and vitamin shake , and a piece of fruit were prepared on identical trays that had to be picked up from the service area , while we kept ourselves in an orderly line .
there is fresh acidic grapefruit juice enhanced with vitamins and digestive supplements to refresh you .
it was full of vitamins and all that other stuff they kept telling us was good for our bodies .
medicines will have been administered to that child at some point , in the guise of vitamin supplements or as a needed cure for a minor ailment , but in fact it was those medicines that caused infertility .
no , but ill take some vitamins just in case i am .
when i turned around i saw a garlic tablet and two vitamin c tablets beside the glass of juice .
i found a tattered green and white striped canvas deck chair propped in between two rusting old oil barrels and dragged it off into the scrubby grassland , determined to enjoy a few hours of fresh air and soak up some vitamin d. in the light of day there really was nt much to see out there .
chapter twenty - two vitamin c morning was announced by agatha thrusting orange juice under my nose .
at least in my room i do nt get force - fed vitamins .
low iron , low vitamins d and b-12 , mild dehydration , and menstruation period beginning .
if i had more funds available in the chip that resides within me , i d indulge in more vitamins and minerals .
after some time sprinting and bounding around the rough terrain , the vitamins surrender to my will to deplete my final ounces of strength .
people do have vitamin d deficiencies .
they say i can top them up with the vitamins and mineral pills they ve left out for me on the kitchen top .
but seriously tammie , there are medicines and vitamins you should be taking to make sure your baby is healthy .
we provide general health care , including prenatal counseling and prenatal vitamins , which i encourage you , she points at tammie , to begin taking if you are nt already .
pregnancy is hard enough without having medical complications that could be avoided by simply taking a vitamin .
she was tiny by nature , not just because we only ate every three days and probably had scurvy since we were lacking serious vitamin c. she barely cleared 53 , and her feet were average size enough that she could double up on socks and fit almost any pair we found .
and each day , the screen produced a bunch of pills , one for each family member , which contained a set amount of calories , vitamins and nutrients .
jessie implored , but there are all kinds of alternative treatments herbs , vitamins , acupuncture ...
i do nt know about you , but ethan could use a little more vitamin e in his life .
i swallow my nervousness like a too - large vitamin and head in the right direction , glancing in each haphazard cubicle until i find a plaque on one reading derek wise , community .
there would be no lazing on white sandy beaches , in the dead of summer , soaking up vitamin d. there would be no desperation for italian ice or even the need for sun blocknot that i ever used it anyway .
someone handed me a tray of food and a milkshake , which they told me had the extra vitamins i needed in it .
however , orange juice was rich in vitamin c so it could nt hurt even though it contained pulp .
` ` you do need all the vitamins you can take in , you look far too thin . ''
patty was to begin regular check - ups and prenatal vitamins , and all sorts of birthing options , classes , and reading material were offered .
they had been on a two - week break where patty had been taking new vitamins and feeling her body becoming strong again .
however , there might be other problems accelerating the process such as vitamin deficiencies , chronic infection , thyroid problems or other chemical imbalances .
her grandmother turns and looks at the solid wood dining table covered in more newspapers , a half - open book laying upside down to mark the page , more dirty dishes , pill bottles , vitamin bottles , and a threesome of mugs .
in the middle of one angst - filled question that piques her interest , she finishes her oatmeal and swallows the last of her supplements , 500 mg of vitamin c. forgetting all about the half - read question , she takes her crusted bowl to the sink and runs water in it .
fortunately for alex , she was able to traverse well enough on her own for the simple fact that she had more than her fair share of vitamins in her system , better enabling her to see in the dark .
he grabbed a vitamin case from the cupboard .
we each have different vitamins based on our personal requirements .
i tapped a vitamin on my tongue and took it down with water .
did you take your vitamins today ?
leaving the office , i ate a bowl of cereal and took my vitamins .
just the vitamins chris gave to me .
tre grabbed my bottle of vitamins from the table and popped two of them onto his palm .
ill do that now , i agreed and plopped the vitamins on my tongue , taking the drink and guzzling it down .
it looked like a brown sandy coffee bean , and an exact replica of the vitamins i d been taking .
hey , i replied , grabbing my bottle of vitamins from the top shelf .
these vitamins i d been taking were identical to the morning glory seed capsules .
there was no point in getting chris or tre involved until i knew for a fact what was going on with these vitamins .
did you fill my vitamin bottle with morning glory seeds ?
you spiked my vitamins ?
ok , seriously , you swapped my vitamins with flower poison and now you re saying so what ?
pantothenic acid was commonly known as vitamin b5 , and in small doses is thought to help the nervous system communicate with the brain .
its more commonly known as vitamin b5 .
think all them hot new york divorcees jus ' come down here for nothing but sunshine an ' vitamin d ?
i make him a glass of this vitamin juice drink that he likes and i hear him call me .
i bring him his vitamin drink and look over his shoulder .
in front of the crop lie two large whitish seminal vesicles , whose function is to secrete fluids such as proteins , fructose , vitamin c , and enzymes .
the inventory of convoy 6a included rice , potatoes , ready - made bread , and 2,000 kilograms of vitamins a - d. is that what they were after ?
i also have a special recipe for a vitamin which will not only clean people up from substance abuse , but it will take the place of alcohol , drugs and other popular illegal substances .
it must take energy and building blocks sugars , protein , amino acids , vitamins and minerals , stuff like that .
if i m confined in this hospital , i wo nt get a sufficient amount of vitamin d which then means my bone density will start to decrease and i will end up in your company with multiple fractures caused by mike when he is julian .
one good sniff of that and you ll have all the vitamins you need , and he laughed as he trotted away .
i will tell her they re vitamins .
baby , i have some vitamins for you .
you might want to get this one some vitamins .
i need my vitamins , said bates .
and vitamin w , she concluded .
my father calls it vitamin w , tleena said with a laugh .
i m thinking , bed rest and plenty of vitamin c. we left kay erwin at her office and rode the elevator down together .
full of antioxidants , vitamins , minerals and life - extending miracle ingredients !
he says makah babies need vitamin w to grow strong .
something we need in our diet , a vitamin that makes us strong .
from his perspective , our culture benefits from alcohol but refuses to let makahs benefit from vitamin w. that s doubly cruel , and a form of genocide , according to steel .
now , concerning gordons claim that makahs need vitamin w , scientists have yet to find any information at the dna code level , but that s not to say there is nt any .
peyton mckean has discovered a synthetic vitamin w , so your children can take it as a supplement .
what s vitamin b12 ?
decades ago , when medical researchers were discovering vitamins a through e , they learned that there was not just one , but twelve different b vitamins .
decades ago , when medical researchers were discovering vitamins a through e , they learned that there was not just one , but twelve different b vitamins .
maybe you ve found vitamin w1 okay , and its good for saving babalthuds .
but maybe our kids need vitamin w12 .
i think maybe the next albert einstein could be a makah , but only if he eats a proper diet with lots of vitamin w. our kids immunity will be stronger if they get their vitamin w , and they ll do better in school .
i think maybe the next albert einstein could be a makah , but only if he eats a proper diet with lots of vitamin w. our kids immunity will be stronger if they get their vitamin w , and they ll do better in school .
but if there is , i tell you he or she will be raised on a diet with lots of vitamin w. that s why i ve been feeding our people sea spinach .
i knew those vitamin ws were in it .
his source of blubber is obscure because spirit cove is remote from the prying eyes of babalthuds , but it seems likely no makah child will ever again lack a serving of vitamin w. as for tleena steel and mewell , that s another story .
unfortunately , even the vitamin regimen combined with the strict diet routine that they had followed meticulously could nt save her and had been a study in irritation .
you know she has me eating vitamins ?
here is the list of medications i sent him last night : advair 500/50 2 times daily mucinex neurontin 300 mg/3 times daily meloxicam 7.5 mg tramadol 50 mg/3 times daily tylenol 750 mg/3 times daily losartan potassium 50 mg pravastatin 40 mg verapamil er 240 mg aspirin 81 mg singular 10 mg ambien 5 mg xalatan trimethoprim 100 mg acidophylus flaxseed oil 1000 mg vitamin d 1000 mg calcium 1500 mg multi vitamins fish oil 1000 mg preservision with 20 mg lutein co q 10 75 mg so what did nicole and trevor think about the list of medicines ?
here is the list of medications i sent him last night : advair 500/50 2 times daily mucinex neurontin 300 mg/3 times daily meloxicam 7.5 mg tramadol 50 mg/3 times daily tylenol 750 mg/3 times daily losartan potassium 50 mg pravastatin 40 mg verapamil er 240 mg aspirin 81 mg singular 10 mg ambien 5 mg xalatan trimethoprim 100 mg acidophylus flaxseed oil 1000 mg vitamin d 1000 mg calcium 1500 mg multi vitamins fish oil 1000 mg preservision with 20 mg lutein co q 10 75 mg so what did nicole and trevor think about the list of medicines ?
she always thought it to be a vitamin or some kind of narcotic , but the way he coveted it made her curious .
now he peddled pills to junkies , gave supposed vitamin shots to recovering alcoholics , and treated those too afraid to visit the hospital .
i gave her a shot of vitamins , so that should help .
i hope you ve been taking your vitamins .
the allopaths like things neat and tidy if they can find a single , organic diagnosis , whether its lead poisoning or a brain tumor or vitamin deficiency or whatever , which accounts for all the symptoms whether they re physical or mental ones , that s usually thought to be best all round .
we still use a very small amount for the pleasant flavor it adds , plus it is significant in providing vitamins b and c. i use small quantities of ginkgo since it can cause bleeding particularly among people who take warfarin , or vitamin k intolerant , or in pregnant women , and it can cause restlessness and headaches if overdosed .
we still use a very small amount for the pleasant flavor it adds , plus it is significant in providing vitamins b and c. i use small quantities of ginkgo since it can cause bleeding particularly among people who take warfarin , or vitamin k intolerant , or in pregnant women , and it can cause restlessness and headaches if overdosed .
one little berry has the vitamin c content of two oranges .
normal grocery items are taxed at 2 % , candy and utensils 5 % , vitamins and ready - to - eat items 8 % .
since vitamins are not food , they must be inedible , which would make them ... utensils ?
they have enormous displays of vitamins , these vitamins take up half the store .
they have enormous displays of vitamins , these vitamins take up half the store .
if we have the doctors office dispense it , we can tell them its vitamins , '' sam said .
well supply you with the medication.you dispense it here and tell them its vitamins . ''
prescription vitamins ? ''
i m having a hard time believing that this illness can be dealt with by just taking vitamins , '' brian said .
this is a one week supply , '' donovan continued.as long as you stay on these vitamins you will be fine.when you are running low come back to the office.if you are not having any problems the nurse will do a quick check in and give you another weeks supply.you wo nt have to wait to see me .
driving back home , brian felt hopeful.he silently prayed to the drug god and promised to never touch another medication again if he could just escape the pain he was feeling at that moment.he was so focused on his little envelop of vitamins he forgot to be nervous about driving home .
there s more , '' he said.dominex is footing the bill and the vitamins .
yeah , vitamins , '' jerry said exaggerating the first syllable to show his contempt.no one knows for sure what is in those vitamins , but ill tell you one thing.those people better not stop taking their one - a - days . ''
yeah , vitamins , '' jerry said exaggerating the first syllable to show his contempt.no one knows for sure what is in those vitamins , but ill tell you one thing.those people better not stop taking their one - a - days . ''
all the sick people are going to magically get better , '' jerry said ironically.just think , '' he continued , all that healing from a multiple vitamin . ''
maybe i should down a couple of those vitamins , '' jerry said .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * brian carter had been taking his vitamins for three days , and was beginning to notice an improvement.he had actually slept for five hours the night before and his intense dizziness had become an occasional wave.he was still feeling weak and tired , but he was a new man.brian picked up the phone and dialed the number to the mental health center .
i m doing better , since i started taking those vitamins , '' brian answered .
did you say he put you on vitamins ? ''
okay , tell me what is going on , '' he demanded , visibly shaken.carol could not put him off any longer.she told him about his drug screen result and explained that the result could only be from one substance.it had to have been in the vitamins , and that was what had made him feel better.so , you re telling me that i am back on that drug ? ''
these vitamins are great , clair continued.i know you are only supposed to take one a day but i was in really bad shape .
when she returned , carol filled her in on everything she knew about the vitamins the doctor was handing out.clair listened to the explanation.i guess i should have known that a vitamin could nt make me feel this much better , or this sleepy , '' clair interjected .
when she returned , carol filled her in on everything she knew about the vitamins the doctor was handing out.clair listened to the explanation.i guess i should have known that a vitamin could nt make me feel this much better , or this sleepy , '' clair interjected .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * brian and his wife pam were growing further apart with each passing day.she had been very much in favor of the vitamin doctor , especially after brian had started feeling better.he had started looking and acting like his old self again.but since this carol person had intervened and convinced him that he had a drug problem , their lives had turned to shit .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * doctor donovan had been put on the alert.the fact that the pills he had been handing out were not vitamins had become public knowledge.it was a stupid idea to begin with.he did nt mind discarding the remaining sedatives , or being called upon to deal with dominexs sick volunteers another way.what he minded very much was the idea that anyone would be snooping around his practice.he had managed to avoid being in the spotlight a long time , and now his greed for dominexs business had put an end to all that .
the doctor had met with jeff edwards and sam reynolds to discuss an appropriate plan of action.the plan they had all finally agreed on was to switch the medication in the envelopes and replace it with true vitamins.the patients would quickly return to their prior condition and donovan would assume the role of perplexed physician.he would explain that for some patients , he had found that the vitamins only had a very short - term effect.saddened by this conclusion , he would recommend that they resume their medication.if the patient declined to follow his advice they would be doing so with the knowledge that the withdrawal would return .
the men decided that this would result in minimal hysteria and , with a little luck , the disaster would remain contained.no one knew how far the knowledge of donovans vitamins may have traveled.as far as jeff and sam knew , the word had only spread quietly among some of the volunteers , but they could not promise the doctor that communication had stopped there.donovan knew that his means of doing business came with some risk , and regardless of whose idea it had been to deceive the volunteers he had ultimately agreed.his office had been cleaned out and , to the best of his knowledge , there were no remaining pieces of evidence.business would continue as usual .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela porter had been sitting in the waiting room of dr . donovans office for almost an hour.she had lied to dominex about having any prior psychiatric diagnosis.her mission had been to get into their study , and ride the free medicine train.now she was paying the price for her deception.she had been taking her vitamins religiously , and now felt just as sick as before she had started taking them .
` ` so , when dr . donovan handed her the vitamins , she went home and happily complied with his instructions .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * down the hall from the fire fighters meeting , jerry owens read his email.thank you , god ! he had been keeping meticulous records of the volunteers activities.he had contacted every one of them and had them all listed by name.he had documented every conversation , as well as the volunteers continued statuses.he knew which ones had completed the study , and which ones had dropped out.he had documented whether or not the volunteer had gone to see dr . donovan , whether they had taken the vitamins , and who had decided to return to the medication.he had no idea what sheila was going to do with all this information , but it was solid and complete.jerry placed the information into his briefcase and carried it to the elevator.he had taken the incriminating documentation home with him every night , and now he was removing it permanently.its next home would be in sheila montgomerys apartment.he was glad to be done with it .
you are being very dramatic.at this moment the only thing we are doing is offering these people vitamins or the option of going back on their meds .
have been ever since the vitamin scare . ''
donovan worked on a respectable lie while he unlocked the file cabinet.he quickly found terry sanderss file and glanced through it.the patient had come to him a short time ago with common sedative withdrawal.he had been put on vitamins , with returning symptoms.when counseled on his options , mr . sanders had chosen to remain off sedatives.although he had failed to disclose any prior psychiatric problems , there was a note on the chart that suspected some previous depression.damn , '' the doctor swore under his breath.he had hoped that sanders had been one of the many patients that had opted to go back on his meds.the patients chart had some serious holes that , if evaluated by a medical person , would allow for a lot of unanswered questions.good thing i decided to get this tonight .
well this doctor hands me a small brown envelope , and tells me its vitamins . ''
i have that effect on people , '' she said humorlessly.brian told me that the vitamins were working and i got very suspicious . ''
do nt , jason added.if this guy was handing out sedatives and telling his patients they were vitamins , there will be other remaining traces .
he said that the vitamin sales people were very generous.both reporters looked at brian incredulously.yeah , i know , '' he responded.i ca nt believe i just fluffed over that one either.but at the time , i was so sick i would have accepted a magic wand if he had offered one .
if they do anything , '' brian added.donovan and his little vitamin caravan could have set up shop in mexico by now . ''
dominex plays hard ball.any information that can be easily covered up or explained away will be washed over.look at how quickly they eliminated the vitamin scam .
stop playing around , '' she directed.tell me again about the phone conversation you had with the volunteer that knew about the vitamin scam . ''
carol listened while clairs brother described the terrible tragedy.clair had overdosed several times on the doctors vitamins.after the vitamins lost their effect , she elected to go back on the medication , but began abusing the substance.something she had not done prior to the drug companys study.clair had been brought in to piedmont hospital on two separate occasions for overdoses.the last overdose had landed her in intensive care , where they had made arrangements to send her to ridgeview for a long - term recovery program once she was discharged.the morning that clair was scheduled to leave piedmont , she was found in the bathroom with her wrists cut.she had probably been in there just prior to the end of the night shift , and it was hours into the day shift before anyone had gone in to check on her .
the pharmaceutical company contacted her and told her see that donovan guy.he told her he was putting her on vitamins and she started feeling much better.my sister trusted everyone , '' the man laughed humorlessly.she believed this guy.even after the counselor had contacted her and told her she had been put back on the medication , she refused to really believe it . ''
so , she kept taking the so called vitamins ? ''
she began abusing the so called vitamins , '' steve stated.she started going back for refills long before she was due , and no matter how many times she returned , that asshole gave her more . ''
we got him , '' sandra announced , elated.if doctor donovan notated that your sister was on vitamins in her chart , and the hospital shows that she tested positive for the drug , then we have something to work with . ''
the company responded to the volunteers by providing them with medical treatment , or at least the illusion of treatment.the volunteers were seen by dr . george donovan , where they were given prescription vitamins .
these vitamins would have been the cure of the century , except they were nt vitamins.the small brown envelopes reportedly contained medication with the same compound found in valipene.the apparent plan to contain the volunteers was halted abruptly when some of the study patients reportedly discovered that they had resumed taking the drug.volunteers became ill once again when the vitamins were eliminated .
these vitamins would have been the cure of the century , except they were nt vitamins.the small brown envelopes reportedly contained medication with the same compound found in valipene.the apparent plan to contain the volunteers was halted abruptly when some of the study patients reportedly discovered that they had resumed taking the drug.volunteers became ill once again when the vitamins were eliminated .
upon returning to donovans office , they were told that , for some , the vitamins became ineffective over time and were given the option of going back on the sedative medication or returning to their previous withdrawal condition .
so , you deny the allegation that you gave the study volunteers sedatives , telling them it was a prescription vitamin ? ''
i ca nt believe they thought they could pass vitamins off as a miracle cure for sedative withdrawal , '' carol added.there are a lot of very uninformed and scared people in the world.most of them never question what a doctor tells them .
so , the vitamin scam and the sick volunteers will all be attributed to what happened to them as a result of seeing this doctor ? ''
donovan did nt even remember who brian carter was.he got up to retrieve the file and brought it back to his desk.carter had been in to see him only once.he had been given suprame under the guise of the vitamin scam and had not returned.his revised chart stated that he had been given the option to resume or withdraw off the sedative and chose to terminate the drug.the chart documented one follow - up contact by his staff and stated that the patient had refused further treatment .
brian carters version of the story would be very different from his.this in turn would open up a whole new investigation.what had he been thinking when he d agreed to the stupid idea of treating addicts with vitamins ? he had no choice now but to comply with the medical boards request.they usually leaned in favor of the doctor , but in this case he was pushing his luck.it was still too early for his staffs arrival.donovan carried the file to his receptionists desk and left her a note instructing her to have a copy of it ready for the courier.he could nt revise the chart any further.it would have to go as is .
after he was taken off the vitamins , marlene said , with air quotes , he believed that donovan was the head demon .
the paper stated that dominex purposefully altered the study by re - introducing the medication to its volunteers under the guise of vitamins . ''
i went to the doctors office that afternoon and was given a small brown envelope.the doctor told me it was vitamins . ''
yes , '' brian answered.when he went into a locked cabinet for the vitamins , i noticed that the entire cabinet was overloaded with the same brown envelopes.i asked him if he was preparing for an epidemic and he said he had a very generous sales rep . '' cox nodded and waited for an objection.pratt remained quiet .
how did you respond to the vitamins ? ''
she told me that she really did nt think that vitamins were a cure for sedative withdrawal . ''
that was nt a vitamin pill either , was it ?
the close - set blue eyes set off by a complexion over - stocked with vitamin d was familiar from the docklands warehouse crime scene : the a - z demolitions operations director , jock mcclean .
he exits his truck , pulls his heavy - duty coveralls on over his jeans and sweatshirt , takes a couple long swigs from his vodka and vitamin water concoction and walks toward the palletizing area , ready to start his shift .
they have a similar effect to coffee , but it lasts longer , and they contain some vitamins .
i wondered what else he 'd bought ; angels were n't known for keeping up on the necessities of human nutrition , although i could n't deny that the jerky gave me protein and the juice some necessary vitamins .
she took her vitamins .
i took some vitamins .
next to it was a no - name vitamin shop and then another pawnbroker .
so probably the horses got mostly hay , with some of the supplement to make up the vitamins .
maybe some vitamins , too .
tell her your doctor recommended tanning for , uh , which vitamin is it ? ''
her right hand was pointing at a vitamin shop .
the same applies to most of the food we eat -- -white bread with all the roughage removed , refined sugar with all the goodness machined out of it , pasteurized milk which has had most of the vitamins boiled away , everything overcooked and denaturized .
some of them were vitamins .
we make chemicals and perfumes and vitamins and hair sprays and pesticides .
jennifer obediently drank more milk than she wanted , took vitamins and ate all the proper , healthy foods .
tracy watched gunther as he fed the birds a special racing feed with added vitamins .
hanging in front of it on threads are bottles of vitamins .
keep your winter resistance up with nu - u glow vitamins !
dennis had discovered health foods , vitamins , supplements , herbal teas , and such and was anxious to try some products on his friend .
the object was shiny and oval , like a vitamin pill wrapped in foil .
protein and vitamins were what he needed .
he pulled out a swab and a tiny , ceramic capsule , the size of a vitamin capsule .
earlier he had noted the eyes were an ivory color and veinless -- - indicating a vitamin deficiency .
` ` antibiotics and vitamins mostly , '' the supervisor told her .
` ` then whose antibiotics and vitamins are you working on ? ''
` ` and , '' smith added , staring at the supervisor , ` ` why you need a level four lab for vitamins and antibiotics ? ''
it 's all routine junk about antibiotics and vitamins and hair spray !
regular checkups , vitamins , lean foods .
booker and i sneak in one day during ` ` america the beautiful , '' and sit in the back while miss birdie gives 'em all a pep talk about vitamins and proper exercise .
he wanted fresh fruit for charlie , and vitamin pills , and clothes .
it 'll help replenish the minerals and vitamins you ' ve lost .
` ` your morning vitamin c to ensure you have a good day , '' captain jack said as she accepted the drink .
lancre people looked after the calories and let the vitamins go hang .
i was amazed at what a bottle filled with soap and a few vitamins and minerals claimed to do .
` ` where in tink 's bordello do they keep the vitamin supplements ?
` ` the vitamins would be with the medicines , '' i said , and he jerked .
i could n't help but let my eyes ramble over him as he crouched before a display of vitamins and took off the shades i had bought him , not wanting a repeat of him grumbling over the sun all the way up there .
` ` grain 's a bit short but we ' ve got a handy surplus of white drumhead cabbage , keeps wonderfully , full of vitamins and minerals ... but you might want to keep your windows open , if you follow me .
ivy noticed that mrs . daniels had left the vitamin bottle on the counter , and she snatched it up to scan the label .
and ascorbic acid was ... ` ` vitamin c ! ''
it 's been hot and we ' ve got hard water at our house - all that could deplete the vitamin c in her diet .
` ` if there is n't any , we can always use vitamin drops . ''
for the added strength they perceive it gives them , like taking an overdose of vitamins .
that 's a good thing , of course , because you know some of the vampires would have used it as an excuse to up the annual quota , like a pre- ventive vitamin supplement . ` `
i was hunkered down in the vitamin - and - herb aisle , studying mother nature 's remedies and filling my red plastic shopping basket with vitamin c and boxes of garlic one gelcaps , when becky finally caught up to me .
i was hunkered down in the vitamin - and - herb aisle , studying mother nature 's remedies and filling my red plastic shopping basket with vitamin c and boxes of garlic one gelcaps , when becky finally caught up to me .
` ` alexander 's on a strict vitamin regimen .
instead he held up a pack of vitamin c with his bony hand .
he went to new york to try to be an actor , but all he got was some disease from not eating enough stuff with vitamins .
he 'd forced her to take some weird vitamins he 'd found and put her to bed .
` ` sunny had been giving me vitamin supplements , for my husband .
` ` the vitamin supplements are blue and sparkly , about the size of an aspirin . ''
she washed them down with a gulp of vitamin water .
all vamps needed blood , of course , drinking it down the way humans might swallow a daily dose of vitamins .
humans needed vitamins to keep going , and vamps needed sex and blood .
all vamps needed blood to live , of course , just the way that humans needed food and vitamins .
` ` i need my vitamins . ''
like all vampires , roslyn had to drink blood to live , but she got more than just vitamins and nutrients from it .
still , despite the bloody color and the symbol , the pill looked more like a kids ' vitamin than a dangerous drug , but i knew all too well how deceiving looks could be .
all vamps needed blood to live , since all those frosty pints of o - negative contained essential vitamins they required , just like other folks needed solid food to maintain a healthy playing weight .
be sure to start taking prenatal vitamins right away .
` ` we 're supposed to do lunch tomorrow and discuss his ideas for the special promotion on his new line of vitamins . ''
she hurried to the pantry , finding keene 's asthma medicine stacked on the same steel - wire shelf as joan 's vitamins and tubs of candy - colored tums .
thoy ovon got doublo the oxposuro at the uv camps , to mako suro thoir vitamin d took root .
ho had grown accustomed to the porsistont , gnawing omptinoss in the pit of his bolly ; ho know that protoin and vitamin doficioncios affocted not only his bonos and musclos but also his mind .
from the chickons , ovory once in a whilo ho got a frosh ogg packed with protoin , fat , vitamins , and minorals - as valuablo as a poarl from an oystor .
` ` be careful , she 'll have you drinking berry smoothies and taking vitamins and flaxseed oil , '' franklin put an arm around greg .
instead , a large vat labeled vitamins and supplements stands next to it .
but make sure he gives him at least a few every day , because he still needs the vitamin c and he wo n't drink the water when i use those vitamin drops- '' she pulls back and tucks my bleached stripe behind my ear .
but make sure he gives him at least a few every day , because he still needs the vitamin c and he wo n't drink the water when i use those vitamin drops- '' she pulls back and tucks my bleached stripe behind my ear .
instead , i thought about cassidy , and how she pronounced ` ` vitamin '' the british way and hated when people took too many napkins in restaurants .
he stood , soaking up the vitamin d until julia emerged from the airport , removing the scarf , freeing her hair to billow in the oklahoma wind .
` ` vitamin supplements ? ''
it filters toxins out of the body , excesses of vitamins or high levels of medications .
at night we 'd gas you , and then my aides would give you shots full of vitamins , nutrients , and the experimental chemicals .
once the paperwork was complete , after i had finished my drug study and vitamin z was introduced successfully into the controlled population , we were flown by helicopter to outpost 37 .
but macey only fingered the bottles on the shelves , handing anna a bottle of vitamin c. ` ` you should really take these . ''
headmistress morgan had , evidently , been fighting off a cold , because her trash contained fourteen used tissues and an empty bottle of vitamin c. i knocked a paper clip dispenser off her desk and channeled liz with a loud ` ` oopsy daisy . ''
i never should have deleted all those spam e - mails advertising the vitamin supplements for fuller , firmer br**sts .
maybe she knows something about those vitamin supplements .
11 at least sweet potatoes have lots of vitamin a ` ` her .
all her makeup , her wallet , her vitamins , the hydroxycut she 'd stolen ages ago from gnc but was a little too scared to take ... everything .
` ` this is the most amazing vitamin water i ' ve ever tried .
` ` and what 's with that vitamin water crap he keeps pushing ? ''
` ` i bet it does n't even have any vitamins in it , '' hanna said .
he said these drinks have a ton of vitamins in them and that i 'd feel better once i start drinking a couple bottles a day .
they burst into giggles and skipped away , taking a moment to knock over the giant inflatable bottle of aminospa vitamin drink that stood in front of the kiosk in the middle of the promenade .
when the game was finished - a complete rout - colin and his buddy shook hands , walked to the sidelines , gulped down two bottles of something called aminospa vitamin water , and stripped off their shirts .
` ` it 's full of vitamins . ''
that could easily have come from a vitamin deficiency brought on by red rock 's horrendously unbalanced meal plan .
it takes three to four oranges to make a tiny glass of juice , and i end up using twelve , just so ricky , donna , and i will get all the vitamin c we need to fight frickin ' colds and whatnot .
in fact , my boyfriend and i are just hanging out by the pool , soaking up some vitamin d. we have some friends coming over and they 're bringing lunch .
remember to take lots of vitamins before you pass out .
mrs . mercer set down a bottle of vitamins and walked over to emma .
` ` some vitamin c ? ''
she had to have some sort of vitamin deficiency or something .
` ` princess gummy vitamins ? ''
` ` but yeah , it took an entire bottle of vitamin e to take my hair back to normal .
get your prescription for your prenatal vitamins filled as soon as you leave .
there was evidence of vitamin starvation .
` ` that you look bad , and i should n't want to eat you , or that you 're loaded with vitamins and i should . ''
` ` i ' m beginning to think you have a vitamin deficiency or something .
and i knew she still took the vitamins she had been prescribed .
i advised addison to take vitamins , and i prescribed a gentle sleep aid .
i reach over him , flip the handle of the glove box , and dig around the papers and past the flashlight until i find a bottle of vitamin pills .
on the other hand , since rose hips and pine had loads of vitamin c , she would n't die of scurvy .
` ` plus , vitamin d is great for sick people like myself .
she was throwing up all her blood and they were giving her vitamin k and transfusions to slow it down , but eventually , she was going to die .
* * * tarren receives a salad and vitamin water .
peanut butter , white bread and finally , a bottle of vitamin c tablets .
the only item the store did nt have were the vitamin c tablets and the loaf of whole wheat bread she requested instead of the white bread which she was simply loathe to buy for any reason .
finally , dandelions are a very good source for vitamins a and c. the characteristic that amazed me when i began to learn about the plant , said sam , was that a dandelion can have a three foot tap root .
anyone who has pulled the graveyard for any length of time will tell you that quiet , darkness , sleeplessness and vitamin deficiency become the order of the dayor rather , night .
when the reindeer all got the mange because i was spending our operating budget on legal bills instead of their vitamin supplements , i did what i could to get through it .
come on , how will my body get the vitamins , minerals and energy that it needs to function ?
we humans need a synergistic combination of protein , fats , carbohydrates , vitamins , and minerals ; everything our current diets have .
our bodies will need certain additional foods , minerals and vitamins .
several of the smallest 40 - foot cylinders will be storage facilities for over 5,000 needed items , like salt , 1,000 pounds of freeze - dried cheddar cheese , 40 or so tons of frozen beef and again pork which i plan to take up if we have time , vitamins in liquid form , medical equipment and supplies , seeds , dormant plants , etc . , while one is planned to have 30,000 gallons of water .
the facility is equipped with special solar bulbs which serve to process your vitamin d even more efficiently than that big star they re designed after .
with panels optimized for processing vitamin d. john ignored the comment .
not bad , he told himself , and was shocked to think there probably were nt any oranges within a thousand miles , and certainly no vitamin - enriched , mineral - added , nutritionally balanced crystalline substitutes .
she told him there was a large supply of vacuum - packed vitamin and mineral supplement pills , as well as basic equipment for the troops falconer had expected to employ as a palace guard at the underground headquarters in the appalachians .
packs were checked for a weapon maintenance kit , rations for ten days , vitamin and mineral supplements , first aid equipment , and three complete changes of clothes .
other pcv guys reported this same phenomenon , maybe we were nt getting enough vitamins or something .
its all part of his self - preservation obsession , just like his vitamin injections and the quarantine - style oxygen tents he sleeps in .
but i prefer to steep pine needles since they taste great and are packed with vitamin c. she blinked rapidly .
what is vitamin see ?
the vitamins that are in those fruits are also in these needles , but are more concentrated .
skin was tighter , plump , and far less wrinkly , suggesting during her slumber shed been fully hydrated and pumped with nourishing food and vitamins .
like danny , calvin deciding his throat would benefit from the vitamin c also declined champagne .
you need vitamin c , for example , to avoid scurvy .
looked like cheerios or alpha - bits , but he looks like the kind of dude that would actually enjoy that nasty king vitamin .
does anyone really like king vitamin , or is it just one of those things where you eat it because its healthy ?
maybe you re not getting enough vitamin d. we play golf all the time .
is nt that the sunshine vitamin ?
maybe i should stop taking vitamin b12 supplements given to me as a gift by one foreign bird devotee ?
did the doctor give you some vitamins to take ? ''
and yes , he gave me some sample vitamins .
we do nt get enough of the things we need , like fresh vegetables and vitamins .
supplements , vitamins , miracle drugs ... she was still delving when the guard in the passage shouted a warning .
wash your clothes plus eating oranges for the vitamin c will prevent any type of boil .
some vitamins and medicines can turn your piss into neon rainbow colors .
sap is used in modern medicine from aids to vitamin c pills .
our skin synthesizes vitamin d from sunlight absorbing the calcium .
he ca nt consume any food or water , much less any additional vitamins .
come to think of it , he was sure he d heard they were a good source of vitamin c. maybe you could even eat them , he thought hopefully .
take some vitamins , i told him and the dirty man walked off .
for breakfast , she had muesli , ate vitamin c , drank volumes of codeine cough mixture and was perpetually speeding on caffeine pills .
she was concerned about vitamin d for the baby .
its full of vitamins and caffeine .
during last period , my math teacher , mr . hogan , a balding man in his fifties , blew his nose loudly and said , keep taking your vitamins , everyone .
my mothers daily handful of vitamins and my green - peach tea addiction does nt hurt , either .
this is veronica king with wccl , reminding everyone to keep taking your vitamins and stock up on tissues .
because i was nt getting any kind of vaccination , i did what i could to avoid getting sick by sucking on vitamin c lozenges throughout the day and drinking bottled green tea .
* * * wherein our hero reconsiders trading keys with his girlfriend ( this story takes place six months prior to descendants # 0 ) it had been a very long day and i was suffering from a serious deficiency of vitamin sleep .
full of ' ealthy minerals and vitamins !
food self - reliant : they have enough non - perishable food ( including baby food for their infants ) , vitamins and non - gmo fruit and vegetable seeds for gardening and/or farming set aside to last them at least a year to feed everyone in their family sufficiently well according to their individual health and dietary needs .
the concept of network marketing has evolved from selling plastic food containers to your friends to throwing jewelry parties , sharing life enhancing vitamin testimonials and even online coupon and advertising referrals as a means of opening up the door to long - term prosperity .
i order food online and get it delivered to the house ; i have a fenced yard if i want to get some fresh air or some vitamin d. but a little sunshine is over - rated i think when there are legion of human - esque things wandering around out there with you as the only thing on their menu for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
could nt tell you the last time this fellow had any vitamin d !
it was a busy afternoon and she felt a little self - conscious around the humans who were either scurrying to make their next connections , or strolling leisurely along the bank wall , soaking up a touch of vitamin d. she had her glasses on , and her hoodie pulled up around her face , but that began to make her feel even more like a freak , since everyone else was dressed more summery .
he tells the woman behind the desk to try the juice of a lemon , and zinc as his sister swears by zinc and vitamin c. she promises him that she will , and gives him several envelopes .
now , i suppose you 're going to say , but mister ibis , these people were primitives , they did n't have radio controls and vitamin pills and jet airplanes . ''
with one hand , i opened my purse and pulled out my bottle of vitamins .
rest more , drink plenty of fluids , eat well , take prenatal vitamins , and see your regular practitioner for regular checks . ''
the doctor pronounced me sound , but cautioned , ` ` make sure to take your prenatal vitamins daily and get plenty of rest . ''
to make my doctor happy , i ate a spoonful of peanut butter for protein and took my vitamin .
magrat had tried explaining things to mrs . scorbic the cook , but the woman 's three chins wobbled so menacingly at words like ` ` vitamins '' that she 'd made an excuse to back out of the kitchen .
it was working now , because trymon had spent rather too much time reading ancient manuscripts and not getting enough healthy exercise and vitamins .
16 ignorant : a state of not knowing what a pronoun is , or how to find the square root of 27.4 , and merely knowing childish and useless things like which of the seventy almost identicallooking species of the purple sea snake are the deadly ones , how to treat the poisonous pith of the sagosago tree to make a nourishing gruel , how to foretell the weather by the movements of the tree - climbing burglar crab , how to navigate across a thousand miles of featureless ocean by means of a piece of string and a small clay model of your grandfather , how to get essential vitamins from the liver of the ferocious ice bear , and other such trivial matters .
it contained ... lots of vitamins , valuable protein and essential fats .
after his nourishing meal that contained masses of essential vitamins and minerals and unfortunately quite a lot of taste as well , the man with ' wizzard ' on his hat settled down for some housekeeping , or as much as was possible in the absence of a house .
probably full of nourishing vitamins and minerals .
' i can feel the vitamins and minerals doing me a power of good . '
you like your special oat drink with the vitamins . '
it was the same tone of voice granny used when esk was less than enthusiastic about a plateful of nourishing sallet greens , boiled yellow until the last few vitamins gave in , but to skiller 's hypersensitive ears it was n't an injunction but a prediction .
one may talk at length about their high vitamin content , their vital iron contribution , the valuable roughage and commendable food value .
full of nourishing vitamins and minerals .
normally the only decoration in there was on sham harga 's vest and the food was good solid stuff for a cold morning , all calories and fat and protein and maybe a vitamin crying softly because it was all alone .
god , mothers were right about so much : brush your teeth and floss before bed even when you 're exhausted ; wear a hat when it 's cold even if you think you look like an idiot ; eat your veggies even if they 're boring , because you need the fiber and the vitamins .
you need to take more vitamin b . ''
` ` take your vitamins , '' miyoko admonished , ` ` or you 'll get sick .
i 'd done my best not to think about the cameron sighting , but i noticed my hands were shaking as i took my vitamins .
i should have come home completely broke , what with all of them asking what kind of vitamins i was taking and where i 'd gotten my last facial and all the rest of it .
but the modern theory of nourishmentcall about the vitamins and proteinscis a different thing .
people ate their dinners and felt better long before the theory of vitamins was ever heard of : and if the theory of vitamins is some day abandoned they will go on eating their dinners just the same .
people ate their dinners and felt better long before the theory of vitamins was ever heard of : and if the theory of vitamins is some day abandoned they will go on eating their dinners just the same .
by february , i was usually ready to start consuming entire bottles of vitamin d. i 'd grown up on the beaches of the mediterranean and still missed them .
it would take more than vitamins and protein shakes to bring me back from the kind of energy devastation i 'd been through recently ... it was going to take time , and rest .
` ` let , s say you don , t need any vitamins through that iv . ''
when they were absorbed by the body , they also could keep vitamins from being metabolized properly .
she moves around the kitchen , picking things up and replacing them : an empty vase , whose glass is crusted with a thin film of brown ; a balled - up napkin ; a bottle of vitamins , cap removed .
she imagined she heard amy shouting , worried she 'd forgotten to make her lunch , or give her a bath or her vitamins .
time for a treat , a teeth - cleaning bone that daisy loved along with her glucosamine stick and meat flavoured vitamins .
hell , its navy vitamin juice , good for you .
the shamanic course may have been a blind for research in psychotropic drugs , including such exotica asahuasca ( yage , harmaline ) , ibogaine , yohimbine , telepathine and vitamin k , as well as the more standard psychedelicatessan of the late 70s .
she added her own vitamins and pills and zipped her purse closed .
everything from aspirin to vitamins are sold out almost as soon as they get stocked .
its chock full of anti - oxidants and vitamin c , mark argued .
following the direction of the question elise clapped eyes on a thin , leather clad man with piercings and an anti - tan that was screaming for some vitamin d attention .
in the years of being a housewife , dianne could rotate a load of laundry , flip the omelet , wake her children for school and have her husband 's coffee and vitamin at the table in less than two minutesyes , all of those activities in less than two minutes !
` ` you see , '' he said rubbing his fingers along the hairline of his moustache , ` ` i discovered that the particles that make up its vitamins are light - sensitive .
i lost weight , ate healthy , took my vitamins , but getting pregnant was nearly impossible and the one time i did , i miscarried .
just some vitamins , to keep me going strong .
that was better than a vitamin shot during flu season .
she took antacids , and vitamins and everything else in her medicine cabinet .
they sell health food and vitamins , but also wicca supplies .
we sat in the grass for the longest time just burning up some vitamin d. and there she was .
its laced with vitamins and minerals , all cheap to produce , to stop us getting rickets or scurvy .
she burrowed in her bag and came over with a tin of lemon - flavored vitamin c wafers which she placed on his desk gratefully .
i m going to put some of that fizzy vitamin c in ityou know , the kind that you likeand set it by you .
she took a raspberry vitamin c packet out of a box in the cupboard , then closed the cupboard .
jane went back to the counter , ripped the vitamin c packet open , and tipped it into the glass .
chapter 9 the vitamin c powder fizzed and bubbled as jane poured it into the glass .
she took a sip of the vitamin c water .
the vitamin c water made a purplish puddle , punctuated by small shards of glass scattered in and around it .
jane noticed , for the first time , that her own cheeks were wet from crying , and that her hand was outstretched in front of her , as if she were still holding that glass of vitamin c water .
it 's the sunshine vitamin ! ''
he remembered how , in the bingo tents of his childhood , the man with the microphone would invariably exclaim it 's the sunshine vitamin !
even though the sunshine vitamin was d. the time now gave itself up in what seemed quarter - inches , and clay began losing hope .
he dreamed he was in a bingo tent , and as the caller announced b-12 - it 's the sunshine vitamin !
' have you taken your vitamins ? '
was written across the bottom ) , and the bottles on the table : mouthwash , compazine , percocet , the multi - vitamins that seemed to do absolutely no good , the tall jar of lemon swabs .
there were no more humorous remarks about whether or not they were taking their vitamin e. stanley had also stopped mentioning babies , but sometimes , when he did n't know she was looking , she saw a shadow on his face .
beside his plate of unbuttered wheat toast each morning was a dish of what might have been taken at a casual glance for a multi - colored pre - sweetened children 's cereal , but which a closer look would have revealed to be a whole spectrum of vitamins ( most of which eddie had in his medicine - bag right now ) .
audra 's vitamins .
so when mr keene said , ` ` hello , billy denbrough , can i help you ? , '' bill took a folder advertising vitamins , turned it over , and wrote on the back : eddie kaspbrak and i were playing in the barrens .
also , there would be his vitamins , a bottle of dr swett 's elixir for children ... and , of course , his asthma medicine .
no long , muddled nights spent bar - hopping , followed by long , muddled days spent drinking coffee and orange juice and gobbling vitamin - b tablets ( days when if his glance so much as happened upon his typewriter , he would turn away , shuddering ) .
bea said she supposed it was all the milk they drank , and vitamins , but she did wish andy liked team sports more .
also recommend daily dosage of vitamin b12 ( see attached sheet ) .
` ` vitamin e , '' she said with a glittering , false smile .
i ' m going to put you on a vitamin supplement ; you can pick it up at any drugstore in town - ` ` frannie burst into laughter , and george smiled uncertainly .
they 're vitamin c tablets .
on the bedside table stood an assortment of brown bottles containing vitamins and other pills .
they 're like salesmen telling the public + that cigarettes not only do n't cause lung cancer , they 're full of vitamin c and keep you from having colds . '
a regimen of hipovites c high potency vitamins to those unfamiliar with high - priced doc talk and glandular injections had followed .
you 'll find them at the drugstore in the vitamin section . '
he showered , shaved , gobbled vitamins , and went back to the bedroom to dress .
i remembered seeing something about tribes in the amazon brewing cocoa beans and that the drink gave you energy , was full of minerals and vitamins , as well as antioxidants .
pearl baker - moth was a very intelligent and knowledgeable moth and had studied health and vitamin supplements for many years .
the pill she gave louie was one of the b group vitamins in fact vitamin b quiet !
the pill she gave louie was one of the b group vitamins in fact vitamin b quiet !
pearl went into the larder and brought back a couple of glasses of nectar together with one of her b vitamins for louie this time , vitamin b calm .
pearl went into the larder and brought back a couple of glasses of nectar together with one of her b vitamins for louie this time , vitamin b calm .
pearl baker - moth had told louie that rose hips were very high in vitamin c ; louie naturally thought that this would be good for a tired bee , as indeed he was .
bottle upon bottle of buttercup cough mixture , honey and lemon tea ( which i hatedreese always made it too sweet ) , avoiding chocolate or milk or anything that could ruin my precious voice ; remembering to close all the windows at night and the ridiculous amount of vitamins and supplements i had to take to prevent my newly weakened throat from becoming infected .
i sat in the back of the luxurious quadruple turbo - charged bentley , frantically attempting to feed reese strawberries , orange juice , anything i could think of with vitamins in that might hold back the blackness closing in at the edges of his vision .
finally losing its balance , the bright orange orb crashed into the ocean , plip ... dissolving like a vitamin c tablet .
gerontson c. i wonder if they sell vitamin pills . ''
once a vitamin tablet was fizzing in a glass of water with two nurofen beside it , rob sliced open a brick of coffee that hissed and spewed grains over the counter .
you be sure to stop in soon for a bowl of stew and some vitamin g , right ? ''
you will apologise at once , whatever will these gentlemen think of you , she looked at winterhaiming , she s not really like this , its the vitamins our doctors been giving her , they ve unhinged her mind .
the majority , including the sterols , bile acids , many hormones , and the d vitamins , have important physiological action steroid had klinefelter syndrome .
` ` special like a cereal with lots of vitamins and minerals or- '' ` ` no , kat .
i ve also got some vitamin e cream that might help .
that is a vitamin performance drink .
he was to pretend to take a box of wheat flakes from the pantry and pour some into a bowl , at the same time looking at the camera saying , a bowl of wheat flakes lasts me all morning it gives me protein for muscle - building , energy to burn , and vitamins and minerals for good health .
we were assured he was ok and that it was just some harmless vitamin k that all babies are given .
... a nightly parade of vegetables joining with one another , tributary by tributary as they make their way to the local treatment plant , robust in their vitamin supremacy , congratulating themselves at having achieved this fate instead of the alternative which , by the way , would get them to the same place only about 12 hours later .
promise to substitute vitamin pills for vegetables in return for good grades .
` ` bottled , preferably , '' i shouted after him , then thought , that could be as fast as opening a cupboard and he 'd be back , asking if it was safe to proceed ; so i added , ` ` with crushed ice and some vitamin c dissolved in it .
john got a small spoon and dug in - they were just right : not too mushy , not too hard , not too sweet , not too anything and loaded with vitamin something , if he remembered his girlfriends explanations correctly .
red - faced , eyes bulging and jam - packed up to the ears with health , energy , vitamins , riboflavin , anti - oxidants and whatever other health - packed bio things that the food contained , he was now frenetically swallowing the tupperware of cold soup , fired up like a buddha on crack .
he began to speak slowly and surely , like a funeral director in need of vitamin b .
henry was supposed to have one millilitre of vitamin b complex every 12 hours in order to give him more zest for life .
i was n't convinced that henry , who loved to play , needed vitamin b .
so much for the universal popularity of vitamin b complex .
jazey joskin is addicted to vitamin a , a condition which developed during a holiday outing to llanstinan in dyfed , south wales , where he was attacked by a flock of guillemots .
on his return to the mainland , and his visit to the infirmary at st david 's for the stitching of his left ear , which had been badly shredded in the assault , it was discovered that he had developed alongside his vitamin a dependency , excessively droopy jowls .
its a way to fortify our finances with vitamins , if i can pull it off .
` ` mangoes for vitamin c and various trace metals to keep my tendons supple and responsive should there be a sudden need for law enforcement immediate action .
i tried to kill myself , but nothing happened even after eating a whole bottle of flintstones vitamins .
its a special blend of growth hormones , vitamins , chemicals , and god knows whatever stuff they cooked up , but the great thing is it ll never show up in any tests .
i think it has to do with this vitamin supplement coach howzer gave us .
this is a vitamin supplement for the people who attend the game today .
thus , their wisdom and knowledge , fortified by countless millennia and seventeen essential vitamins and minerals , was vast .
this is such a delicious fruit , and clearly loaded with knowledge , in addition to essential vitamins and nutrients she thought and rushed back to her husband with the knowledge of knowledge .
` ` vitamin c tablets and throat lozenges . ''
the cook explained to her about vitamins and nutrition .
but jenny , my favorite , gives her aspirin , or multi vitamins .
but i dutifully dispense the pills wrapped in cheese , vitamins hidden in peanut butter , canned food smelling of spam .
our medicines and vitamins prolonged her life unnaturally .
we take vitamins .
just like you two need to take your vitamins to be strong now .
she got the childrens vitamins and filled two glasses of orange juice .
at home she had to see he took his medicine and vitamins several times a day .
he started taking his vitamins .
alex threw the collected vitamins in his mouth and washed them down with orange juice .
she enjoyed all the vitamin d her skin was receiving and her natural glow slowly returned .
full of vitamins and raw protein .
then the only thing i know to speed his recovery is large doses of vitamins .
vitamin b1 , vitamin e , and c. vitamins and fresh air .
vitamin b1 , vitamin e , and c. vitamins and fresh air .
we have some vitamins downstairs in the kitchen .
well need liquid vitamins and well need syringes .
karen pushed the c vitamin into his body .
: after a while , the burning subsided , and the coolness of its aftermath spread throughout as the warm cave , stirred open by the vitamins if only for an instant , closed again around him and swallowed him whole .
it hurt her to inflict such pain on him , but he needed the vitamins and he needed them fast .
the vitamin c made him cry .
we can only wait , and give him more vitamins .
they woke him up again at five for food and another round of vitamin injections .
it was working , the vitamins and the sounder sleep were working , she thought .
karen knew by now that the vitamins and brads own buoyancy combined for a far faster recovery than she ever would have hoped .
must be all the vitamin c in his system , karen thought : they may have to cut back a little , his stomach must be in an uproar .
then , as an afterthought , what about leonards vitamins ?
with the help of a lot of vitamins .
she pumped him full of vitamins .
my bloods flowing a little faster , a little thinner ( or thicker ) , a little closer to the surface , as if i ve taken niacin , flushing and burning , but not with vitamin b : with season , come to visit once again .
thought briefly of frying himself a steak , something succulent , then settled for grilled cheese and lots of vitamins .
its called being informed , must have folic acid , but not too much vitamin a , can cause birth defects .
even the larger pharmaceutical companies are seeing some sort of writing on some sort of wall and have begun to shift their research and production capacities toward vitamins and other food supplements : the customer is , after all , kind and queen in this game of supply and demand , and the world is responding accordingly .
medicine as we entered the 20th century , dutch physician christiaan eijkman showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary deficiency of certain substances we now call vitamins , a very healthy discovery that has also spawned its own industry .
the kitchen is surprisingly bare save from julias massive supply of vitamins and herbs lined up on the counter and the ginger ale and 7 - up in the refrigerator .
he found shelton standing next to the dining table holding one of the vitamin bottles his mom had dropped the night before .
but these vitamins , david held up the bottle , are for pregnant women .
he stood beside the dining room table , the vitamin jar in his hand , watching dust motes drift on a sunbeam streaming between the curtains .
david was leaning back in his chair , his finger deep in his mouth scooping peanut butter from behind his teeth , feeling pretty goodwhat was it i was so mad about ? when his gaze fell upon the jar of vitamins .
in a glass , i put a spoon of malt extract ( for the b vitamins ) and dissolve it in a little boiling water ; squeeze half a lemon or a whole one , top with water and a dash of cayenne pepper .
i had skullcap for two months with rosehips ( which have 300x the vitamin c of oranges ) when i was having fits and thought i was developing ms .
rosehip oil adds vitamin c to the area , restoring collagen and reminding the skin to repair itself .
our toiletries sit next to each other on the sinks edge : his razor and contact solution , my vitamins , hairspray and makeup bag .
they looked and smelled and went down like vitamins .
she s needed a little vitamin a .
you have to promise me that you ll take your vitamin supplements and you ll make an effort to eat regularly .
thinks the men underground suffer from a lack of vitamin d. apparently it softens the bones .
says they are full of protein and vitamins .
however , these littoral stalwarts not only sustained themselves but they provided so much for the life of the islanders : sennet for binding building materials , vitamin - rich coconut milk and flesh , drinking vessels and moreover , that unique tonsured fringe around the islands which was the icon of the tourist industry .
when lacking , she craved it like a nutritional deficiency , her body craving it like a sailor longing for the vitamin c of citrus , a desert traveler yearning for salt .
chapter seventeen the next morning 's breakfast in bed came with the addition of a half of grapefruit , presumably in an attempt to get more vitamin c inside theo .
his doctor could nt find a reason for it , and gave him vitamin supplements .
like vitamins and exercise .
they took their vitamins .
she added supplements to the milk : aloe juice , calcium , fiber , vitamin c , protein , flax fiber , omega oils , probiotics and his prescription medication .
i started taking vitamins .
does she take her vitamins and eat properly ?
jeez , jane , you scared the vitamin c right out of me .
i m sure its something simple to fix with the right combination of vitamins and minerals .
one of the few species which like man , depends on a dietary source of vitamin c , and we have been looking into interrelations between vitamins and the thyroid gland .
one of the few species which like man , depends on a dietary source of vitamin c , and we have been looking into interrelations between vitamins and the thyroid gland .
it 's hard to convict somebody of cruelty to cells growing in culture medium ( even if you do starve them of vitamins and so forth ) so , janet has escaped all that .
` ` speaking of diets , let me have your opinion of the vitamin content of some of these , '' he continued , leading the dean into the dining room .
i m not an advocate of feeding her vitamins when the food she s receiving is top - notch .
the vet was giving her a blood transfusion , as well as vitamin k to help with clotting .
i took a vitamin , choked down some veggies , and drank thirty - two ounces of fluid , albeit mostly sweetened and caffeinated .
you re going to throw off my vitamin c intake .
actually , it was four words , but maybe you need a vitamin .
* * * sarah finally emerges from hi - health with her bag of new sweaters , another bag of new shoes , and now a bag of vitamins and supplements as well .
well , one major gay magazine , called the advocate , ran a series of ads promoting poppers as , quote , a blueprint for health , unquote , which gave the impression that poppers like vitamins , fresh air , exercise and sunshine were an essential ingredient in a healthy lifestyle for gay men .
dr . linus pauling , who had argued that vitamin c might prevent cancer .
it had been a battle to try to get him to take vitamins when he was younger , and finally the family had given up .
if i ever felt like i was getting a cold , i d take some vitamin c and i d be fine .
sunny popped a handful of vitamins in her mouth and washed it down with a huge glass of orange juice .
so following each session he busted out the blender , nonfat milk , vitamins , some bananas and various protein powders .
fresh young blood spiked with some vitamin supplements , a hit of laudanum and just a taste of ecstasy .
barneys lawyer argued ' cruel and unusual punishment ' as the sentence did n't include a full supply of vitamin pills to last the distance .
i had my traditional chocolate protein shake with my wealth of orange chewy vitamins .
milk has vitamins , not proteins .
do you take any sort of special vitamins ?
the strength dosage of a 25 mg prescription medication is a low dose , where a clinical patient treats the drug like a daily vitamin for the rest of their life to control their medical symptoms .
need some vitamin d. i m as pale as a vamp .
all that vitamin c is getting to me .
it is a terrible thing to haul a canoe , two fishing rods , paddles , lifejackets , one tackle box , binoculars , insect repellent , sunscreen , a canteen of water , a vitamin c jar full of scotch , dry socks , a first - aid kit , a spare hat , paper towels , toilet paper , matches , a portable cookstove , a good paperback , maps , a filleting knife , two lengths of rope , a pot for boiling water , a frypan , some oil for frying fish , various snacks , a couple of frozen steaks , plastic bags , sleeping bags , dried rice , one tent , inflatable mattresses , spoons , teabags , three cans of beans , headache pills , plates , an inflatable pillow , raincoat , sweater , soup mix , cups , bowls , whistles , forks , small fishing net , duct tape , camera , can opener , bailing bucket , and overpriced yuppie folding saw over a set of really snarky portages for a weekends fishing and then to realize you re going to be crabby and miserable because you did nt get any sleep .
you still have nightmares about riding route 80 in the driving rain on a harley , strung out on reds and megadoses of vitamin c. do nt be ridiculous , he said , and sat back , satisfied .
he was n't going to need a vitamin supplement anymore .
see , i find out about your health and eating habits and stuff and then i prescribe vitamins .
i m trying vitamin c. i considered this therapy gravely , then : do you have a business card ?
yeh , well i got ta see pepe - i mean about his vitamins .
where are your vitamins ?
i 'd dropped angel off at home , promising to take her prescription for maternity vitamins to the pharmacy on my way home from work .
` ` and vitamin e , '' i said , smiling in spite of myself .
they 're fortified with vitamins ! ''
` ` yeah , vitamins and like thirty grams of fat , '' she says .
emory had some things to pick up at the kmart , so he took the girls with him in there , and they got some vitamins and other junk ... that brings us up to around eight - fifty , nine o'clock , somewhere in there . ''
the kitchen cupboard contained four half - empty jars of vitamins , tea bags , coffee for an ordinary coffeemaker , two loaves of bread , and a packet of crispbreads .
he opened a bottle and took a vitamin .
despite his non - capitalist ways , her father had made a small fortune in vitamins during the early seventies .
he has to be on vitamins to replace the nutrients lost by alcohol and eat a particular diet to get rid of the toxins .
do you know where the prenatal vitamins are ? ''
i took my prenatal vitamins , i walked and did my stretches , and i drank so much water i was making bathroom visits every half hour .
she was one of those people who never bought anything that is n't 100 - percent organic , supplementing a vegetarian diet with a plethora of vitamins and shakes .
she shuddered before stopping in front of the vitamins .
if we were n't in a public place ... ` ` excuse me , holly- do you know where the prenatal vitamins are ? ''
` ` vitamin .
i needed my vitamin c and energy to survive one of the all - time worst breakfasts in history .
plus , you ' ve got that general look about you that says your head 's going to explode if you do n't get a little vitamin j in you soon . ''
madeline ate only vegetarian foods , wore organic clothing , grew an herbal garden to rival vitamin world , and held retreats at her lake bungalow for women searching for their inner goddess .
once the rest of the appointment was done and we picked up my prenatal vitamins , the three of us headed for a pedicure before going home and waiting for robert to come back from work .
i opened my mouth and i swear it 's like he read my mind , ` ` eating and taking your vitamins is n't enough .
` ` well , it 's just ... well that 's more of grab - n - go vitamin c boost , really .
then i follow andrew over to the area by the pharmacy where all of the vitamins and cold medicines and toothpaste and stuff are .
` ` appointments , paperwork , vitamins , baby books , charts , schedules - she had it all . ''
reagan coos at her dog , talking softly to her about how she is going to get some vitamins and then they would go home .
` ` i thought we were just going to get some vitamins . ''
` ` we supplement milk with all sorts of proteins and vitamins , but she 's still not gaining weight the way we need her to . ''
we spent hours in the warehouse store , looking at everything , from sofas , to vitamins , to books , to camping gear .
` ` tammy crushed some vitamins into a cup of water .
she 'd always believed that it was the vitamin of make - up , the most essential one , and one should never leave the house without it .
` ` they have her on a b vitamin iv drip , and she 's already cursing the nurses . ''
they gave deirdre b vitamins , and once they 'd determined that she had n't done any damage to her brain she could n't afford , they left me in the room with her .
nothing like a mainline of b vitamins to bring a woman to the peak of health .
nothing a few b vitamins could n't fix , but honestly , i think she has a real problem .
hardly ready for gerry to show up in a three - piece suit looking as though he 'd just woken up , showered , shaved , and taken his vitamins .
maybe buy some vitamins and ask him to take those too .
he moved to the cupboard where he kept his vitamins and painkillers .
one held the other bits and pieces , the stacks of paper plates and bowls , his camp cutlery , bottle of vitamins , toothpaste , toothbrush , the packs of batteries chace bought him to go with his flashlight .
i 'd never gone this long without food , and the lack of sugars and vitamins faded the edges of my vision .
` ` you need to start taking prenatal vitamins and see an ob doc . ''
i swallow a mouthful of vitamins i know i ' m supposed to be taking , and i update my resume .
i turned on my heels , deciding i would get my vitamin d some other time .
she threw back the rest of her orange juice like there was something else in the glass besides vitamin c. something to give her strength .
on wednesday , she confirmed her pregnancy with an ob - gyn , started a regimen of vitamins , and adjusted her diet .
are you taking the vitamins that were prescribed to you every day ?
all she need is a rest dr . west gave them a medicine and vitamins to help annie feel good in a short period of time .
she fed him food high in antioxidants , lots of fruit and vegetables , she gave him vitamins e and c to improve his fertility and zinc and folic acid to increase his sperm count , she read that selenium improved the swimming of the sperm and made him take that as well .
you need the vitamin c. after squeezing each others hands one final time , they eased apart and returned to their pallets .
she was tiny by nature , not just because we only ate every three days and probably had scurvy since we were lacking serious vitamin c. she barely cleared 5'3 , and her feet were average size enough that she could double up on socks and fit almost any pair we found .
take some vitamins or something .
i got some vitamins and an order to sleep and relax as much as possible .
i looked like i spent the day at a spa and downed a bunch of vitamins .
and his skin was so pale , he seemed even more in need a healthy dose of sunshine and vitamin d than i did .
we are immediately beseeched with offers of food , sun vitamins , new and used hydration patches , and , of course , sexual favors .
the army never provided enough and , while i trained in the old city , rations consisted of dried protein jerky , a fat bar , vitamins , and leaf water .
simon opened the pack he carried , took a handful of aspirins and vitamin tablets out , and handed them over .
satigi opened a pharmacy , handing out white - coated pills , vitamins , plasters , and malaria tablets .
nourishment is taken in tablet form , three times a day , with vitamin content and nutrients measured for age , body height and weight and muscle mass .
holly took some prenatal vitamins , careful to check for my mother before she did so .
yes , i say slowly , and vitamins , of course .
this causes blindness in patients with your disease , because your eyes ca nt produce a specific protein which allows you to use retinal , a form of vitamin a , to allow your photoreceptors to convert light into energy .
the first one produced was with rose hips which provided high levels of vitamin c to promote healing .
i think they were shopping for alice , but from what she told me laura was looking at , you better start your vitamins now .
book 5 element part one by bestselling author cm doporto college freshman , natalie vega , offers to be a test patient for several vitamins and supplements created by kronberg laboratories , a large pharmaceutical company where she interns .
birds flitted overhead , and lizards sunned themselves on big granite rocks , absorbing the heat and all that vitamin d. max absolutely loved it and could nt stop smelling every little thing as we strolled by .
they must be giving him vitamin injections or something . ''
two slices of fresh salmon and one pack of vitamin and fiber - enriched sliced white from the px at the facility .
` ` mom said it was full of vitamins , '' said ricky .
joan had apparently added crushed vitamins and powdered protein to the stir fry .
i saw the plastic jar of powdered protein open and noticed a few crushed vitamins since joan forgot to clean up after herself .
shampoos , toothpaste , and vitamins .
i know you re off and when i talked to julian , he spoke of your need for pre - natal vitamins and the importance of regular check - ups , so i gave him a call .
he hands me some prenatal vitamins noting that jonathan did nt want people knowing anything and then we leave .
` ` it 's okay , just a little more vitamin enriched . ''
i m going to give you a prescription for prenatal vitamins as well .
while i was out i went into the pharmacy to pick - up my prenatal vitamins .
i did nt think anything of it until the young girl put my vitamins in a bag and i turned around to face myra .
imagine my surprise seeing you here , picking up prenatal vitamins .
we had vitamin water to help keep us hydrated , because without it i was pretty sure we d be nothing more than puddles on the ground .
there were fifty strokes with the ionic hairbrush , a vitamin c peel - off facial mask , vitamin e and cucumber concentrate eye cream , twenty minutes of a press - on tooth whitening strip and facial exercises with some type of spring - loaded contraption that fit in her mouth .
there were fifty strokes with the ionic hairbrush , a vitamin c peel - off facial mask , vitamin e and cucumber concentrate eye cream , twenty minutes of a press - on tooth whitening strip and facial exercises with some type of spring - loaded contraption that fit in her mouth .
no , your granny found the prescription for anxiety that i picked up for your daddy and she thought they were vitamins .
granny and taffy are the only ones into the vitamins so far !
the vitamins are all gone , mamma told her .
you re supposed to take a vitamin every day , she said matter - of - factly .
she got into your prescription bottle , thinking they were vitamins .
you can help to keep your grandmother out of the damn vitamins , for crying out loud .
calcium supplements , moisturizer , an herbal menopause tonic , vitamin e cream , lip balm , hair dye , leg compression stockings .
and make sure you buy those vitamins and herbs on the list .
they gave him a type of seaweed , not unlike carrageen , but it tasted different and told him it was rich in vitamins and minerals essential to repairing damaged bones .
i must have had a bad reaction between the new vitamins , cold medicine and my nerves working over - time trying to mingle in such tight spaces .
vitamin deficiency in children from inner city areas .
` ` did you get that vitamin water i asked for ? ''
` ` i ' m going to prescribe prenatal vitamins and have you start watching your diet .
we 're meant to be awake with the sun , soaking up vitamin d , and sleeping at night , in the dark .
it should be a post - it : ` ` take your vitamins .
sorry i stopped taking the expensive vitamins , they made me throw up . ''
tried to convince her to try all sorts of alternative therapies that he had read about on the internet , from vitamin c to certain yoga positions to chelation - and while the doctors said none of it could hurt , none of it helped .
had tried to convince her to try all sorts of alternative therapies that he had read about on the internet , from vitamin c to certain yoga positions to chelation - and while the doctors said none for it could hurt , none of it helped .
all the prenatal vitamins and pregnancy yoga and morning sickness remedies helped her to get here , but josie was harping on the one , pesky little detail she could n't deny her way out of for much longer .
no need for food , but a glass of water and her prenatal vitamin would do for an excuse to move .
' damn well would be if i did n't take my vitamins . '
i ' m drawn to the vitamins , remembering reading about deficiency when i was doing my research on the internet about alcoholics .
i buy the vitamins , anyway .
' and what are you doing taking vitamins ? '
i grab the vitamins from my bag and throw them at his head .
' i bought the vitamins for you . '
it contained all kinds of vitamins and minerals .
it 's a good idea to start taking pre - natal vitamins and oftentimes baby aspirin helps , too .
` ` do you take some kind of special vitamin ? ''
drew announced , ` ` everyone drink a quart of gatorade , a slug of pepto , three aspirin , some b vitamins , and two vivarin . ''
she was doing her best to prepare for her baby , trying to eat properly and taking prenatal vitamins .
` ` what about vitamins ? ''
a cold compress plus a liberal application of vitamin e took away the sting .
he showed poor nutrition for a man his age , and was suffering from several vitamin deficiencies .
he wanted to talk to her , explain how important it was that she look after herself by eating right , taking appropriate prenatal vitamins , seeing her doctor regularly .
` ` i want to be sure she has vitamins , good food - stuff like that .
she 'd always eaten properly , exercised regularly and taken all the recommended vitamins .
` ` i ' m going to write a script for some vitamins , and i want you to start taking them .
tina came in and drew several vials of blood before handing her a prescription along with some samples of prenatal vitamins that she wanted lily to start on right away .
he did a test there in the office , then gave me a bunch of vitamins to take and scheduled another appointment in a month .
` ` so , do you want me to pick up some prenatal vitamins , just in case ?
` ` the first thing we need to do is make an appointment with an obstetrician and get you on prenatal vitamins .
do n't forget to take your vitamins , ace . ''
did you take your vitamins ? ''
i still was n't sure exactly what was in the bottle , but i suspected it was vitamins and liquor of some sort .
` ` maybe you should cut back on those vitamins , ace . ''
she had yet to swallow the vitamin and calcium pills that mrs . collias had placed by her plate .
` ` of course not , '' lisette said , smiling as she popped a vitamin in her mouth and followed it with half a glass of orange juice .
it 's a vitamin .
at my age , you ca n't forget vitamins . ''
the bag also contained several bottles of vitamins and a large selection of packaged treats , as well as gourmet chocolates and an entire box of a variety of tea bags .
and now he issued orders that made her spine stiffen moments after he did a kindness for her by bringing her the book , the vitamins , and the goodies .
` ` and take your vitamins , '' armand said sharply .
` ` you do your baby no good by not eating properly and not taking your vitamins . ''
like vitamins and chocolate .
` ` you dole out information like vitamins . ''
` ` you need hot soup and extra vitamin c and- '' he placed his hand on her arm .
` ` you need to get laid or take vitamins or something . ''
i place two of the items i ' ve bought - vitamins and ibuprofen - on the counter .
i want to take whatever vitamins you 're on .
i also flash ultraviolet light at night to increase vitamin d in some of the plants .
she was arranging the flowers in her favorite vase , thinking about dicing some vitamin - rich food for the lactating mother , when a knock sounded on the door .
i had a vitamin consultant , a massage therapist , an aesthetician , a personal trainer , a dietitian , an herbal consultant , a f**king grooming companion , whatever that was , and gunnar - my personal assistant .
the eyes were two golden caplets , vitamin e i assumed , and the rest appeared to be vitamins , too , leaving me to wonder about all those prescription bottles i saw in his room .
the eyes were two golden caplets , vitamin e i assumed , and the rest appeared to be vitamins , too , leaving me to wonder about all those prescription bottles i saw in his room .
` ` yes , well , vitamins and a green smoothie hardly count as a proper breakfast where i come from . ''
she freaked if he overlooked taking his vitamins .
protein , carbohydrates and vitamin c. what more could we ask for ? ''
i ' ve just been tired lately ... not getting enough vitamins , i suppose .
i 'll quit smoking and give up junk food , and take vitamins .
` ` continue with the vitamins and make an appointment to see me in a couple of weeks . ''
` ` take your vitamins and see me in two weeks . ''
he ran a series of tests and prescribed iron tablets and vitamins because she was anemic .
two hours later we were back at bethy 's apartment and i had prenatal vitamins and several pamphlets about having a healthy pregnancy .
` ` keep taking those prenatal vitamins and come back to see me in four weeks . ''
she took over - the - counter vitamins , drank her milk and exercised so she 'd remain on alert .
and give her some vitamins .
she should be taking vitamins . ''
` ` i 'll get her vitamins .
take a b - complex vitamin .
we were past the growing season , but i 'd had a fine crop and had put up several dozen bottles of the boiled pulp and syrup , as mrs . bug liked it for pies , and it provided some vitamin c for the winter months .
` ` you ought to eat the skins , ian ; they have vitamins . ''
` ` vitamins , '' he said suddenly , looking up .
` ` vitamins , '' she said , and rubbed a hand between her brows .
ye canna see the vitamins , but you and auntie claire ken weel that they 're there , and uncle jamie and i must take it on faith that ye 're right about it .
` ` i ' m a roman catholic and i believe in vitamins , '' she declared stoutly .
it 's vitamin c that prevents scurvy , and apples are full of it . ''
even green herbs and meadow grass have vitamin c. '' ` ` mmphm .
he 'd looked it up , during his weeks of waiting ; a normal adult male in good health should be able to endure from three to six months of prolonged vitamin deficiency before suffering any real symptoms .
i wanted cabbages , though , to preserve as sauerkraut ; come midwinter , we would want food with some taste to it , as well as some vitamin c. i had enough seed left , and could raise a couple of decent crops before the weather turned cold , if i could keep the bloody rabbits off .
i could not persuade most of the new immigrants either to eat fresh greens or to feed them to their families , but now and then i found opportunity to introduce a bit of vitamin c surreptitiously into their usual diet - which consisted for the most part of oatmeal and venison .
my concern now was the lesser but still important threat of vitamin deficiency .
it 's got fiber and loads of vitamin a , and is great for the digestive system .
i hand her a little vitamin b and c complex chewing tablet .
i wash my mouth and search for my vitamins in the stuff i 'd left in this room 's bath in case i 'd rather not share a bathroom with remington , which seems like a great plan now that i might be spending all night puking .
i grab a red - colored b complex and vitamin c mix and pop one in , and i figure i should start hydrating myself , but i feel lazy to go get some water , so instead i flush the toilet a third time , close the top , and lean my forehead on it in case i get nauseous again .
` ` what kind of vitamins does cross take ? ''
i went to the cupboard where we kept our vitamins and over - the - counter medicines and took out two nighttime painkillers .
` ` are you taking vitamins ? ''
dr . easterwood gave her enough vitamins to put a corpse well on the road to good health , then did an odd thing .
take your vitamins , and every two hours , i want you to take a thirty - minute break , with your feet up .
sarah did all the exercises dr . easterwood recommended to strengthen her back and abdominal muscles , and took her vitamins faithfully .
as rachel rose from the chair , the nurse bustled in with an appointment card and a prescription for prenatal vitamins .
he feels safe , nourishing , and hearty , as though i ' ve hungered for cruise my entire life and now i had the vitamins , the essential minerals i needed to survive .
it 's practically a necessary vitamin to kick - start the day .
she wondered if molly needed extra vitamins , which reminded her again that she was falling behind in her own resolution to lead a healthier life .
should she have taken more vitamins ?
i glance up and spot a safe - looking target across the room : a guy who looks like he was raised on whole milk and flintstone 's vitamins .
he put her on a vitamin regimen and i ' m feeding her three good meals a day with snacks in between . ''
she 'd been running since her feet hit the floor at five this morning , and she 'd barely had time to eat a granola bar for breakfast and swallow her prenatal vitamins .
` ` i never would have agreed to carry this child for beth if i did , and i do n't take any drugs except for the prenatal vitamins . ''
` ` are you going to show up each morning to make sure i take the iron tablets along with my prenatal vitamins , too ? ''
` ` maybe they 're not getting all their vitamins and minerals from the kitten chow , '' she said .
` ` i need to give you your prescription for prenatal vitamins .
we began to take vitamins , and neither of us had much of an appetite .
some vitamin d therapy might improve my attitude , too .
` ` i 'll write you up a prescription for some prenatal vitamins , '' dr . glamazon says , scribbling on a prescription pad .
` ` oh , and make sure jake does n't smoke near you now that you 're pregnant , '' mama starts in , ` ` and you 'll need to start taking prenatal vitamins .
he left little notes for her , sometimes asking her to dinner , sometimes asking after her health , he had recently stuck a post - it on the fridge reminding her to buy new prenatal vitamins because he 'd noticed that she was running out !
when she 'd forgotten to buy the vitamins despite his reminder , she 'd found a new bottle on the kitchen table and a post - it , with a half - dozen exclamation marks drawn on it , stuck to the lid .
they still shared the bathroom that connected the two bedrooms which was how he had known that her vitamins were running low but theresa took great care to shower after he left in the morning or before he returned in the evenings .
` ` and you will remember to take your vitamins ? ''
sandro had made good on his promise and had enlisted both lisa and phumsile 's aid in ensuring that she took her vitamins and rested enough ... but that was the only promise he kept .
she did n't take anything more than a couple of vitamins a day , but his brother did n't have to know that .
on the way home , they stopped at the grocery store for more prenatal vitamins , and then sat down on a bench out front .
siana and jenni helped , plastering me with cold packs , vitamin k cream , cucumber slices , and tea bags soaked in ice water .
other than the vitamin k cream , everything else seemed to be just a variation on an ice pack , but doing it made them feel better and being coddled and fussed over made me feel better .
after finishing up with a few more questions , and offering suggestions on vitamin supplements , dr . andrews turned to me .
the vitamins are finally helping .
after not sleeping well since luc 's departure and the baby sapping all her vitamins , she needed a good eight hours ' sleep .
` ` i - i need my vitamins , a toothbrush- '' he leveled a stare at her across the cozy truck 's cab .
as she walked out of the office with a prescription for prenatal vitamins instead of birth control , samantha never felt so alone in her life .
she knows my boss is an a**hole about me standing around and talking while i ' m working , so she pretends to look at vitamins while she 's talking to me .
boo and i have been coming outside for our daily vitamin d for weeks now .
she said it helps with training because vitamin d helps you absorb calcium , which the body needs for a number of reasons .
she also informed me that ten percent of people in the us are vitamin d deficient , and that a huge portion of those are women , which means that a lot of those women are also calcium deficient .
so here i am , getting my ass some vitamin d. the hot afternoon sun blisters down to a mellow warmth as sunset approaches and i ask , ` ` have you ever been drunk before , boo ? ''
books tell me that pine needles have vitamin c , so i break off branches and drag them home on my sled .
` ` tanning booths and vitamin d supplements cover that . ''
i packed my vitamins and am taking care of myself . ''