jerking his chin at the horses milling around like wallflowers at a high school reunion , he continued , ` ` i ' ve seen my share of horse breeders who could n't care less about the animals in their charge .
not a wallflower , just balls to the wall . ''
she decided to practice her wallflower impression when she heard a familiar shriek behind her .
it makes wallflowers into butterflies .
` ` wallflowers . ''
` ` surely , '' he answered , though he was n't sure what a wallflower and cinderella had in common .
` ` you see ... when a woman of such a porcelain complexion stands too near , it is believed that plant can secrete certain toxins which , when in close contact with such delicate sensibilities , can transform one into- '' ` ` a wallflower ? ''
` ` saving wallflowers everywhere ? ''
` ` one headlight '' - the wallflowers ` ` you oughta know '' - alanis morissette ` ` all star '' - smash mouth ` ` how you remind me '' - nickelback ` ` get the party started '' - pink ` ` just a ride '' - jem ` ` seven nation army '' - the white stripes ` ` dani california '' - red hot chili peppers ` ` paralyzer '' - finger eleven ` ` kryptonite '' - 3 doors down ` ` only wan na be with you '' - hootie and the blowfish ` ` hold my hand '' - hootie and the blowfish 3_epigraph.end 3.start if i wanted to understand our intermittently explosive pyromaniac , i needed to understand what was common between him , myself , john and abby .
when she sat for a long time in one place , it gradually blended into the background , the ultimate wallflower 's petals .
on the stoops , wallflowers watch .
edgar happily leads a huddle of new females to the karate center as the female eagerly park like a wallflower line - up along the white rectangular line while he advances solo and slowly to center stage .
people will call us wallflowers .
he d swapped the chilli peppers branding for the wallflowers .
the wallflower blooms by elizabeth lorraine text copyright 2014 by elizabeth loraine .
this wallflower had truly blossomed .
at the sand bar , a dead - eyed tansy freneau has just pulled the plug on the jukebox , killing the wallflowers .
the latter waited like wallflowers at a dance , all but three bearing for sale signs faded to gray and nantucket red .
germany was my kind of country ; best friend to wallflowers around the world .
other books by rachel van dyken the bet series the bet ( forever romance ) the wager ( forever romance ) the dare eagle elite elite ( forever romance ) elect ( forever romance ) entice elicit bang bang enforce ( december 2014 ) seaside series tear pull shatter forever fall strung wallflower trilogy waltzing with the wallflower beguiling bridget taming wilde london fairy tales upon a midnight dream whispered music the wolf 's pursuit when ash falls ( november 2014 ) renwick house the ugly duckling debutante the seduction of sebastian st . james the redemption of lord rawlings an unlikely alliance the devil duke takes a bride ruin series ruin toxic fearless shame ( october 6 , 2014 ) other titles the parting gift compromising kessen savage winter divine uprising every girl does it coming soon capture ( seaside pictures 1 ) eternal ( the seaside series ) the consequence of loving colton the consequence of revenge ember feral spring alexander king the challenge rip forever hearts copyright 2014 mia rodriguez smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
other books by rachel van dyken the bet series the bet ( forever romance ) the wager ( forever romance ) the dare eagle elite elite ( forever romance ) elect ( forever romance ) entice elicit bang bang enforce ( december 2014 ) seaside series tear pull shatter forever fall strung wallflower trilogy waltzing with the wallflower beguiling bridget taming wilde london fairy tales upon a midnight dream whispered music the wolf 's pursuit when ash falls ( november 2014 ) renwick house the ugly duckling debutante the seduction of sebastian st . james the redemption of lord rawlings an unlikely alliance the devil duke takes a bride ruin series ruin toxic fearless shame ( october 6 , 2014 ) other titles the parting gift compromising kessen savage winter divine uprising every girl does it coming soon capture ( seaside pictures 1 ) eternal ( the seaside series ) the consequence of loving colton the consequence of revenge ember feral spring alexander king the challenge rip forever hearts copyright 2014 mia rodriguez smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook .
there were more kisses in the kitchen by halves of differing wholes , more feel - ups per square inch , more wallflowers jerked rudely out of the woodwork , more normally sober folk who would wake up on new year 's day with groaning hangovers and horridly clear memories of prancing around with lampshades on their heads or of finally deciding to tell the boss a few home truths .
sitting is for wallflowers , scott said .
intaglio owns hadrian wallflowers & hardware , ( little west 24th st . & 15th ave . ) , a virtual vatican for those needing hard - to - find handcuffs , leather cord , harnesses , chain - mail , and unusual geraniums .
presumably a wallflower is n't as dramatic or showy as a standard flower ( theo assumed the proximity to the wall meant they would get less sun ) .
the wallflower was the underdog flower therefore , the one that did n't have the natural advantages of the garden - dwelling variety .
theo felt an affinity with this wallflower , and it then struck him what a fantastic name for a band the wallflowers would be .
in his current state of self - pity , the wallflower seemed like a very attractive plant indeed .
he imagined the ` ` w '' of wallflowers in the same looping brush work as van gogh 's ` ` v '' , and the following letters all written out methodically and precisely by paintbrush , perhaps on a slight downward slant .
copying the lettering style of van gogh 's signature from one of his paintings , theo sketched out the words ` ` the wallflowers '' on a deliberately sloping line .
he decided to keep the ` ` t '' of ` ` the '' in a lower case so that the only upper case letter was the swooping first ` ` w '' of wallflowers .
the logo needed to be broken up , so he tried again , this time as the wallflowers this was better but he still was n't happy .
when he got back to his room , wells was studying the wallflowers logo theo had done earlier .
he asked , guessing that ' the wallflowers ' probably would n't be quite right .
so he had started the day dreaming of being in a band called the wallflowers with august wells , and he ended the day being in a band called x - tradition with august wells .
there were several things on his mind , including : crass ; being the drummer in a punk rock band ; august wells ; martine ; learning the guitar ; logo design ; a man called penny ; the demise of the wallflowers ; and martine again .
the wallflowers will have to wait .
it is for a band called the wallflowers - august wells ' latest incarnation , formed after the implosion of x - tradition .
us wallflowers can stick together . ''
dylan was n't exactly a wallflower , either , his hands buried in her hair , fingers lovingly massaging her scalp as he gently rode her mouth .
because he f**ked adie , her wallflower cousin , and not her ?
regular wallflower .
other books by rachel van dyken : the devil duke takes a bride the ugly duckling debutante every girl does it compromising kessen savage winter the parting gift waltzing with the wallflower the seduction of sebastian st . james beguiling bridget the redemption of lord rawlings upon a midnight dream whispered music an unlikely alliance coming soon : the bet the wolf 's pursuit pull taming wilde divine uprising irresistible terms about the author rachel van dyken is the usa today bestselling author of regency and contemporary romances .
if you looked up the word wallflower in the dictionary right now , i think there would be a picture of me beside it .
lovely wallflower !
biding her time , rebecca waited until the gentleman in question had excused himself from the wallflowers and started toward the refreshment table before heading after him .
perennial wallflower .
` ` the pies were much appreciated , '' savannah replied , stunned that this wallflower of a woman had captured the male population of last chance by their taste buds .
he 'd watched her draw wallflowers out of their shells and turn the beau monde 's social dragons into purring p**sycats .
a few young bucks were gathered around a steaming wassail bowl , sipping from silver cups and eyeing the row of wallflowers in speculation .
in fact , it will very likely place us in our wives ' good graces if we shower a desperate wallflower or two with some attention . ''
mostly he used the spot as the perfect vantage point to watch marianna while she helped his mother befriend wallflowers , give instructions to the waiters ... and open up the dance floor under the stars.his body thrummed as he watched her sway to the music with his youngest brother , her laughter teasing his senses from across the patio .
why could n't she be more vixen and less wallflower ?