he was no wallflower and had been with women in the past .
sophie wanted to shrink away from his intense gaze but she remembered her newfound desire to not be a wallflower and she held his gaze .
she was n't a shy little wallflower virgin , but she was n't exactly party central , either .
if i do , instead of being launched into society tonight , you will remain a wallflower .
` ` a wallflower ! ''
her head was whirling with all the dos and don'ts she 'd not really bothered to memorize , and she was morbidly certain she was going to be the season 's most notorious wallflower .
could n't brant 's ex have been a homely , poor wallflower who did n't have tons of hits on google ?
` ` i am the driver and the wallflower while charity gets drunk and dances half - naked with the guy she totally knew i was into ! ''
` ` i am the driver and the wallflower while charity gets drunk and dances half naked with the guy she totally knew i was into ! ''
` ` do n't get me wrong , i ' ve never been a prude or a wallflower .
chapter thirty - nine the next evening ` ` it 's my last night here and i do n't want to be a wallflower at some street dance . ''
she 'd never been a wallflower in his eyes .
here she was , twenty - seven years old , doing her best wallflower imitation again .
rielle attempted to retreat into her wallflower persona , but gavin would n't allow it .
i wonder if he thinks he married a girl with two personalities : vixen and wallflower .
the feeling strengthened when trent glanced at me and turned away , making me feel as if we were two wallflowers at a dance , left by our respective dates so we could ` ` get to know each other , '' trent in his three - piece suit that cost more than my car , and me in a slinky tawny number i 'd probably never wear again ever .
gracie had gone off with eric , her date , and vivian had latched herself onto some guy i did n't know that well , leaving me the lonely wallflower .
if you wanted to be a wallflower , you should have started with all the other new kids . ''
i figure for the sake of baya and bryson , i can be a wallflower for one evening .
a group of girls hanging out on the fringe of the room catch my attention , and i spot baya standing by the keg , looking every bit the wallflower .
but julia was about as much of a nanny as grace kelly was a wallflower .
he thought he saw her roll her eyes but must have been mistaken , for a wallflower would never roll her eyes at him of all people !
for it seemed that the whole of hyde park had frozen in place to watch him hold hands with the wallflower in public .
pictures of the soft - spoken wallflower in his bedroom , that wild hair , her perfectly untouched lips - or at least he assumed them to be .
he was with a wallflower , an innocent with no experience of the world , and here he was ready to choke to death on his cravat because she unwittingly tempted him .
several other debutantes , the wallflowers , thought cordelia to be the sweetest lady to grace the ton in years .
` ` then i would have been your wallflower ! ''
` ` you still are ... my wallflower .
` ` you once thought me a wallflower and a ... shrew , was n't it ? ''
how could i have been when , within the span of twenty four hours , i 'd gone from high school senior and certified wallflower to captive of the prince of the largest and most powerful coven of our time ?
i ' m a wallflower .
you two ' ve been draggin ' your feet like a couple a ' wallflowers waitin ' for the right song . ''
i know i ' m a bit of a wallflower .
` ` you know , anna , you see yourself as a wallflower who no one sees and i see myself as the guy that everyone sees and no one really knows . ''
i understood for the first time what the term wallflower meant .
she said i was being a wallflower . ''
no one in the future would know of her precarious situation , or care about her transgression from the shy wallflower she was supposed to be .
the wallflower no one ever noticed ?
` ` the poor wallflower ? ''
his job would have been so much easier if she had been a wallflower that wilted .
feeling like a wallflower geisha , i lower my head and position myself next to my uncle 's chair .
without her facade , i ' m a wallflower with scars that only i can see .
a wallflower in a clever costume .
i nod and move to follow him , feeling more like a wallflower than ever .
i 'd been a wallflower all my life , plainly not noteworthy .
but today i was n't a wallflower .
that 's what happens when you spend the first two years up a guy 's ass and the third one as a wallflower .
taylor was n't a wallflower .
although the wallflower out of the group , i knew from knowing tate that those were usually the ones to show their awesomeness later .
` ` and , '' i continued , ` ` you 'd better believe this little wallflower will cut a bitch with that knife of yours if anyone lays a hand on you . ''
my gutless , helpless wallflower was wild , after all .
there 's no point in both of us being wallflowers .
over the next few hours , i ' m a wallflower as i watch brooke and t dance the night away .
i was just a wallflower , one of the smart girls who took advanced classes .
and tango makes three , the perks of being a wallflower , har ... oh yes !
i sat at the edge of the room like a wallflower , gripping my dress with my fingertips while i watched lainie dance with fran .
you play the role of the wallflower , grace .
the wallflower ?
you are a wallflower .
being a wallflower makes you smarter than the schemers , because though they sniff up mary bachums bum , pardon my crassness , and whisper in her ear , they are known to be what is that word you use , my dear ?
we 're eccentric wallflowers . ''
i poke fun with a t - touch of telepathy for the rear wallflowers to hear as the citizens laugh at my lame joke then dirk dips his ugly face into my pretty face while i smell his stinky breathe .
edgar flirts sweetly , then winks at ginger as ginger steps her body back into the wallflower line the he eggs onwardly .
last year , she had been a wallflower , even at the dance shawn had taken her to .
that s what i was thinking about ; how last year i was kind of this shy wallflower and this year , i ve got guys all around me .
and , as at every event , the wallflowers , waiting , hopefully , on the sidelines for someone to talk to them , laugh with them , or invite them to dance .
he may look like an innocent wallflower , but that kid is tough as nails .
now , act like a wallflower , bro .
but more importantly , he does nt stand out because he is as much as a wallflower as i .
like me , shed been a wallflower her entire life , but she was really pretty .
i was a wallflower and that was nt going to be changing anytime soon .
i like to think of myself as a sensitive wallflower .
this was not a timid wallflower .
after all these years , i had finally left the sidelines as a wallflower and decided i was hitting the dance floor .
these were slam - dunk favorites guaranteed to tame the most savage maryland wedding reception : bad bad leroy brown , proud mary , tie a yellow ribbon and the failsafe slow dance , last hope of geek wallflowers the world over praying for ladys choice , feelings .
quite to the contrary , shreya , to joshuas delight , shed the demure , wallflower personae and burst into a jovial , pert , chatterbox .
` ` big change from that skinny wallflower , eh ?
she was no kind of a wallflower .
in high school , honey was known as the wallflower .
your sisters tell me that you 're a wallflower , and that you 're not going to the prom because you ca n't get a date . ''
ms . fairchild made a point of searching out the most hopeless of the wallflowers , engaging them with a smile and a few minutes of what appeared to be genuinely attentive conversation .
` ` a wallflower ? ''
` ` she was , after all , the first true wallflower . ''
` ` you know , a young wallflower such as yourself , ms . scarlett , should n't be on these vicious streets without a male escort .
not because i 'd been some kind of wallflower , wilting away in the shadows at the covenant , but because he had n't been allowed to notice me .
i was the orphan sidekick , the trusty wallflower .
deedee pointed toward the lights and swaying couples in the distance and said , ` ` i figured if i came late then i would n't have to be a wallflower for too long . ''
chapter 6 poor little wallflower a few hours later , emily walked up the front steps of a huge white victorian on emerson road in old hollis , the hip neighborhood next to hollis college .
the wallflowers sitting in booths gaped at the three of them as if they were hollywood starlets .
there are just too many perks to being a wallflower . '
as far as the partygoers were concerned , both men were wallflowers .
as suddenly shy as a wallflower at homecoming , i tried to convince my legs to carry me out of the shadows and into the brightly lit rehearsal room .
standing up in these heels , no doubt leaning against the wall like the world 's most overdressed wallflower , and waiting , and waiting .
henrietta had never been asked to dance ; she was the permanent wallflower , after all .
henrietta gosling , former train wreck and uncoordinated wallflower was now the very last of her kind .
i was that weird person at parties , the socially awkward wallflower .
as far as i could tell , i was the only wallflower here , well , that was until i saw him .
` ` stop being such a wallflower ; you 're blending in with the hay . ''
i was always the wallflower , but by the end of every night , she had men pledging her eternal devotion and women their lifelong friendship .
with her book in her lap , her hair tied back with a piece of blue yarn , and her knees primly together , she looked like a wallflower at a high - school dance .
since she usually lectures me for being too shy , i could have pointed out that i ca nt be a wallflower and a hoyden , both .
everyone misjudged her and called her everything from a wallflower to a paper princess .
do n't be a wallflower .
' after this , i want to see you crouched up against that door over there like a wallflower on her first date . '
this was accompanied with meaningful looks at janet to see if the timid little wallflower would actually make it all the way to the bar and get a round in .
she was not exactly a wallflower , though never went to anything either .
women with toxo are social babes ; women without it are wallflowers .
returned to wallflower detail .
all within one same instant , she was a beauty queen , plain jane , a wallflower , an upstart .
not surprisingly i reverted at the dance to my usual wallflower capacity with no more ladies willing to even give me a tumble .
his parents were chatting and theo had overheard sylvie saying ` ` she 's not quite as pretty as rachel ; in fact she 's a bit of a wallflower to be honest . ''
she 's not quite as pretty as rachel ; in fact she 's a bit of a wallflower .
theo felt an affinity with this wallflower , and it then struck him what a fantastic name for a band the wallflowers would be .
theo responded , but already his mind started to picture posters for his and wells ' new band the wallflowers plastered all around town .
all theo knows is that the wallflowers music is apparently very mainstream and that the name for the band was blatantly stolen from him .
he wonders if the wallflowers will include the dead white sky in their set .
if august wants to use his version of the song in his wallflowers set , so be it .
he is never the wallflower that i have seen , popular with both his year and the sixth i would say .
i was a wallflower .
i loitered around , feeling like a wallflower .
chapter 6 i was n't a wallflower when it came to partying and having a good time , but i did n't usually have more than two glasses .
i ' ve been hanging back like a wallflower .
` ` because you think you 're a f**king wallflower and you 're not .
of course , i was a wallflower compared to the other women in the lodge .
` ` if i wanted a wallflower out of the f**king bedroom , then i 'd never even talk to you , rose . ''
toby is all smiles and confidence , where i ' m shy and quiet - a wallflower , forever plain as my mom says .
i was more your wallflower type that strived to stay inside our society 's boundaries .
i panted for scraps of communication like a high - school wallflower .
i hated that i came across as some stupid wallflower who could make exquisite clothing but never grace someone 's arm .
as unbelievable as it might have been that the prom king was lusting after the original wallflower , lily knew it with every fiber of her being .
normal lily was supposed to be a wallflower who did n't have an ounce of guts .
crystal chandeliers dripped from the midnight ceilings and the deep cerise studded velvet walls ensured that even wallflowers could lounge in comfort .
and there were a few wallflowers , but these girls looked totally at ease in their silk and satin lingerie , champagne flutes adorning their manicured hands .
whatever it was adriana had ended up on the shelf as they say , she had become a wallflower .
i was normally a wallflower .
she did nt live dangerously , at least not by choice , and although she was nt exactly a wallflower , paige knew she would never crave attention the way her friend seemed to .
though they placed her even more firmly in the wallflower category , at least she was no longer in danger of falling down stairs or giving the impression that she was rude .
i was accustomed to being a wallflower and here i was about to be announced to a room of hundreds of people .
something she was especially practiced at since her school wallflower days .
eager to claim my role as an unnoticed , inconspicuous wallflower , i made my way to the corner and waited for the dance to finish .
the packages i ordered had n't arrived so at school i was just the same old wallflower again .
sherry tried not to feel inferior , but the tall blonde was so far out of sherrys league looks - wise , she felt like a wallflower .
and i think if you pick his wife for him , you will choose a wallflower .
` ` i always think of the wallflower girl , like me .
skirting the perimeter of the room , rebecca 's gaze eventually settled upon a young gentleman who was offering three wallflowers a great deal of attention .
` ` you see that gentleman over there - the blonde one who 's been speaking to the wallflowers ?
she 's the one who transformed me from a frizzy - haired wallflower into the belle of the ball .
` ` i know most of the crowd who will attend tonight and there is n't a wallflower in the bunch .
she knew he could do it - he could turn her from the wallflower she 'd always been into a seductress who would get her man .
she 'd rather die a wallflower than be constantly humiliated .
she was done being a wallflower and was ready to explore what was locked within the deepest realms of her being .
and the same man treated her like every other man had treated her in the past ; like some weak - willed bloody wallflower .
things were much easier when i thought my sister was the innocent little wallflower seduced by your gigolo brother .
he stood like a wallflower , watching the dancers move about on the floor .
hugh scanned the crowd looking for wallflowers .
not the smoothest invitation she 'd ever had , but it beat standing near the entrance like a wallflower .
she claimed she felt more like a wallflower than like cinderella , but she was ready to attend another dance the following week .
after all his work , she 'd reverted right back to a wallflower .
' t is no time to play the shrinking violet , unless you wish to be a wallflower .
he 's no wallflower .
your mama said she was quiet and shy back then , kind of a wallflower .
dodging reporters proved easy when sam started dressing like a wallflower .
that did n't mean she wanted to spend the next two weeks with ethan 's aunt questioning what he saw in such a quiet wallflower .
rachel had never been a wallflower , but she 'd also never been so forward with a man , either .