` ` i will not permit that child to lock herself away in some godforsaken village and wear widow 's weeds for the rest of her life .
his last name could be weed and she would still marry him .
she wore black , as rose did , widow 's weeds , but her mourning was fresh .
isabella is right - it 's past time you threw off your widow 's weeds and enjoyed your life . ''
it was more than the widow 's weeds she was wearing .
i wish i had weed waiting for me .
i hunched over , my hair hanging like limp weeds over my face , taking in massive gulps of air .
the behaved part of dabis hair , which was leeward , held its ground , but her jungle weeds danced about atop her head .
moisture gathered on her windward jungle weeds , and a shy drop of sea sallied the camber of her forehead and followed a scars path to her delicate brow .
downstairs , nort wandered absently out into the storm to pull some weed .
i ca n't believe my dad is gone , though it explains her glamorous interpretation of widow 's weeds .
like you 're supposed to wear widow 's weeds and mourn for a year ?
if fat peters around , i d rather not be parading through weed city with a flashlight .
he took off the camouflage weeds and put on some cover of the surrounding trees and brush and headed east .
she wore no veil , and the blondish highlights of her shoulder - length brown hair contrasted nicely with the black silk of her widow 's weeds .
` ` major behrens over at weed , the colonel , a pathologist from los angeles , and those awful government doctors who called here on saturday asking terrible things like poor keith 's symptoms , how long he lived , how he looked at the -- - '' she shuddered .
` ` love to get my weed on , and garlic is great for the blood . ''
both are dressed in black widows ' weeds .
the little hospital was no longer empty as it had been a weed ago when esther and sarah had first arrived at the camp .
we discussed these minor miracles over weed , as one does , and thought deeply of them , and thought nothing of them .
she was holding up a weed triumphantly .
many faces proud and fair , and weeds in their silver hair .
for as long as anyone can remember , the dependable 's marketing campaign had featured a comely young woman in widow 's weeds gazing alluringly into the viewer 's eyes , over the legend : the dependable there when you need us most .
she was my weed angel , and sleep came swiftly that night .
she was very young for all her black widows weeds and bulging belly .
his mother , still dressed in her widow 's weeds , sighed from her seat in the corner , her light blue eyes squinting in the brightness as he pulled aside yet another curtain .
she slipped out of her gown and picked up her widow 's weeds , stepping into the black dress while daniel watched with delicious appreciation in his eyes .
rebecca had expected his visit and had seated herself in the parlor , still dressed in her widow 's weeds and with laura in attendance .
oah , i am ever so glad you have cast off your widow 's weeds . ''
the governor puffed fiercely for a moment , sending up blue clouds , then having got his weed well alight , sat back , cigar fuming negligently in one hand .
he bowed , noting that she still wore widow 's weeds even after all these years .