they walked down a stone pathway that was surrounded on both sides with flowering bushes and weeping willow trees .
before coming to get her he 'd scouted out the area and found a quiet knoll shaded by weeping willows bowing their hairy heads over a quiet pond .
that 's okay , she reminded herself as she ducked beneath the willow tree and surveyed the large , elegantly dressed crowd that had already formed in her father 's backyard .
she stood under the willow tree , separated by the shadows from the party hoping to get a glance at the man she was searching for but , no matter how much she hoped and prayed , he still did n't appear .
her disappointment intensified as she accepted that it was time for her to greet her father and a few others and become a member of the party once again , leaving the sanctuary of willow tree .
turning to laura , he said , ` ` sidra 's car is over on the willow bend road .
right in front of her was the most perfect pond , almost a small lake , with willow trees hanging their long branches down to the water and day lilies as well as pussy willows basking in the hot , afternoon sunshine along the banks .
right in front of her was the most perfect pond , almost a small lake , with willow trees hanging their long branches down to the water and day lilies as well as pussy willows basking in the hot , afternoon sunshine along the banks .
in the end , she just could n't force herself to climb through all those lilies and pussy willows , too afraid of snakes and bugs , or whatever else might be hiding in the weeds .
like the graceful willow tree he had planted in his yard , if too much strain and pressure were applied , eventually she would break .
he blinked then caught the orange - brown movement darting under a willow tree .
stepping through the opening for the sliding glass door , the sun had not yet set but its glare had been masked by the weeping willow and palm trees at the back of the yard .
weeping willows marched along a stream that ran through a park at the front of the property , and lilacs bloomed unhampered and untamed beside the willows , their soft colors blending in natural splendor with blue columbine and wild lilies .
weeping willows marched along a stream that ran through a park at the front of the property , and lilacs bloomed unhampered and untamed beside the willows , their soft colors blending in natural splendor with blue columbine and wild lilies .
it 's the room my family and i used to call the willow room .
on the northern bank of the stream is a giant weeping willow with branches so long that they trail in the water below .
father used to call it grandfather willow .
the room has wallpaper to match - pale cream crossed with swirling tendrils the exact color of the willow 's leaves in early summer .
i ca n't see grandfather willow .
there , on the map where grandfather willow should be , is a cluster of small rectangles labeled ` ` crafts cottages . ''
now there 's a miniature colonial - era theme park blocking grandfather willow .
if grandfather willow is there at all .
she could sleep with him and not become a weeping willow .
we decided to pack a snack and some drinks and take shelter from the afternoon sun under a beautiful weeping willow tree that stood alone in the middle of the vineyard .
i walked over to a willow tree several feet away , ducking under the curtain of leaves , and sat down with my back to the trunk .
beside it was a huge , ancient willow tree .
never letting go of her lips , he stood and began walking towards the trunk of the willow tree .
then one of his strong hands was gripping her wrist , pulling it behind her so that it wrapped around the willow .
the nearest he saw was under a huge weeping willow .
the pond and aging willow trees standing guard below were as much a part of him as this old victorian house that was and always had been the gazette offices .
she forced herself to walk on , ignoring the pain in her ankle that subsided by the time they reached an old willow tree .
they 're made of willow , '' he said huskily .
the willow paddle was light and whippy , ideal for making the surface area of skin sting without causing any real harm .
she wandered through lush fields of purple tulips , red irises , pink poppies and reached the pond where the water lilies floated lazily in the glassy blue waters , under the watchful gaze of a weeping willow .
weeping willows brushed the green ground with their branches .
there were side buildings and extensions , a circular drive that was surrounded by large shade trees and an enormous weeping willow dusting the opposite side of the house .
he 's head over heels in love with willow .
on the west side , blake 's wife , willow , is expecting their first .
weeping willows , which were appropriate , he supposed .
i made that out of peachleaf willow , mainly for the purpose of showing other people how to make the same thing . ''
gone was the willow - thin frame of her youth and in its place were the luscious curves of a woman full grown .
other weeping - willow - type plants swayed above them , their silver leaves glinting in the scattered spears of sun , like thronos 's wing mosaics did .
more like willow .
i was about to call willow , who i knew would be home with eli , who was almost three now and very busy .
marcus and willow from because of low willow eli was standing on a stool beside me , helping me roll up cookie dough , then pat it flat .
she even has willow 's mannerisms .
every weekend willow had something else for us to work on in crimson 's room .
then i grabbed willow 's waist as i rolled onto my back and pulled her on top so that she was straddling me .
my mouth went to work eating them up while willow said my name and told me how good it felt .
` ` i was trying to stay positive about this , but now i hope marcus beats his ass , '' willow said , throwing the phone back on the bed .
` ` we 're getting married , '' i said , looking up at willow .
` ` you ' ve got some serious explaining to do , then , because i just got a text from willow .
` ` he 's here , '' willow said , then stood up .
` ` she 's in here , '' willow replied , and just as she walked out , preston came barreling in , looking like a man on a mission .
i did n't like waking up to find a note on the pillow explaining that willow had come and taken her away in the middle of the night .
smiling , i waited until willow was out of sight and i made a run for it .
` ` willow will be furious . ''
i could give a rat 's ass what willow was gon na be .
` ` i ca n't believe you , '' willow said to him as she walked past him into the room .
preston shrugged , and willow burst out laughing .
my face flushed and willow laughed .
i lifted my arms and let willow drop the dress over my body .
i was n't sure how i would have done all this without willow .
my maid of honor was sadie , but willow had left sadie to take care of the bridesmaids while she took care of me .
just wait until it 's time , '' willow said , grinning at me as she moved larissa back to the lineup .
` ` girls , you two go once you see me get to the front , '' willow told them , and they both nodded .
` ` need your help , '' she said once more , ducking behind a willow by the water 's edge .
` ` need your help , '' she said once more , ducking i behind what appeared to be a willow by the water 's i edge , but was actually an illusion within the dungeon .
` ` which got him lined up at universal for willow rush , for which he won his first oscar .
as we stepped through the thin branches of wilting willows and into the garden , the sweet essence of summer filled the air .
` ` the willow is green ; flowers are red .
the flower is not red ; nor is the willow green . ''
flora was an artist , after all , and who said she could n't try something other than wild roses and weeping willows from time to time ?
she dances us over to where the willow trees meet up with the sand .
an entire ball of tiny lights drift out from under a huge willow to the right .
i ask as he walks us beneath an overgrown willow and sets out the thick wool blanket .
i snuggle in close and look up at the dark , brooding sky through the tendrils of the willow .
there it is , surrounded by a sea of romantic willow trees and an aisle of bush roses that create white , ethereal clouds leading all the way to the entry .
the moon washes over the landscape and the fireflies spread their magic under a nearby willow .
i head over to ally and we take a walk in the direction of a weeping willow .
the willows blow in the thick , humid breeze , and the perfume from the roses fills the air .
ally bubbles with a laugh as she pulls me to the side just under the weeping willow .
he leads us through the crowd , and we slip outside sigma house under the feathered branches of a weeping willow .
the long braids of the willow brush gently over our shoulders .
skyla pulls me under a willow just shy of the corral and gives a forlorn smile .
a steady fog emits from the fountain , and bodies dangle lifeless from the weeping willows .
i try to turn away , to force myself to look at the row of swaying willows just behind the gazebo or the rose garden with each bloom turning its face toward the sun , but i ca n't move .
soft rolling hills stretch out infinitely , covered with a field of weeping willows as far as the eye can see .
she darts around the trunk of a willow wearing a white , flowing dress .
nev rumbles something to her , as they disappear behind the curtain of a willow and its long , green tendrils .
i give a swift blow to the neck , greet him by way of decapitation - watch as his head rolls onto the grass and settles near the base of a willow tree .
we sit on a grassy knoll with an overgrown willow tree nearby .
he leads us under a willow , and then we see it .
the tall gothic - style buildings give this place that hogwarts ' vibe i ' ve always secretly craved , and the pepper trees , the weeping willows , the overgrown maples only lend to the magic .
she moved to stand a foot away from him , staring at the street , biting her lips , her body gently swaying like a f**king willow branch caught in a light wind .
we 'd stopped by a small , rushing creek where there was an abundance of spiked grass and bowing , wispy willow trees , their green so green against the backdrop of the stark cream stone , dirt and sand landscape that it was stunning .
the willows dotted along the sides drooped their bowed branches , the ends dipping into the gentle flow of water .
i did n't know what i said , but something triggered his ire and he began walking forward until he managed to back me up against the trunk of a giant willow tree .
each door has an intricately carved weeping willow , which is blowing in the wind .
both willows are made to look the same , yet completely different in pattern and wind direction .
sitting there , she could look out over the magnificent sculptured gardens of the estate , four square acres of flower beds set off by blooming apple , cherry and pear trees as well as majestic maples , oaks and willows .
do n't bother with willow , though , okay ?
i take a deep breath and make my way outside to find nat sitting on one side of lena , and ceecee sitting on the other side , while lena and nat feed nat and asher 's new babies , willow and daniel , aka low and danny .
watching lena feed willow is something else .
the red brick walkway leading to madeline 's back porch meandered beneath a large willow tree , next to a small pond .
set off to the right , it lurked among the weeping willows and poplars .
when she reached the clearing on the other side of a copse of trees about twenty yards from the barn , she set the shovel against the trunk of a weeping willow and pulled on her gloves .
georgie came home one night and found a willow tree curling out of her closet .
the house is surrounded by weeping willow trees that block out the rest of the neighborhood .
my house is in the center of the cul - de - sac , you can barely tell there is a house there with all the willow trees surrounding it .
there is an old oak tree that has lights cascading from the branches giving it a weeping willow effect .
that night , right under a great big weeping willow tree that was lit up with white lights , knox got down on one knee and asked me to spend the rest of my life with him .
` ` willow is n't here today . ''
of course , it said it was from willow .
- w willow , i ' m not saying you can f**k my husband .
for christ sakes willow , i told you to do whatever you have to .
jan 26th once again my parents praised willow for her perfect report card .
the sad part is that willow would feel sorry for me and share .
june 22th willow is leaving town .
july 14th willow 's gone !
dec 24th i found out that willow is n't coming home for christmas .
i never loved anyone like i love willow .
` ` and what about willow ? ''
` ` willow ... will , please .
he approached willow and wanted to know when they were going to run off together . ''
` ` maybe he 's with willow ? ''
i want the world to know that i ' m with willow .
tell your parents the truth willow .
dad , it 's willow .
their sweet willow got the good grades .
and if i catch you callin ' that ass**le , i ' m goin ' to beat you with a willow switch . ''
noah bells found me near the old willow tree at the far end of the pasture .
once she was on the golf cart , i drove us out by the old willow tree to show her something even more spectacular .
did you just come from the willow tree ? ''
the swing hung from an old willow tree that had doubled in size since i was kid .
` ` ever made love under a willow tree ? ''
making love under the willow tree was almost whimsical .
she loved to sit outside at night and take walks out to the old willow tree .
after driving down a long path of willow trees , i was faced with a tremendous house .
lyin ' under a willow tree and listenin ' to nature .
later that morning ethan and i walked hand in hand out to the old willow tree , where most of us kids always liked to retreat to .
i pulled him along until we reached the old willow tree .
the normally secluded enclave in the san juans was now abuzz with activity as willow and the wedding planner she had hired exercised their remarkable talents for organization to pull together a large - scale event in a short span of time .
also , in his present state , it was best to avoid willow .
judson was fairly certain that his mother , willow , knew how it had all started , but she kept elias 's secrets .
only willow did and she had kept his secrets .
none of them could work with you for more than five minutes , willow always said .
he was aware that he was in what willow called his bristling mode , but that was too damn bad .
elias groped for another way to get the information willow would demand from him .
but willow was worried , and he would do anything for willow , including embarrass himself .
but willow was worried , and he would do anything for willow , including embarrass himself .
he was currently at copper beach where willow coppersmith was seeing to it that he got as much fresh salmon as he could eat .
` ` willow says it 's better that way . ''
` ` mr . coppersmith , for heaven 's sake- '' ` ` willow says that if you do intend to break his heart , it ought to at least be for the right reason - not the wrong one . ''
` ` norma 's office is over in willow creek .
the logo on the pocket of the shirt spelled out the name of a construction firm based in willow creek .
` ` in the whole time i ' ve known you , you have n't gone any farther than willow creek . ''
` ` have them pick us up at the regional airport outside of willow creek .
she 's working real estate over in willow creek under the name norma spaulding . ''
33 spaulding properties was housed in a quaint , weathered commercial building on the main street of willow creek .
i set up as a real estate agent in willow creek and used my cover to search the mansion .
the news of the death was in the willow creek paper the following morning .
a narrow channel stretched before them , flanked by purple willows .
the willows lined the shore , like slender women washing their locks in the water .
ahead an old willow leaned over the bank , its long branches cascading down to the river .
a dark shadow shifted in the water under the willow leaves .
ripples pulsed under the willow , wrinkled the river , and vanished .
cerise grabbed a willow with her left hand and leaned toward him .
she had fashioned it herself from a willow branch and painted it in shades of blue and green .
true , she had stolen a little blood , but surely she could be forgiven for that , if forgiveness was necessary ... she stopped beneath a weeping willow tree , lightly rolling one of the leaves between her thumb and forefinger , amazed at the nuances in the texture of the leaf .
true , she had stolen a little blood , but surely she could be forgiven for that , if forgiveness was necessary ... she stopped beneath a weeping willow tree , lightly rolling one of the leaves between her thumb and forefinger , amazed at all the nuances in the texture of the leaf .
it was a lovely place , flanked by a carpet of thick green grass and tall willow trees .
she was shorter than i was and slender as a willow .
i move the mask away from her face again , and she answers , ` ` willow and harmony . ''
her sister , willow , is still in icu being monitored .
we stay close the rest of the night , and the next morning , when they bring willow in , i lose it completely .
i carry harmony while the nurse carries willow into the waiting room .
she asks , looking at the nurse holding willow then around the room before walking into the bathroom and turning on the light .
she leaves the room , and i look down at harmony then over at willow .
do me a favor and take willow . ''
` ` we 'll find her , '' kenton says with conviction , looking down at willow .
as soon as they arrive , i give her harmony and willow and a strict instruction to not leave the room for any reason .
i ask , walking into the nursery where nico is sitting , holding willow .
look , she fits in one hand , '' he says , proving his point by putting willow in one of his hands .
he smirks before looking down at willow as he tells her , ` ` your momma is a dirty girl . ''
nico ` ` ma , i do n't care , '' i tell my mom , who has been hogging willow and harmony since she walked into the house .
i stand and shout when another player picks up willow and swings her around in a circle .
he drops willow immediately , making her stumble and glare at him .
the moment he stopped moving , he swayed like a willow in a heavy wind .
soft , thick rugs ; white walls with tasteful watercolor paintings ; dark furniture ; an oversized , gauze - enveloped poster bed ; music spheres and the ornate brass stand to hold them ; sliding glass doors that led out into a walled private garden with a small fountain and petite willow trees as well as a variety of night - blooming flowers ; and a bathroom with a shower and a large walk - up sunken tub that was positioned in front of the glass window overlooking the garden .
i ' m content with my life in shreveport , but i guess you could say my real dream was to have a cottage by a lake , surrounded by weeping willows and more lawn than i could manage by myself .
weeping willows graced a vast lawn on both sides of the property .
griff followed the sound of alix 's giggles to the large willow tree located on the side of the property .
she slipped her hand in his and led him to the far side of the house beneath an old weeping willow tree .
as buffy navigated the tangled web of high school and vampire slaying with her trusty sidekicks willow and xander and her watcher , giles , i wondered , distantly , if dusty had gone to the house , and if he had , what he would say to them .
she had stopped short of furnishing the house in the tradition of the eisenhower and kennedy eras - like her favorite tv families - and had instead opted for more of a thatched irish cottage look , complete with lace curtains and hooked rugs and hardwood floors , flowered chintz chairs in the living room , a claw - foot tub in the bathroom , a white iron bed in the bedroom , and blue willow china in the kitchen .
in the far back corner there had been a wooden bench tucked beneath the drooping boughs of a giant willow .
people had been steadily leaving all day , but no one had noticed us under the shelter of the willow tree .
weeping willows formed graceful sentries around a shimmering pond where a low , arched bridge spanned the water , lending it a fairy tale quality .
she yanked open her mother 's pack and removed a small handheld broom made of bunched willow tied tightly together .
i call to valerian to relax and release , white willow i send you to embrace and ease , that which is silver , toxic to bone , i bid you to cease as goldenseal roams , that which is natural and of earth 's healing core , i bid you to ease that which is tattered and torn .
the willows were starting to drop their summer growth and the air around her made her shiver .
in response , branwyn flew into the trunk of a nearby weeping willow tree , crashing hard .
the anger exploded through me and ripped the weeping willow tree that branwyn was still attached to apart .
he stepped out from behind a willow tree and was beside me in a millisecond .
the motorcycle waited under a weeping willow , just where tanner had promised .
the last time he 'd seen her , she 'd been standing under that willow tree .
he stopped by a twisting willow tree .
the grass grew , the willow bloomed - it wept .
` ` walker said , ' weeping willow tree .
` ` she 's buried near a willow . ''
` ` a willow tree ?
` ` inside the grooves on the bottom of his hiking boots , i found dried seeds from a weeping willow . ''
` ` i know that does n't seem like much , but willows are n't exactly thick on the ground in the swamp .
i got a botanist from lsu to look at the seeds and based on the soil embedded in the seeds , he figured out an area where he thinks the willow could be located . ''
` ` before he died , '' anthony said , his deep voice rumbling , ` ` walker mentioned a weeping willow tree .
sometimes '' -cadence 's voice was soft as she continued- '' killers will mark a space that is special to them by planting certain flowers or using a marker to- '' ` ` you think walker and his partner planted the willow near jenny . ''
remorse shown by a willow that would weep year after year .
no willows .
not one damn weeping willow .
` ` the willow does n't have to be out here in the swamp .
he saw her with matt at her side , beneath the sloping branches of a weeping willow tree .
the willow had been hidden , crouched beneath tall pines and cypress trees , blocked by moss .
it was the weeping willow tree .
` ` 4219 willow way . ''
` ` weeping willow , k !
my subconscious is glaring at me over her half - moon glasses , a willow switch in her hand .
` ` meet me at willow creek cafe at seven thirty .
a squirrel , completely unconcerned by my presence , shot by my feet and scurried up a nearby weeping willow tree .
maiwenn was queen of the willow land and had once been a friend .
` ` she was attacked this morning by willow land riders on the outskirts of the oak land , on her way to see our grandmother . ''
we were out on a small , quiet lake ringed in willows , in a no - frills motorboat that had just enough room for us , our catch , and a cooler stocked with coke , juice , and milky ways .
` ` there 's a phoenix one in the willow land .
another shifting of the road took us back to the rowan land , and still another took us into the willow land .
make sure he really is alone and not meeting up with willow soldiers . ''
so hurry up and come back to us so we can get you back to the willow land . ''
i think it 's appalling what the willow queen and others tried to do to you .
if you liked , i could focus on the willow land and completely destroy it . ''
what i offered to do to the willow land - by focusing the enchantment - can be done to yours instead . ''
` ` i knew that when i set out from the willow land . ''
` ` we should reach the willow land . ''
the next day , he departed from our group , his fox form scurrying off across the muddy landscape of the willow land .
there 's another north of phoenix that goes to the willow land , but they 'd have to ride around the city .
they could have been ordinary brigands , but on a few of them , i caught the flash of a golden willow tree pin .
` ` the willow queen has sent her assassins to kill our lord ! ''
most of pagiel 's warriors could handle one - on - one physical or magical combat with the willow attackers , so i focused on the monsters and spirits .
he built himself a wee snuggery in a nearby cavern , and sealed over the entrance wi ' willow branches all woven together and chinked wi ' mud .
he turned to pick up a frayed willow twig from the washstand , and began to clean his teeth .
it was nearly a quarter - mile before he came to a halt , in a sunny clearing by a clump of willows , near the edge of the mere .
he turned then , and disappeared into the screen of willows , leaving lord john grey alone by the mere .
i threaded my way through a small growth of fresh - budding river willows , found a conveniently screened rock in the sun , and spread out the damp skirt of my shift , enjoying the warmth on my shoulders , the sharp scent of the fuzzy catkins , and the sight before me .
the river path was lovely , edged with willow and silver birch that cast a flickering shade over banks of nasturtium and azalea and the floating masses of dark - green cress .
but the girls had more apples , and the horse paid no attention whatever - nor did he object when arabella - jane took his reins and looped them casually round the trunk of a young willow .
there was the usual assortment of minor ailments and injuries : a deeply embedded splinter ( infected , requiring the application of drawing salve , followed by excavation , disinfection , and bandage ) ; a dislocated toe ( caused by the patient having kicked a fellow in play , but the work of a moment to reduce ) ; a split lip ( requiring one stitch and a little gentian ointment ) ; a badly gashed foot ( the result of inattention whilst chopping wood , requiring twenty - eight stitches and a large dressing ) ; one child with an ear infection ( an onion poultice and willow - bark tea prescribed ) ; another with the bellyache ( peppermint tea and a strong admonition against eating eggs of unknown age out of birds ' nests of unknown provenance ) ...
then - with a wary eye on the sun - i led them off to my tent to dispense packets of willow bark , peppermint , and hemp leaves .
` ` he is teething , '' i agreed , shaking out a quantity of crumbled willow bark into my mortar .
fetching a couple of blankets , i followed him , yawning , a little way along the riverbank , until we found a private spot behind the scrim of willows that dragged their leaves in the water .
his uncle was standing among the trailing fronds of a river willow , dressed in nothing but his shirt .
` ` i ' m sorry to interrupt ye , ian , '' uncle jamie said , stepping out from the willow .
disappeared with the mare into a growth of pu**y willows downstream .
she was slim as a willow sapling and twice as springy ; she squirmed against him , and the small struggle heated his blood still further .
a six - inch willow twig , carefully cleaned of its pith , sanded smooth , and boiled slowly - so as not to crack the wood - to be used as a catheter to stabilize the urethra and bladder and keep urine out of the surgical field .
as the day wore on , vanessa did her best to pull up as many childrens tales as she could : sleeping beauty ( taming rather than shish - ka - bobbing the dragon ) , snow white ( reforming rather than assassinating the witch ) , the wind in the willows ( little to change , but a lot had to be made up due to unfamiliarity ) .
he looked vacantly at the willow tree in the middle of the pod .
every spring , jeanette and joey used to drag the bulging , stagnant vessels into the yard and dump their contents into the lawn beneath the willow tree , then refill the bags from the hose and drop in a few chlorine tablets .
their father lived in st . louis in a ranch - style house under a clutch of willow trees that were constantly shedding limbs onto his roof .
the girls are climbing the willow tree in the back yard .
she covers her curly head with a fistful of willow branches , to protect against droppings .
the willows tendrils are a curtain she can throw back to spy on the neighborhood .
when she finally has the courage to venture down , bare - legged in the morning light , she finds jeanette curled up in the fetal position , sleeping on a quilt at the roots of the willow tree .
remember the time with the willow tree ?
oh , the willow tree incident .
this big , big willow , jeanette reached for the ceiling as she spoke , her belly escaping her shirt , and she stayed up there through this nasty rainstorm .
the willow trees branches , like tendrils , wept from the sky to the ground .
` ` professor willow ... from the university . ''
chapter three professor willow was unbelievably old , he walked with the assistance of two wooden canes and had a small oxygen bottle slung over one shoulder a clear plastic mask over his nose and mouth .
that is the simplest way to find the answer , '' willow asked .
` ` hmm ... magic you say , '' willow took another long breath of oxygen , '' quite simple then . ''
professor willow turned and looked at me , a serious expression on his face .
says here a woman by the name of alexandra gray gave birth in an alley near ferndale and willow .
ferndale and willow , alex instructed .
ferndale and willow !
he gave the command again , this time slowly and clearly , ferndale and willow .
there were a few more trees along its edges , mostly willows , but a few cottonwoods and other wider leafed trees mixed with them .
zac stopped at the edge of the river in the middle of a grove of trees , old huge brittle willows with golden green leaves .
the pain had been flashy and sizzling all morning and the willow tea she 'd had was a very poor substitute for the little aspirin pills she 'd run out of .
light blue mysterious fogs hung below the nearby branches of the moss covered willow and pine trees , and the low - lying hills that surrounded the small pond and grassy fields by the rock quarry .
off on the farthest hill to the left of the largest willow tree could be seen in the near distance the centerville water tower , the wooden dam at the water reservoir , and the train station .
all looked towards the tops of the furthest willow trees surrounding the clearing , as the full moon silently crept out from behind the highest branches .
looking off to his left he saw an enormous green forest of what appeared to be a strange off - shoot of ; weeping willow , pine and birch trees .
spotting a large ... what appeared to be ... a willow tree shading the bank ahead of him , and a flat area to lie upon louis decided to take a well - deserved break .
upon reaching the deep moat surrounding the castle louis found a place to hide and rest under the canopy of a large willow tree .
the leaves on the nearby willow trees shook along with the ground louis stood upon .
there were weeping willow trees all around the shoreline , a large clearing and what looked like a rock quarry at one end .
he spoke one last time to louis before greater forces called him back towards deganwy castle , ` ` come calling i will ... when the night is pleasantly still ... when the full yellow sun rises , all will be full with surprises ... '' ` ` noooo ... noooo ... do n't go yet ... atamo ... atamo ... '' louis 's voice trailed off as dulinnor with atamo the astral firmly in control were finally and completely lost from sight , as they crested the top of a large nearby willow tree .
it was found that allowing the body to rid itself of the poison , by flushing with copious amounts of water , and then administering a willow bark tea would set the bodys natural immune system in order to fight the symptoms .
his beloved wife anha was more beautiful than the sun , her black silky hair hung like the willow cascading across luminescent eyes .
` ` weeping willows . ''
still , buck 's fear of lions and tigers and such kept me from going straight to the small pond beyond the willows .
so we both slowed as we came beneath the weeping willows , hiding behind the long , trailing leaves until we were certain no dangerous animals were nearby .
he d spent half the night digging helens grave beneath an old willow in a field behind her house .
grace , josh , jemi , and leif were playing cards at a table under a weeping willow .
the trees in this region were mostly limited to the banks of streams , and they were the typical riparian varieties like willows , alders and birch .
at its centre resided a small island boasting several lazy willow trees and a table with a red lunch cloth spread across it .
green grass was everywhere , rare in this high desert , plus clusters of familiar cactus and trees such as junipers , cottonwoods , various pines , oaks , maples , and weeping willows .
a weeping willow swayed in the wind , its long , flowing leaves grazing the rough trunk of a tall palm tree .
the canopy created by the clustered mass of abnormally large willows blocked their light .
he pulled my shirt over my head and as my lips moved down his neck , he laid me down in the grass beneath a weeping willow tree .
what little hair he had left hung like the leaves of a dying willow against the sides of his skull , and his cheekbones were clearly visible through his sagging skin , which had forced his sad eyes deeper into their sockets .
though modernistic and highly - developed , the city was an immense , glorified tree - house megalopolis , built into the willow - like trees that presumably acted as part of the founding structure of the awe - inspiring metropolis a city concealed in the shadows of the valley lands .
the building is at the center of a lawn bordered with willows .
their cook , a silly guy about five feet tall and skinny as a willow tree , dropped to the ground and began heaping stones in a large circle , then nodded to some of the tibetans who were handling their yaks and luggage .
lashonda gripped her bouquet tighter , digging her claws into the fabric wrapped base of the white dogwood blossoms and silver sprigs of pussy willow .
trisha buffy lead to firefly , bones , robot chicken , drones , and lets not make a mistake its willow that rocks how i met your mother , not segel .
a little garden spot about 5 days north of jass called the river willow chapel .
a row of willows added a soft shhhh as their branches waved in the breeze .
the willows whooshed in the breeze , and the brook burbled as it tumbled over a set of smooth stones .
luckily in the distance our salvage came in the form of an old tow truck , which was buried under an uprooted willow tree it had crashed into .
we camp in a hollow , nestled beneath a swaying willow tree , and orions belt hangs low in the sky .
there were wide swathes of manicured park up there where feathery willows , sculpted hedges , stunning lawns and dramatic commons nestled among stately homes inspired by someones idea of the hacienda and the belle poque .
according to my source ... '' i pause to scroll down the document displayed on the screen of my laptop , ` ` this particular pottery house did make flow blue willow ware out of staffordshire , but only until about 1940 or so when there was a fire that burned the plant down .
he thought he saw movement beneath a bog willow that rose up from a large hammock directly ahead .
there was another bog willow near the waters edge , its trunk gripping tenaciously to a sheer side that fell into the water .
maeve seemed to recall orthain telling her to use water as hot as possible to wash out open wounds , preferably steeped with willow bark for the pain and starkroot to help clean out any potential infections .
he pointed to one lady , willow banks , and said , yes maam , what s your question ?
it turned out that michelle , willow , billy , laura roberts and jim wright were all chemists .
anyhow we had made a bunch of figurative circles through the numerous canyons , filled with sage brush in the dry bottoms and willow brush , thick and tough to ride through , in the creek bottoms .
many species of deep - rooted , vinelike plants to anchor slopes and prevent erosion , other species of thirsty trees , adaptations of cottonwoods and willows , to line streambeds and break the power of flash floods .
a willow tree , small but graceful , bent over the stream , and around its roots grew lilies - of - the - valley , their white cups clear in the dim light .
halleck stared at the silly , trailing plumage of a willow tree there shredded by sand and wind .
again he focused on the silly willow .
our family had never had any money ; we ate off a set of dime store blue willow for ten years , and i do n't think my father ever owned a new suit at any time in his life .
once , he and she had pursued the muscovy duck down onto the marshes ; the duck had taken refuge among the roots of willows , and it had taken them all day to close in on her .
lodovik stepped toward the woman , now twisted and gnarled like an ancient willow .
` a seed blown on the wind could be tomorrow 's willow tree , '' leto said .
grass , dwarf spruces , perhaps even willows , all fed by snow runoff from further up .
up ahead the grass deepened into a jungle of green willows that was shocking after the parched sterility of the endless hardpan .
the willow jungle was deeper than he had suspected , and confusing in the failing light .
` ` nnnnnnnnnn - he glared around at the mystic darkness of the willow grove , both guns out and ready .
he ducked under the first of the willows , splashed through the spring , and legged up the far bank , skidding in the dampness ( even now his body could relish it ) .
he crashed over a deadfall of grass and bramble and downed branches , sprinted down a tunnel of overhanging willow and sumac .
he clawed through a last barricade of willows and came to a clearing that looked up at the stars and the highest peak of the range , gleaming skull - white at an impossible altitude .
jake watched after him with a troubled smile until he was gone into the willow jungle .
he paused , getting to his feet again , and looked through the tangled snarl of willows .
the gunslinger walked toward the willow grove and then turned left , skirting it .
while the stew cooked , the gunslinger used the last of the light to go back into the willow grove .
arnie had noisily gabbed on about his desire to meet glaub -- not in his own home or in the doctor 's office -- but at a well - known bar and restaurant in lewistown , the willows .
around the willows ran a moat of cold blue water .
doreen said , ` ` we 're supposed to go back to the willows for dinner .
` ` let 's go back to the willows , '' he said .
together , they walked on back to the willows .
the visit to the public school had set him up for it , and at the willows it had appeared and smitten him , as intact and full as if he were in his twenties again , back on earth , working for corona corporation down in redwood city .
` ` i do n't care if you call 'em p**sy willows , '' newt snapped .
a moment later they were lost in a screen of willows .
while roland dragged deadwood for a fire into a copse of mixed willows and alders by the edge of the frozen stream , susannah inspected her way along the embankments , looking for chert .
seven they made twine from grass , just as mordred had done , and hung the first deer - the one already headless - by its back legs from the low branch of a willow .
they set their logs at an angle against the trunks of two willow trees ( close , so they could work side by side ) and used chert scrapers to dehair the hides .
jessica angled toward a willow in front of the next house , a wide old tree that sheltered the entire yard .
the old willow dominated the block , like a huge umbrella blotting out the hot sun .
` ` sorry about that , '' she said softly to the willow .
and her husband , tall and pale and like unto a willow tree , and suffering as he does from a great weakness which has afflicted him from childhood and which not even charlotte 's mother could cure .
old white ware and oriental porcelain , antique blue willow , and old spode .
that was why certain woods , like willow , were preferred ; their charcoal was more porous .
it squatted in darkness , out of repair and covered with twisting vines , shaded from the afternoon sun by the mushroom cloud of willow tree that dominated the front yard .
dess started to lean her bike against the old willow .
giant claws had swept through the old willow , like carpet knives lacerating flesh .
like a willow tree .
there were fourteen trees , in fact , most of them old willows near the water .
that was when chief perkins - called by either tommy or willow anderson , the roadhouse proprietors - drove into the parking lot with his jackpots lit and his headlights winking back and forth .
willow and tommy anderson are in the parking lot of dipper 's , willow crying with her head on tommy 's shoulder .
willow and tommy anderson are in the parking lot of dipper 's , willow crying with her head on tommy 's shoulder .
tommy and willow join her .
ramirez lifted his eyebrows , drew a slender , straight , double - edged blade of a type he called a willow sword from the bag , and laid it on the table , too .
carlos drew it , lunged out onto his wounded leg with a cry of pain and challenge , and sliced the willow blade left and right at madrigal while the spear was grounded and locked into place , supporting him .
at last he turned his horse down the slope to the trickle of brook which ran there , and followed it a mile and a half upstream ( past several gathers of horse ; they looked at rusher with a kind of sleepy , wall - eyed surprise ) to a grove of willows .
his rider ducked his own head as he passed through the willow fronds , and suddenly there was a narrow and inhuman white face hanging before him , its upper half all but swallowed by black , pupilless eyes .
where it wanted to go most frequently these days was into a daydream of riding along the drop with roland , the two of them side by side , finally stopping in a willow grove she knew that overlooked hambry creek .
that part was in the willow grove with roland .
she could see thorin in the mirror , and in his image she saw the ordinary doom that was rushing at her , the ordinary doom of which this was but a foretaste : the end of girlhood , the end of romance , the end of dreams where she and roland lay together in the willow grove with their foreheads touching .
6 she rode with no conscious idea of where she was going , yet some part of her must have had a very specific destination in mind , because forty minutes after leaving her house , she found herself approaching the very grove of willows she had been daydreaming about when thorin had crept up behind her like some bad elf out of a gammer 's story .
it was blessedly cool in the willows .
they made love in the willow grove , questions of honor put aside , promises broken without so much as a look back , and at the end of it susan discovered there was more than sweetness ; there was a kind of delirious clinching of the nerves that began in the part of her that had opened before him like a flower ; it began there and then filled her entire body .
11 roland had tied rusher just far enough into the willows so the big gelding could not be seen by anyone who happened to come riding along the drop .
she had a great heart , he thought as she slipped through the willows , and already he felt its burden on his own .
they met in the willow grove , in several of the abandoned boathouses which stood crumbling at the northern hook of the bay , in a herder 's hut far out in the desolation of the coos , in an abandoned squatter 's shack hidden in the bad grass .
` ` i 'd like to hypnotize you again , as i did that day in the willow grove , '' roland said .
susan , by the stream in the willow grove : she says , ` ` aye , lovely , just so , it 's a good girl y'are , ` ` then everything 's pink .
susan dreamed of the willow grove - bird and bear and hare and fish - and what woke her was n't sheemie 's return from his necessary but a cold circle of steel pressing into her neck .
the willow grove faded from the eye of her mind .
trying to remember how he had loved with her in the willow grove .
with bruises be upon ... take in ... you re bedde , achinge his ... willowfine = aspirin hedd for willow fine , a ( cf.3757 pin = manne who testeth with a witchfinder ( cf .
we spent the afternoon sitting in the shade of a lovely weeping willow tree , and we just had a wonderful time , talking and laughing .
even the frozen stream , framed in willows and lined by alders , was edged in blooming water hemlock .
even the twittering of golden plovers from the willows had ceased .
but moose were often just as dangerous , and the cabin was near the river , where the thick willow browses attracted the yearling bulls .
but like her father , she was as lean as a willow switch .
in the rearview mirror , the plains baked brilliantly under the sun , interrupted by thorny thickets and solitary stands of red bush willow .
khamisi braked to a stop , skidding into cover under the branches of a willow .
so when this willow branch of a girl had been presented naked to the steps of apollo 's temple , pythia had given her hardly a glance .
shrubs decorated its steep slopes , along with weeping willows , cork trees , and several species of bamboo .
but along the maze of creeks that flowed into the bog , willows draped with sullen shoulders , the tips of their branches sweeping the waters .
konstantin called softly back to them out of a denser copse of willows , sounding urgent .
he pushed through a drape of willow branches and saw that one of the ubiquitous tiny islands rose ahead .
then the shadow hurdled the tiger , hit the ground , and bounded headlong into a thick patch of willows and vanished .
he tried his best to hide under the branches of a willow , but they were sure to be spotted if the searchers looked too closely .
he 'd finally found it : a long curving course , lined by dense willow groves and black patches of fir trees .
past the gap , a narrow channel snaked ahead , lined by willows and choked by floating patches of weed .
the forest shed the watery willows and stood taller with birches and spruces .
2:22 p.m. utah wilderness kai hid in a dense thicket of mountain willows alongside a cold stream .
the willow is known for its resiliency in the face of strong winds .
tall marsh grasses and stands of willow trees further hid their race from pyongyang to the yellow sea to the west .
after he and the others had left ulan bator in an older - model toyota land cruiser , they passed through a small mining town to the east , a postapocalyptic landscape of coal pits , heavy machinery , and soot - coated soviet - era buildings - but then a sharp turn to the north cast them into a valley thick with poplars , elms , and willows .
they passed by a koi pond , shadowed by the drooping branches of a weeping willow and surrounded by a patch of the gardens that had been recently dug up and tilled , prepared to replant for the coming autumn season .
finch caught up to them as they were mooring the boat to a rickety dock under a stand of willow trees .
where everything else blended together in a blur of faces and cafes and alcohol , that sunfilled courtyard with its rustling willows , light - soaked dark wooden benches , and aged gray stone tables riven with fissures still remains with me , even in this place .
in the foreground , the pale willow trees rustled in the breeze .
{ as pale willow trees are wo nt to do . }
outside , the willow trees breathed gently from side to side under a merciful sun , and street vendors danced joyously in anticipation of duncan 's ardor , and the birds stopped in midair to witness the innocence that was duncan 's lust , and the gray caps came aboveground to gift all citizens of the city with garlands of sweet - smelling fungus , and i must stop before i make myself sick .
imagine a courtyard with stone benches and willows and the scent of honeysuckle and sweet , good conversation .
willow trees .
i needed to find my brother - and find him i did , amid the tinkling rustle of the frozen willow trees outside of blythe academy .
he 'd lie in wait for me at night , positioned strategically behind a willow tree , where he could see the entire courtyard .
under the willow trees .
it happened by the willow trees where i first saw you , that flickering shiver of a glimpse , and yet that red hair like a fire burning through the trees .
it lay at the very heart of the willows like a black cave , not a stone at all , and the dark green leaves of the surrounding bushes glistened with reflected light .
he said : ` ` there are no more lunches under the willow trees for us .
in fact , he did not tear out the first draft of his second page , which is identical to the second draft , except for the speech he attributes to bonmot : there are no more lunches under the willow trees for us .
i saw a few broken windows , two overturned benches , an area of burnt grass , and a singed section of roof , but the willow trees remained the same as always .
under the fabled but now considerably more wizened willow trees .
and an echo from sybel , standing in the willow tree , whispering to me : ` ` i liked it better when i knew nothing . ''
` ` mary has sold her second book , '' bonmot told me one fall , the willow trees impervious to the change of seasons even as , across the street , oaks became an indignant red - and - orange , and then bald , and a strange whisper of flame spread through the city .
sybel and bonmot and my mom and all the rest are waiting for me out there in some form or another - a whisper on the breeze , the rustle of the branches , a shadow across a wall , and , perhaps , there will be time for one last lunch under the willows , my glasses safely in my pocket .
i went over to where the three scribes on duty were sitting in the shade of a scrubby willow tree and introduced myself .
it 's filled with rushes , cattails , and stringy willow trees that trail their limbs in the water .
it stood in the middle of a grove of sad - looking willows on a small island that rose in a gentle slope out of the surrounding water .
darral finished with his firewood , cut himself and his son some willow saplings to use for poles and went off to entertain the fish .
they made camp that night in a willow thicket on the banks of a small stream , concealing their fire as best they could .
the others waited in a grove of large old willows a mile or so north of the city , and their faces were expectant as garion and silk ducked in under the branches .
they were ferried in pairs across the foggy , rain - swept expanse of the nedrane to land on a narrow , mist - shrouded sand beach backed by a thicket of willows .
` ` there 's a wagon road on the other side of these willows , and it joins the imperial highway about a mile or so downriver .
they mounted their horses in the soggy darkness and rode through the willows , down onto the muddy wagon track .
she was as tiny as ce'nedra and as slender as a willow .
a clump of willows at the side of the road afforded some shelter that night and also provided the poles necessary for erecting their tents .
prala asked him pertly , ` ` or perhaps a nice plate of fried willow bark ? ''
` ` there 's a willow thicket downstream a ways , '' durnik said , pointing at a fair - sized grove of spindly trees bordering the river a half mile or so to the south .
garion asked as they rode down along the rain - swollen river toward the willows .
as durnik and toth pitched the tents , garion and eriond ranged out through the sodden willow thicket in search of firewood .
there was a crashing back in the willows , and silk suddenly ran into the circle of firelight , his eyes very wide and his face deathly pale .
garion did not want to give the mallorean deserters time to lose themselves in the fog , so he pulled himself up onto the unsaddled horse and moved out of the willow thicket at a silent walk .
carefully , one by one , he checked each fallen body for signs of life , then rounded up three more horses and rode back to the camp concealed in the willows .
it was a heavy fog , chill and clinging , lying densely along the river bank and bedewing the tangled limbs of the willow thicket at their backs with strings of pearl like droplets .
berit , go over to that willow thicket and cut yourself a couple of saplings . ''
then he took one of his willow saplings and sank one end of it down into the muddy bottom .
like all the lodges in the village of lattash , it had been built with limber willow branches interlaced with limbs taken from evergreen trees .
it had originally been constructed in the shape of a dome , but it was sagging quite noticeably now , and the limber willow branches were now brittle .
the old man pointed toward a shadowy willow grove several hundred yards to the left of the road .
the horses stirred and nickered as the three of them pushed their way through the rustling willows in the rapidly descending darkness .
just back from the river there were sparse clusters of the twisted , sprucelike trees that had dotted the lower foothills , and near the water itself rose thickets of willow and creeping brambles .
the grove which crowned the island appeared to be mostly willows with long , trailing branches .
she turned and walked up a path leading into the willow grove with her fenlings scampering along beside her .
garion was not sure what to expect as he and silk followed the old man up the path toward the dripping willows , but he was totally unprepared for the neat , thatch - roofed cottage with its small adjoining garden .
belgarath emerged finally from the misty willows , his step heavy , weary .
they stopped the horses near a small bridge that crossed a brook and led them into the shade of a thick clump of willows not far from the road .
he got up and walked around to the far side of the clump of willows .
the land was gentle enough , rolling hills and terraced fields interspersed with meadows and woodlands and little valleys where willows crowded close to slow shallow streams .
gendry and cutjack dug her grave on a hillside beneath a weeping willow .
in that thick of willows ?
over his mail he wore a soiled white surcoat with a weeping willow embroidered in pale green , but his cloak was fastened with a silver trout .
the island was densely wooded , a tangle of willows , oaks , and tall pines that cast deep shadows across the rushing water , hiding snags and the rotted trunks of drowned trees .
` ` the darry , the greenapple , the maiden ... here , this one , the little willow , it might be that . ''
` ` the big willow , '' she read .
` ` the big willow , then .
see , and the big willow runs into the trident , so we could follow the one to the other , but we 'd need to go downstream , not up .
only if this river is n't the little willow , if it 's this other one here ... ` ` ` ` rippledown rill , '' arya read .
there were a few willows growing along the river 's edge and reed beds in the muddy shallows beyond , but most of the ground hereabouts was painfully open .
lightfoot , she moved to the big old willow that grew beside the bend in the road and went to one knee in the grass and mud , within the veil of trailing branches .
she could not see them from where she knelt , on account of the willow .
demanded lem , in the deep voice that arya had heard through the branches of the willow .
i buried old pate myself , right there under that willow where you were hiding , and you do n't have his look . ''
his shaft went hissing past her head within an inch of her ear and buried itself in the trunk of the willow behind her .
he was sleeping off a drunk under a willow tree , if you believe it . ''
instead he had settled for half a cup of dreamwine , a chew of willow bark , and the crutch .
close by the water 's edge , they found some willows rising from a jumble of weathered rocks .
nymeria sand was five - and - twenty , and slender as a willow .
the next day he gave command of moat cailin to ralf kenning and set off overland for the fever river where the iron fleet lay amongst the reeds and willows .
they found the boat half a league downstream , hidden beneath the drooping branches of a great green willow .
garin reined up beneath the willow .
across the river wolves were howling , and the wind was gusting through a stand of willows , making their branches writhe and whisper .
the silver eagle of mallister was nowhere in evidence ; nor the red horse of bracken , the willow of the rygers , the twining snakes of paege .
they dangled under ash and alder , beech and birch , larch and elm , hoary old willows and stately chestnut trees .
` ` all these children , '' brienne said to the girl willow .
` ` yes , '' said the girl willow .
` ` wat , you help them with those horses , '' said willow .
gendry was the closest thing to a man grown , but it was willow shouting all the orders , as if she were a queen in her castle and the other children were no more than servants .
brienne wondered whether willow might be more than she appeared .
inside , willow had four greasy tallow candles lit and told the girls to keep the hearthfire burning high and hot .
` ` aye , '' said willow , snatching up the crawler before she reached the porridge .
same as willow .
` ` beauty , '' whispered the willows on the bank , but the reeds said , ` ` freak , freak . ''
beneath a crooked willow , the outlaws slipped a noose about her neck , jerked it tight , and tossed the other end of the rope over a limb .
` ` the maid brought him forth a girl as supple as a willow with eyes like deep blue pools , and hugor declared that he would have her for his bride .
the broken stones of temples and palaces were sinking back into the earth , and gnarled old willows grew thick along the riverbanks .
beyond the tangled willows the road ended abruptly and they turned north for a short ways and rode beside the water , until the brush gave way and they found themselves beside an old stone quay , half - submerged and surrounded by tall brown weeds .
then they left the town behind , following the winding course of the rhoyne through willow groves and poppy fields and past a tall wooden windmill whose blades creaked like old bones as they turned .
earth and water , soil and stone , oaks and elms and willows , they were here before us all and will still remain when we are gone . ''
the bone was beyond him , though , so he tossed it to the dogs and watched grey jeyne make off with it whilst sara and willow snapped at her heels .
` ` kneelers , '' said willow , with a snort of contempt .
theon stopped so suddenly that willow almost plowed into his back .
grunt gave willow 's breast a squeeze as she went by .
willow and myrtle hurried after her , cloaks snapping in the wind .
two distinct sets began at the river 's edge , where the deer must have drunk , and then trailed into the heavy cover of the willows .
beyond the willows , a stand of cottonwoods offered cover for their campfires and a supply of firewood .
the willows were ideal for smoke racks .
glass noticed plum trees scattered among the willows , a lucky break .
they constructed crude racks with green willow branches , rubbed the meat strips with a little salt and hung them just above the flames .
glass stepped from the willows into a clearing , scanning for the deer he knew must be just ahead .
back through the willows .
nor did the willows provide sufficient cover .
the knife dropped , and he pushed furiously against the earth with his feet , futilely seeking the cover of the willows .
at the willows , harris found the tracks of both the deer and glass .
he stepped into the willows , carefully placing each moccasin as he peered ahead .
bridger cleared a piece of ground in the shade of the willows and arranged glass 's bedroll .
the captain took his rifle and walked away from the clearing , back through the willows toward the river .
most of the men sat within reach of the flames , tending skewers of willow branches laden with meat .
occasional stands of cottonwood gave way at the high water line to the graceful branches of willows , some reaching ten feet in height .
he snaked toward the only cover available , a scrubby stand of willows .
he checked to ensure his rifle and pistol were charged , removed his wolf - skin hat , and lifted his head to peer through the willows .
belly to the ground , fitzgerald wormed his way toward the cover of the higher willows near the creek .
he turned again when he reached the thicker willows , relieved that the indians remained preoccupied with the stubborn pinto .
fitzgerald worked his way from the willows to the pines .
at its center , near the pyre , stood a row of four - low chairs made from woven willows .
thick willows along the river impeded his ability to crawl forward , but did little to block the penetrating heat of the late morning sun .
thirty yards from the buffalo he crawled into a thick stand of willows , curled onto his side , and lapsed into a state that resembled unconsciousness more than sleep .
the willows along the grand were zigzagged with game trails .
for the trigger sticks , glass selected three slender willows , cut to a length of about sixteen inches .
as he lay on the riverbank in the early moments of dawn , a fat doe emerged from the willows on the opposite shore .
he built racks from the green branches of a nearby stand of willows .
a few beaver plews hung on willow frames against the timber walls of the fort , along with a mishmash of buffalo , elk , and wolf .
the sandbar ran a hundred yards downstream to natural jetty - mounded boulders overgrown with thick willows and brush .
beyond the sandbar , more willows led to a stand of cottonwoods , increasingly rare as they paddled north .
he cupped his hand to his mouth and yelled into the willows .
he threw a log on the fire and walked toward the willows .
professeur 's pressing need became more urgent , and he hurried past charbonneau toward the willows .
he dropped instinctively to the ground and scanned the dark willows for the shooter .
more arrows flew out of the willows .
the men scrambled for the paltry cover of the beached canoe as two arikara braves broke from the willows .
dominique raised himself long enough to fire toward the willows .
` ` dead by the willows , '' said charbonneau matter - of - factly as he rose to fire .
shots continued to pour from the willows as they hunkered behind the canoe .
they were only about fifty yards from the willows .
glass looked back at the willows .
within the tangle of willows and driftwood , he found himself once again taking somber inventory of his wounds and his possessions .
as daylight faded , glass took the clothes from the willow rack and dressed himself .
half an hour after the change of guard , fitzgerald walked to the thick willows where he had cached his plunder : a pack of beaver pelts to trade downstream , twenty pounds of jerky in a jute sack , three horns of powder , a hundred lead balls , a small cooking pot , two wool blankets , and , of course , the anstadt .
hugh glass sat cross - legged beside a small fire , the flames tickling at the lean carcass of a rabbit suspended on a willow spit .
all the meat had been cut into thin slices and hung over willow racks .
between the rings they braided vertical supports with stout willow branches , tying the joints with sinew .
he felt a sharp sting in the back of his leg and ignored it , scrambling into a thick stand of willows .
from the temporary cover of the willows he looked back .
a half dozen indians stood at the water 's edge , pointing toward the willows .
he threw it aside and crawled deeper into the willows .
glass crashed through the willows , emerging suddenly at a sandy embankment .
across the channel , another steep embankment led to a thick mass of willows and trees .
there were willows and a few cottonwoods .
when he could stand again he still stayed in the river , walking along the shoreline until he found a good spot to get out - a rocky jetty leading into willows .
glass worked his way carefully through the willows and the cottonwoods behind them , mindful of every step .
willow trees gather around the placid body , concealed in their own conversation .
she did nt even look at the tall willows surrounding her , nor did she care that her fingers and toes were becoming numb from the cold nights air .
willows seemed to gather around the area like a wall , blocking its viewers from the small area .
there were great willow trees surrounding a utopia of little ponds and small waterfalls .
looking around at the great willows and lily pads , she tried to find an inspiration .
just beyond the quicksand was many willow trees surrounding a small cave .
the long willow branches jumped into action as soon as his feet hit the ground .
triston had been knocked short of breath as the willows branches untwisted from his body , dropping him a good four feet to the ground .
oh , velondra sighed , as she caught herself on the willow tree that sat next to her .
at the bottom of the teardrop , at the edge of the still water , rested a lone willow tree .
at the base of the hill that sloped away from the trees was a small pond and an old willow tree , its branches tickling the surface of the water .
he glided over to the large trunk of the willow tree and hid behind it .
thick trees that resembled willows surrounded the small river only they were different than the ordinary willow tree .
thick trees that resembled willows surrounded the small river only they were different than the ordinary willow tree .
we stroll into agris fantasy land of glistening blue lakes , singing birds , dancing wildflowers , and deep green willow tree slender leaves tickle my nose .
there was a large lake in the middle of the valley that was bordered by huge graceful willows .
an old willow tree stood guard at one end of the pond , its wispy green branches trailing softly over the surface of clear water , moving slightly in the artificial wind pushed out through vents high in the ceiling .
colton knelt down and laid micahs small body against the base of the willow tree next to elenas grave , as if he had simply fallen asleep for a light afternoon nap .
she wanted to get everything over with so she could go back to the dome and sit with colton under the grove willow .
haven and colton had wandered out to the willow tree late one night to pay their respects to elena .
afterward , they ended up sitting at the edge of the teardrop pond under the willow , and colton offered one of his many suggestions on how to create the lights .
he remembers holding a hotdog over the fire on a flimsy willow branch .
in the center , under a layer of dust were letters or words shaped like thin willow sticks .
uncoiling from the branches of a willow tree overhanging the ship , a black snake dropped onto the deck .
shelter , willow has to quickly adapt to the new challenges that shelter life demands .
` ` willow , sebastian , its time to get up . ''
` ` i bet you are excited willow , '' my dad says to me .
she gives me a sad yet proud smile and says , ` ` you are a brave one willow .
` ` no , willow .
you go inside with willow . ''
` ` it 's possible willow .
` ` i did n't take the immunizations willow .
` ` we need to go willow .
it 's okay willow , you need to get dressed though .
that would be great willow .
we ' ve been working hard just to stay afloat all of our lives , but willow , i did n't know that they were going to make the children work for their spaces too ! ''
you know what s really interesting willow ?
what willow says does n't sound too far fetched . ''
` ` in answer to your questions willow : a ) i do n't know how we 'll know what stuff is where ; and b ) we wo n't get caught if no one sees us . ''
` ` oh my gosh , willow , are you okay ?
` ` i ' m so sorry willow , i ' m so sorry . ''
` ` yes , i was so scared willow .
alec , willow , my dad says curtly before sitting back down in his appointed seat with his newly filled cup of coffee .
i guess ill be seeing you around willow .
he pulls his hand from mine and says , ` ` i ' m sorry willow . ''
` ` you are really beautiful willow . ''
` ` i ' m so glad you 're feeling better willow ! ''
oh , willow , i m sorry .
scrawled in black pen it says : willow , will you be my girlfriend ?
very good willow , i m so glad you were paying attention , she says sardonically .
not on your birthday , willow i repeat to myself .
hey willow .
` ` i bet they are out there willow .
happy birthday willow .
` ` hey , it does n't look bad willow .
` ` happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear willow , happy birthday to you . ''
just wait it out willow , i tell myself .
` ` what the heck was that willow ? ''
` ` look at me willow . ''
` ` um , are you feeling okay willow ? ''
` ` are you okay willow ? ''
` ` alec can heal really fast and willow can hear people 's thoughts . ''
alec looks at me , ` ` yeah , but willow has community service . ''
` ` oh , by the way , i have a present for you sug ... willow . ''
` ` crap , hide willow . ''
um , i was just escorting willow home . ''
` ` truth willow . ''
` ` okay willow .
this is truly amazing willow . ''
` ` do n't play coy with me willow .
` ` that was such an impassioned plea willow !
alec must have the same feeling because he turns and whispers in my ear , ` ` run willow .
if you believe you have seen willow mosby please report her through the emergency app on your tablet .
chill out willow , chill out .
think , willow think ...
his frame plowed another few yards forward until a slender willow tree quite firmly stopped his momentum .
blinking away the stars and tears of pain , ambori grabbed the willow that his now numb legs were wrapped around and gingerly forced himself to his feet .
it was very difficult to keep moving at first , what with the wind completely knocked out of him from the fall and his manhood mashed into his pelvic bone by the willow tree .
we had the misfortune of having a full - grown willow tree in our front yard , which he eventually incorporated into our punishments .
the elves were slight creatures , their frames tall and thin like the branches on a willow tree , skin and hair the color of silver dust , and eyes as deep blue as the sea .
landing amongst a patch of roses sheltered behind a willow tree .
it sweeps beneath the willows curtain of hanging fronds , its roof clattering like machinegun fire .
it began to pour , and i took refuge under a willow by the side of the road .
a lone hammock calls my name , hanging from a weeping willow just off the garden .
captain pete stopped the boat along the riverbank under the shade of some sprawling willows .
noah crumbled into a blubbering mass under the whispering boughs of a willow .
meet up at the jeeps around seven - thirty and you ll be taken out to dock from willows anchorage , our own private pier .
he said good evening and climbed behind the wheel of the jeep , waiting for one other to arrive before heading out to willows anchorage .
on the other side of the canyon ridge , willows anchorage , the private pier of the resort , came into view .
crossing to a weeping willow , i hid in the long overhanging branches and peeked around the trunk to catch another glimpse through the glass .
my nails dug into the bark of the willow , and my heart knocked against the base of my throat .
leaning slightly to the side , i gazed past julian and spotted marie carrying a scalding pot of coffee and a tray of buns to the table under the willow tree .
i shook my head and looked over to where she and willow were standing , openly laughing at me .
i looked at willow .
across from us were petunia , river , petals , ridge , willow , and clay .
if anyone has to worry about that its you , blue , willow blurted out .
it just kind of came out before i even knew i was saying it , willow apologized .
maybe that is something you could help her with when you move back home , willow suggested and reached over to rub rosebuds shoulder .
holly , willow , ash , and clay were across from them .
holly and willow put their fingers out at the same time and began touching it .
rosemary is the new coral , willow whispered .
pet 1 , pet 2 , and willow , because holly does nt do anything without willow , lily added .
as i started scanning through the library , willow looked over my shoulder .
all the same selections i have , willow noted .
i could nt get hold of willow , plus i was starting to feel a bit desperate , so i stopped trying to think of who the next person i could message was .
neither said a word as they broke through the remaining grass fringe that encircled the stand of pine , willow and water oaks .
it poked a broken , moss - covered side from a moldy hillock set close into a nest of young willow trees .
another path split off to the left to lead over to a koi pond underneath a weeping willow tree .
the flat , open plain they had been walking through this afternoon did not provide much shelter , but a short way off they spotted the outline of a large willow tree , its flowing branches tossing violently in the wind and rain .
andy and alden reached the willow and circled its base looking for footing to climb up .
you take the branch next the willow stump , i blieve ; or else the branch by the gopher holes ; or else -- wo nt any of em do , miss ?
this is my partner , detective willows , he says , indicating to the shorter man beside him .
detective willows asks .
other works by krystal george include : the witches lottery ( enchanted island series book 1 ) , a dragon forsaken ( enchanted island series book 2 ) , the willows , and guardian of the realm : a faerie tale coming soon : the goblins daughter ( enchanted island series book 3 ) if you like this anthology please check out pleasant dreams and miraculous : tales of the unknown beastly heather kirchhoff 2013 by heather kirchhoff i glared out at the small town were nearing .
she was very obviously out of place , with her tailored pants tucked into high black boots and a tightly woven willow brim hat , but she held her head high and allowed only her eyes to turn to the side , trying to catch a glimpse of their tribe .
the street behind her disappeared behind waving willows and swags of trumpet vines .
the days heat was upon her , pushing down through the shade of the willow and lifting up from the packed earth .
what was before a graceful curtain of willow branches had become a stifling shroud .
however , having sat bolt upright on the sofa that morning after being on the receiving end of the flat side of a solid piece of willow , my actual face , not my dream one , stung so much with the effect of the blow that i felt my lips swell up , my eyes begin to close and my mouth fill with the warm , metallic taste of blood .
in his lap laid a hat with a copper coin or two and a harp made of willow , with silver strings .
although i bet you used to have some fun on willow farm though .
cover design by robin ludwig design inc . http : //www.gobookcoverdesign.com/ table of contents chapter 1 - the witches of southwick manor chapter 2 - the party chapter 3 - toil and trouble chapter 4 - bunches and barrels chapter 5 - the faker chapter 6 - school for ghouls chapter 7 - chase chapter 8 - dokkaebi - napped chapter 9 - the neutral zone chapter 10 - the crystal cave chapter 11 - the ball chapter 12 - the arena chapter 13 - what dreams may come chapter 14 - the devil within chapter 15 - saved by wolves chapter 16 - the deadlands bonus : declans point of view - the party the deadlands : chapter 1 chapter 1 the witches of southwick manor oh willow !
oh willow , pertussia scolded , putting her hands on her hips .
willow just smirked , thinking how funny it was that when pertussia tried to sound upset , it still came across as being dulcet and sweet .
a dainty hand touched her shoulder and willow gazed up into soft , beautiful green eyes .
happy birthday willow , she said softly , smiling radiantly .
at this angle , willow could see soft freckles dusting the tops of her pink cheeks and she felt the sting of jealously at the beauty of her sister .
pertussia was above willow in rank and power .
as a first degree witch in the southwick coven , willows powers were not fully developed , not by a long shot .
come , willow , pertussia persisted .
we still have a bit of shopping to do , you know , she grinned waving her hand and fluttered out of the room as if she were walking on air , letting willow get ready for the day .
the only dress willow owned was not a dress at all .
after putting on her casual attire , willow headed to the bathroom .
upset that something as remedial as changing her image would cause such a reaction , willow angrily called upon her magic once more , not sure if healing would work without an elixir potion .
her skin looked perfect , and willow wondered whether she had even been cut in the first place , or if it had been her imagination running wild again .
feeling both cocky and satisfied , willow finished her morning routine to get ready for the day .
even though willow technically had no family , she called the other witches in the coven her older sisters .
her big blue eyes fell on willow and softened a little , but not by much .
it looked like at the moment , pandora would be cordial as today was willows big day .
she never approved of willows jeans and t - shirts , insisting she should wear a gown and cloak .
but willow was nt born in colonial times , was over 100 years old , and adamantly refused every time it was suggested .
its nice to see you too , dora , willow smiled condescendingly as pandora narrowed her eyes in a hateful glare .
according to the sisters , willow was extremely valuable among the magic casters .
what that meant , she had no idea , and they never elaborated on it , even with willows relentless begging and bribing .
happy birthday , willow , portia - anna came up to her and gave her a big hug .
she often pulled silly pranks on her , with willows enthusiastic participation , of course .
it was probably the reason why willow liked her so much .
thank you , willow said and stood back watching the seconds closely , then batted her eyelashes .
so she said as lovingly and with as much emphasis as possible , since its my birthday and all , i was thinking now would be a great time to tell me what my talisman is -- not a chance , willow , pandora cut her off instantly and adjusted the brooch to the cloak near her neck .
oh , come on , willow whined , i know you all know what it is .
there was a loud gasp and willow turned to see pertussias hand covering her mouth in shock .
oh , darling , pertussia said and looked at willow like she was a stranger , hekate is the head prophesier !
we just do nt worship the ground she walks on like you do , she looked back at willow and smirked .
our willow here is just curious .
happy birthday willow rose !
portia - anna laughed and put her arm around willows shoulder as they both followed pertussia into the yard .
remind me to ask you later , willow responded as they caught up to the others .
the black gate to the manor house was directly in front of willow .
willow had a small , designated section of rose bushes that she liked to go to think , tend , and smell her favorite flower : brilliant , stark white roses .
she did nt expect a big turn - out tonight , and willow really did nt want people fawning over her like a celebrity .
they had several young warlocks , whom portia - anna always tried to talk about , but willow was nt in the mood .
she flipped her purple hair behind her back and winked at willow suggestively , how about it , willow ?
portia - anna exclaimed and willow did nt say anything in response .
declan and his preppy group of warlocks would surely be there , and willow was nt looking forward to it .
her sisters were sweet , but deep down willow knew he had a right to be arrogant .
give him a chance , dear , pertussia encouraged , but willow simply could nt .
declan got the spell exactly right and managed to change a black cat to white with green polka dots , and the spell willow thought was right did nt do anything but make the cat keel over to sleep .
declan made fun of her saying , wow , willow tree , brains really are nt everything , because in your case , they re nothing .
willow tree .
willow tree ?
of course , willow was the only one in normal looking clothes , and she smiled when they received several shocked stares from humans as they passed them by .
okay , willow , she said holding them up for her to see and smiling slyly , hot slut or tea party princess ?
it was willows size , perfect , and absolutely stunning .
she purchased it ( willingly ) for her , as well as some short satin heels to match , and willow left the store in high spirits as she received yet another extravagant gift for her birthday .
her gaze then caught willows and her small eyes grew wide .
so this is the precious willow rose i ve heard so many stories about .
she was a good friend of willows , even though she only saw her every so often .
dromeda addressed willow jovially .
somehow in the back of willows mind , she felt like something horrible would happen ; a gloomy foreboding was constantly nagging her .
someone huffed beside willow .
portia - anna looked at willow with raised eyebrows and shrugged .
pandora did a fancy arm swirl and willows dress and accessories disappeared .
it was willows home , where she belonged , with the witches of the southwick coven .
her magic would be doubled , and soon , willow would be just as powerful as her sisters .
chapter 2 the party a small tapping on willows door could only mean one person - pertussia .
she was breathtaking , but was looking at willow as if she were the beautiful one .
oh willow , dear , she said and put both hands on her cheeks , you look beautiful , love .
she took willows hair and tucked it behind her ears in a loving gesture .
yes , it is time , pertussia took willows hands in hers and regarded her carefully .
she would let willow make her grand entrance alone .
tonight , it is my greatest pleasure to introduce you to our first degree of the southwick manor , the beautiful , enchanting , willow rose !
smiles and greetings met her , and she was swiftly ushered to the ballroom by pandora , who held willows arm firmly , somehow knowing she needed an anchor to keep her stable .
she caught willows stunned expression and shook her butt , laughing at her .
hanging from the ceiling in long vines were white flowers , mostly roses and hydrangeas , willows favorite .
it was hexed to look like the real sky , but willow felt like she had walked straight into an enchanting dream .
where no one was before , hekate suddenly appeared on the platform and willow gasped in surprise , as anyone would upon seeing the head prophesier .
as if knowing willow was thinking of her , hekate caught her gaze and curled a corner of her mouth .
as they sat , portia - anna and pertussia approached willow .
her sisters and willow sat at the table so they could see the guests in front of them .
then , her advanced training in magic would finally begin , and willow would get to learn all sorts of interesting , intrinsic spells .
the road to becoming a second was challenging and vigorous , but willow had waited for this moment since she was a little witch .
witches and warlocks take their talismans very seriously indeed , and willow vowed to guard hers with her life .
his eyebrows rose slightly as he regarded willow with a cool arrogance .
murmurs of awes and how sweet reached her ears and willow looked around awkwardly to find that several other witches and warlocks had stopped their conversations beside them to watch .
gritting her teeth and attempting a smile , she said back formally , it would be my pleasure , several more awes came from the witches and willow had to stop herself from rolling her eyes .
he began moving and twirling willow across the dance floor .
his lips tickled her ear as he finally guided willow out of the center of the floor towards the edge .
feeling like she was on top of the world , willow spotted belinda by the punch bowl , and made her way over to do what she had originally intended to do before declan so rudely interrupted her .
belinda knew willow hated declan aldridge , and willow was sure belinda watched them the entire time they danced , probably in amusement .
when willow looked closer , the silver hooked talisman had a faint gray color that was slowly spreading over her talisman .
but willow did nt detect any strangeness to the drink .
as willow started walking around , she noticed several other witches talismans had the same misty gray color in them .
most of the warlocks did nt seem fazed or even noticed anything was happening , as she only counted a few affected witches in the darker corners , but willow could nt shake the feeling that something was nt right .
he asked crossing his arms as willow put her hands on her hips .
the honorary willow tree is requesting my presence .
geez , willow , declan said adjusting his waistcoat , and pushing his bangs away from his eyes , if you really wanted to get me alone , you could ve just said so .
declan , somethings wrong , willow said panicky , ignoring his little comment and the way he smiled so conceitedly .
you re right , willow , he said .
she reminded willow of a ghost .
chapter 3 toil and trouble hekate guided willow along the stone path that twisted and winded through the gardens .
hekate walked to willows rose garden and turned around in front of the small bench that she usually sat on for thinking .
the hedges were taller here and willow could hear the trickling of a small fountain in the distance as well as the faint sounds of music being played .
disrupting her thoughts , hekate asked , do you know your purpose in this world , willow rose ?
the same as any witch , your highness , willow responded , her voice coming out more even and confident than she felt .
i do nt save everyone , hekate said firmly and looked away from willow .
stuttering , willow asked , wh - wh - what did you say ?
the memories of willows earlier incident in the bathroom rushed back to her .
then , she turned back to willow .
she knew hekate was beyond her in power and skill , but all willow felt was anger and hate bubbling in her gut .
destined for only willow !
there was a prophesy foretold long ago that one day someone will take my place , hekate continued without acknowledging willows inner struggle to remain calm , a healer , as it were .
the magic in you is beyond me , she sneered , but trust me when i say this , i would have killed you , willow rose .
you catch on quickly , willow rose , hekate said and adjusted her dress as if having a dozen souls locked within an enchanted box meant nothing to her .
hekate waved her hands in the air and willow was immediately wrapped in a vortex of wind .
she said this as a rushing chill of terror cascaded down willows spine .
as if remembering she was still there , hekate cast her hateful gaze upon willow .
she was just as trapped as those souls in pandoras box , but willow refused to cower .
the wind raised willow up on her feet and no matter how much she tried clenching her jaw , her mouth was forced to open .
she was stealing willows essence .
rushing feet echoed in willows dizziness as she tried to remain coherent .
hekate was halfway through the extraction process and willow was laid completely paralyzed in the scratchy grass , her body a splintering , tangled mess .
hekate blasted red fire at whoever it was that came , and soon ashes fell all around willow like snow as a loud electric sound vibrated and popped in the air .
when hekate released the shield on her , it allowed willow to tap into her internal healing magic .
her broken bones were mending together and willow wanted to scream and yell in pain , but she could nt .
do nt worry , willow , ill get you out of here , the voice said shakily and whistled softly .
as if hekate sensed willow was nt in the garden anymore , a great scream filled the night .
his deep colored bangs fell in his forehead as he leaned over her , adjusting willow to a sitting position .
ill take that as a compliment , willow said and settled back into the soft pillows .
mom , this is willow trei mean , willow rose , declan said and looked at her , humor lighting his face .
mom , this is willow trei mean , willow rose , declan said and looked at her , humor lighting his face .
its great to meet you , finally , willow , millicent said in a soft voice .
she wore a dress of white linen just as willows sisters preferred , and sadness overcame her .
he turned his stormy gaze upon willow and she shrunk inwardly as he briefly nodded , regarding her as if she were a fly on the wall .
he turned to leave , leaving willow stunned .
declan followed his father out of the door leaving willow with millicent .
ill show you to the bathroom where you can take a quick shower , she started moving away from willow still holding the clothes in her hands .
she left her to shower , and willow took a brief moment assess herself .
once dressed , willow made her way to the main living room .
everyone was just staring at her , assessing willow with their judgmental expressions .
her future was uncertain , and as she watched the warlocks before her , their features dark and questioning , willow knew that she was nt safe .
chapter 4 bunches and barrels the green fire heated willows face and dried her hair as she sat on the floor facing the warlocks around her .
upon further observation , willow saw that most of the warlocks had the same symbol marked somewhere on their bodies as well .
she attempted to extract willows life , but failed , thanks to you , my brethren .
her goal unfortunately was focused on willow , who is much more than she seems , emersons eyes flicked to her .
it turns out that willow rose of the southwick coven is a healer .
the people in the room who did not know this information immediately began whispering and looking towards willows direction with questioning eyes and bewildered expressions .
bypassing the table and emersons raised brow , he stopped in front of willow and regarded her carefully .
the wound was still seeping dark blood , and willows stomach heaved with nausea at the sight .
literally sick of people judging her and thinking she was nt good enough , willow stood to her feet defiantly .
being careful not to touch the wound , willow held the back of his hand within both her palms .
ignoring him , willow looked closer at the wound .
bane stepped back and looked down at willow in pure astonishment .
emerson came to stand beside willow forcing attention to turn on him , rather than the gawking , incredulous stares she was receiving .
the others who were left just stared at willow like she was a freak .
i do nt understand , willow said , she was the only one who could give it to me .
i think so , willow said hesitantly , but i still do nt know where my talisman could be .
he quickly looked at willow before turning to his father .
well , i -- willow tried protesting but was silenced when declan shot her a dangerous look .
in any case , willow found herself being shuffled out of the room by millicent , who gave her a backpack .
i think i m missing something , willow said when millicent handed her the bag .
that was all she said , leaving willow even more confused .
ten minutes into the ride , willow could nt take the silence anymore .
declan seemed distant and curt , which was how he always was , but willow could nt help but press him further .
they started to descend , and willow saw lights from a small city illuminating the night sky .
the intricate belt had various items dangling from it : ginger , flowers , small bottles , and to willows surprise , a small cage with a cockroach in it .
her eyes glanced over everyone , lingering slightly longer on willow .
when it was willows turn , the beautiful seeker gave her a comforting hug and kissed both her cheeks making willows face burn red .
when it was willows turn , the beautiful seeker gave her a comforting hug and kissed both her cheeks making willows face burn red .
its an honor to meet you , willow rose , she whispered in her ear and then floated away to lead the men to the living room .
the cottage was not at all what willow would have pictured for a seekers home .
declan came behind willow to take her backpack off her and sat it down by the couch .
she looked like she knew something willow did nt .
seeker , emerson said after everyone was seated , we need to know where to find willows talisman .
and you know there s always a price for information such as this willows heart sunk .
the oracle , carmela said looking at willow , will tell me what i seek .
i ve already seen glimpses of your future , willow rose .
the lights turned back on and willow was now shaking .
the strange chant kept repeating in willows mind over and over and over again .
i m assuming willow is one of them .
bane nodded and willow looked to him .
yes , carmela said and glanced at willow slyly .
she opened willows backpack and placed them in it .
things were happening so fast willow wanted to scream her lungs out .
declan came by willows side as she fumbled putting the backpack back on .
she pushed and shoved willow towards the curtain , making her trip over her heavy feet .
before she knew what was happening , willow was thrown through the curtain .
beyond the vortex , willow saw thick , dense trees .
the breeze picked up sending chills down willows spine .
willow looked all around and only saw dark forest .
even though it was a total waste of mental energy , willow tried to imagine she was in a safe place , even though she knew she was nt .
we just got here , willow said , but hurriedly followed after him .
the undergrowth of the forest was dense and willow had already fallen several times skinning her hands and knees .
maybe you should nt have entered the portal , willow told him bleakly when declan cursed at another vine .
if bane were here willow muttered under her breath .
sometimes , willow would steer declan a different way , just by her feelings alone .
without thinking , willow took off running .
it was weird , how all of a sudden a clear spot appeared , but willow knew without a doubt that the river was beyond that .
what willow heard now was nt the sound of rushing water at all .
stop calling me willow tree !
willow turned just as a large tree branch whipped around and crashed hard into her abdomen before she could even react .
declan , willow moaned .
look at yourself willow , declan said worried , what could be worse than that !
lets see , i helped rescue you from hekate , i chopped down all those vines and branches to make a better path for you , and i caught you from falling to your death from the crazy willow tree .
you could ve been killed willow .
it really is a willow tree , she thought out loud watching the long branches and the wispy leaves flowing from them .
a willow tree , declan said shaking his head .
how was i supposed to know that i was in danger of an actual willow tree ?
but then i saw the tree and i panicked willow stood too and brushed herself off .
old man willow got you beat ?
declan yelled drawing his sword and pushing willow behind him , away from the direction of the voice .
willow whipped her head up and searched the trees .
he knows i m a healer , dec , willow reasoned , what if he knows something ?
the faker flapped its wings to meet willow and declan at eye level .
of course , it was rather exciting to come across you when old man willow was having his fun .
i bet its a lovely name , willow prompted .
actually its not a very attractive name , the faker said , making willow jump again .
how he did that without a nose , willow could nt figure .
willows feet burned in agony and she longed to stop and rest , but duffy took them through narrow paths that twisted and winded through the trees .
willow was still wearing the dark green t - shirt and jeans millicent gave her .
the t - shirt was still stained with her blood and had holes in it from where old man willow attacked her .
duffy , willow said louder .
a shiver cascaded down willows spine .
declan , willow shivered again and closed her eyes briefly .
gazing into his dreamy hazel eyes , in the quiet of the woods , with the promise of danger close , and following a creature that could possibly lead them astray , willow believed him .
duffy was barely visible in front of willow , and she was beginning to think he was wearing them out on purpose .
we have to stop , willow said finally .
the blood looked fresh , and willow was itching to heal him .
the fear it brought willow just by looking at them made her blood run cold .
turning to willow and declan , duffy put a small paw to his lips in a gesture to be quiet .
i m not safe anyways , willow muttered .
thank you duffy , willow said .
willow leaned up against a tree , exhaustion tugging at her .
declan , willow hissed behind him .
i do nt know what your problem is , willow complained .
the wound declan received earlier today from old man willow was still bleeding , his shirt was soaking wet with blood .
but not for willow .
willow leaned her head back against the tree and no matter how much she willed her eyes to focus , they slowly closed , and she fell peacefully into a deep , dreamless sleep the smell of death alerted her to a presence close by .
bushes rustled and parted right in front of her and willow had no time to react before five ghouls parted the sea of tall branches out of the way .
they spotted her immediately and their black eyes zeroed in on willow and declan .
they did nt have to fight willow .
the ghoul carrying willow spoke up .
mmm , she does smell rather scrumptious , the ghoul said and poked willow in the leg .
they continued to walk through the everwild until willow saw a faint light ahead of them .
just try to untie our hands while i think of something , willow whispered .
he pointed towards willow and declan .
a sudden breeze filled the air with the stench of death that almost made willow vomit .
she narrowed her eyes at willow .
if you chop us up , willow said quickly thinking , trying to keep her voice even , one of you will not be eating tonight .
two heads , four arms , four legs , two middles , willow said .
gnatha snarled at willow mulling over willows words carefully .
gnatha snarled at willow mulling over willows words carefully .
she spoke softly as she addressed willow , her eyes sparking with hope at the prospect of gaining magic .
gnatha attacked the ghoul with a shriek so loud it pierced willows ears .
chaos was all around willow and declan .
declan jumped over them making willow trip over the ghouls .
he continued to hold her hand , and to willows surprise , weaved his fingers through hers as they continued at a slower pace .
he was breathing heavily and was wet from sweating , but willows face burst with heat at the pressure of his body on hers .
i prefer willow , thank you very much .
willow rolled her eyes just as her stomach did the little twirling thing again and looked forward towards the unbeaten path , trying to remain focused on the journey ahead , and not on the warlock beside her .
chapter 7 chase declan and willow did nt talk much as they traveled well into the night and into the early morning hours .
a couple times , declan would nudge willow in the shoulder playfully and ask if she was still awake , to which willow would reply , oh .
a couple times , declan would nudge willow in the shoulder playfully and ask if she was still awake , to which willow would reply , oh .
or get our hopes up and then get eaten by bloodthirsty ghouls , willow interjected .
they were down to one water bottle , and willow was tempted to try the river water .
declan took willows arms and pulled her away from the river .
willows eyes roamed the forest but she saw nothing .
before willow could protest , declan clutched her at the waist and hoisted her up in the air like she weighed nothing .
willow was not exactly a nature girl and she was already getting poked from the jutting twigs and leaves .
i m not out of shape , willow tree , he said barely breathing heavy .
yeah , declan said and he and willow sat together about fifteen feet above the ground .
willow flinched and the branch rocked slightly by the movement .
they were spread out sporadically through the area , so willow could nt count how many there were .
they seemed to have no interest in willow or declan .
willow and declan stayed in the tree until the rain stopped .
even after he removed his hand with a slight frown , willow could still feel the prickly sensations he left on her skin .
its okay , willow cooed softly and held her hands out .
timidly , willow reached for the wolf .
it did nt look good at all , but willow was nt squeamish anymore about the sight of blood .
he had the decency to hide behind a bush to block his lower half , and willow stopped squirming in declans arms , mouth gaping at the gorgeous sight .
the mans eyes met willows and brightened mischievously .
even though i do heal quickly , somehow the idea of your hands all over me is not something i can pass up , the werewolf smirked with a heated look in his eyes towards willow .
just take them , declan muttered and looked at willow .
a thought popped into willows head .
he s not my boyfriend , willow said immediately as the werewolf stepped out from the bush .
he was tall and broad and willow saw him favoring his left leg .
it was a nasty injury and willow found her arm already reaching out to him , the tingling sensation coursing through her fingertips at the ready .
the werewolf sat on the ground and waited patiently for willow .
ca nt breathe , willow laughed .
i mean , come on , willow , i know you re smarter than that !
an awkward silence followed willows outburst .
tears swelled in willows eyes .
declan saw willow about to burst into tears and stepped up to her , but the werewolf got there first .
he towered in front of willow blocking her view of declan .
yeah , she likes being called willow too , declan said mockingly and came to stand near them .
his face was so flawless , that willow could nt take her eyes from him .
looking forward to it , willow said non - enthusiastically .
chapter 8 dokkaebi - napped willow did nt know what was worse , chases flirtatiousness or declans indifference .
he could understand everything willow said when she tried healing him earlier , which seemed quite hilarious to him .
when declan moved to stand beside her , willow could nt have been more relieved .
he shifted halfway in front of willow and signaled with his hand in front of him sarcastically .
chase wound his hand up in a fist and declan was willing and waiting for the opportunity to put this werewolf in his place when willow stepped right in between the two and shoved them apart with all of her might .
both guys eyebrows shot up in question , caught off by her words , which is what willow wanted : distraction .
next , willow turned to declan and stared hard into his eyes , trying not to let her voice give away any emotion she was now feeling towards him , which was jittery , excitement , and ( she had to admit ) , love struck .
there s more to her than you think , declan said smiling and giving willow a quick approval with his eyes .
he did nt want to look bad in front of his order if he did nt protect willow to the best of his ability .
willow was grateful for the rest , however , and situated herself against an everwild tree with smoother looking bark .
told you i would come in handy , healer , chase winked at willow .
yeah , okay , willow rolled her eyes , i do nt know whether to laugh at you or pity you .
the idea of kissing declan made willow instinctively look down at his lips .
umgoodnight willow .
after what seemed like forever , willow finally dozed off willow shivered , the feel of spindly foliage scratching at her legs and arms .
after what seemed like forever , willow finally dozed off willow shivered , the feel of spindly foliage scratching at her legs and arms .
halfheartedly , willow opened her eyes , and then snapped awake .
what emerged from the tunnel was a sight that willow would never forget .
they were small , but there were so many willow could nt count , like a sea of strange faces staring at her .
the leader regarded willow curiously and then spoke to his minions in a strange language .
he turned back to willow .
a great roar bellowed from the pit and masked willows screams .
the dokkaebi devils shrunk back in fear and trembled looking between the dragons mouth and willow .
tears streamed down willows face .
the dokkaebi holding willow slowly advanced to the dragons mouth .
the dokkaebi holding willow would not let her go and they began whisking her away towards another tunnel .
the dokkaebi screamed and dropped willow to the ground running away screaming madly .
declans breathing was heavy from carrying willow , who could only look behind her at the incredible damage of the cave - in .
dust swirled around them from the collapse making willow cough and sneeze .
i wish i was nt so attractive , willow sighed .
and alsohis shorts are in there declan trailed off , letting willow fill in the blanks .
i m sorry for -- willow held up a hand .
well if their idea of mischief is taking my willow away from me , and feeding her to a goddamn dragon then that s bullshit ! ! !
and then willow was ripped from her vision and back to where she stood .
you re speaking in code again , willow said .
now , it was willows turn for her cheeks to heat up .
they were getting low on supplies , and once again , willow found herself munching on an energy bar .
chases observation unsettled willow .
hey , you called me willow .
stenches of cooked meat and fresh bread billowed out of the tall chimney and willows mouth instantly watered .
chase turned to look at declan and willow .
the smell of evergreen , wood , and apple spice filled willows nostrils .
the goblin narrowed his eyes at willow and she instinctively cringed into declans side .
the goblin asked him curiously , and then glanced at willow again sneering .
he was nt human , warlock or werewolf , but willow gulped when she saw his pointed ears .
just then , the man behind the counter noticed declan and willow .
alex glanced between chase and declan , and then looked past them at willow .
his green eyes sparkled extraordinarily at her , and once again , willow felt vulnerable under their strange stares .
instantly , willow was wrapped up in the hypnotic beat of the music pumping through the speakers .
the vampire looked at her with interest and then smiled , revealing sharp canines protruding from his mouth , reminding willow of what he was and filling her with dread and something else that shocked herdesire .
the vampire watched willow watching declan and then turned to her .
his pupils dilated and willow felt an overwhelming urge to kiss him .
without meaning to , willow felt her hand come up and rub his teeth , ending at the point .
he sucked on her finger and willow leaned in closer to him , allowing his warm tongue to caress , swirl , and flick all over the tip of her finger .
he pulled willows fingers away from his mouth , to her despair .
the vampire still held willows wrist in his hand and she used her other hand to caress his face , wanting the vampires attention again .
they were filled with anger and willow cringed back .
the vampire flew from the seat and left willow alone , her heart felt like it had ripped from her chest .
no , willow tree , the voice said in her ear .
oh , declan , willow sighed in pleasure .
he was so lean and tall and beautiful , willow did nt want to let go .
i want you too , willow prompted and looked to the girls at the bar .
he quickly opened it and shoved willow in the room , closing the door behind him .
quietly , but knowing he heard her , willow asked him the question that had been burning in her mind for a while .
the way you -- - declan stopped himself and turned his full front to her , willow instinctively looked at his abs .
i m sorry , willow , declan said .
declan guided willow to the bed and tucked her beneath the covers .
in the darkness of the bedroom , in a cabin in the middle of the dangerous everwild , willow felt safe in declans arms .
but willow cried harder when she realized that tonight was all she would ever have .
chapter 10 the crystal cave the next morning at breakfast , willow sat across from declan .
willow topped off the delicious meal with a large glass of orange juice .
chase had bartered for new clothes for them , ( willow did nt even wan na know how ) , and so she had a fresh pair of jeans and a plain , but flattering white t - shirt .
chase looked up after a while and regarded willow and declan curiously .
chase said and winked at willow .
declans mood really bothered willow .
oh , he could deny it all he wanted now , but willow remembered every single detail of last night .
acting dumb and playing along with declans crazy idea that she was under some sort of lovesick desperate trance , willow decided to shelter her feelings about him until he admitted his feelings for her .
i said i m fine , willow , okay ?
the sound of a whirring arrow zinged past willow and hit chase on his calf .
chase whipped around and blocked willow and chase with his body .
as chase and eeydyn were talking and battling it out , willow felt declans arm run down her forearm and grip her hand .
declan looked at willow and back at eeydyn whose eyebrows shot up .
as they walked out of the neutral zone and gathered together around a patch of grass , willow found declan surrounded by fey hunters with his hands still tied behind his back .
the fey hunters did nt put silver twine around willow , but they still stood idly by just in case she was to take off .
trying to be strong , willow refused to let the tears in her eyes fall .
you re not doing this alone , willow , declan said defiantly , his eyes blazing .
how gallant of you , a fairy hunter mocked him and pushed him away from willow .
the fey warriors disappeared right in front of willow .
the ones holding chase vanished before her , leaving only those that were with declan and then eeydyn and willow .
grab my arm willow rose , my king is very anxious to meet you .
just do it already , willow snapped .
instantly , willow was wrapped in a spinning current of wind .
the mist hit willows face as she took in the beauty of the falls .
it took a moment for her eyes to adjust , but willow soon realized that this cave was not a cave at all .
whatever , willow said under her breath when eeydyn opened the massive oak doors to the palace .
he was graceful , but looked upon willow with shining black eyes .
the next thing she saw threw willow for a complete loop .
welcome to my court , willow rose .
queen eclipsia looked down coldly upon willow .
a spike of pain hit willow at that comment .
her attitude was really starting to anger willow .
a loyal friend , willow said without pausing .
but willow started to protest , but the king and queen had vanished .
chapter 11 the ball kalista led willow to a large bedroom .
ready her for the ball , kalista ordered the women , who nodded and regarded willow like she looked hideous .
perhaps the queen just put it on when willow arrived and took it off shortly afterwards .
willow entered the great hall , which had transformed into a lush garden .
when willow walked past a free standing cherry tree , a nymph with fire red hair stepped out of the tree to go dance with the others .
i just arrived , willow said as if that explained it .
holding her tongue ( and her pride ) , willow placed her hand in his and he easily guided her to the grassy dance area .
he looked around and led willow to the edge of the dance floor , so they could have some privacy , but wandering eyes still followed them .
heart pounding , willow wrapped her arms around his neck and stepped into him , slowly massaging the nape of his neck and smiling at him .
willows belly erupted in fire as she looked into his eyes that reflected the yellows and greens of their surrounding .
i mean , come on , willow , declan said frustrated and began pacing and listing off all the other things he thought about her .
but he s pretty attractive , so its kind of hard to resist his charms , and -- willow stopped her rant when declan rushed up to her and wrapped her in his arms quickly leaning down and crushing her lips to his .
the kiss was liquid fire and willow completely melted into him .
all willow could do was feel as declan continued his assault on her mouth .
if willow was water , shed be in a puddle at his feet .
i thought you hated me , willow said .
guess not , willow shrugged and smiled .
declan stepped in front of willow .
declans face turned pale and willows heart thudded in her chest in fear .
send for kalista to take willow to one of the guest rooms .
they evaporated into thin air and left willow with a gaping hole in her heart .
kalista approached willow with her head bowed and her hands folded together .
come with me , my lady , she said softly and turned around expecting willow to follow .
as soon as willow made it to the bedroom she was supposed to sleep in , she tried to take her gown off by herself , but she could nt get to the zipper in the back , so she ended up ripping it .
it was so quiet that willow thought she was imagining it .
the sparkles on willows dress cast an eerie glow on the walls from the reflection of the flames .
between kisses , willow reprimanded him .
declan called out reassurances to her but they were only drowned out by willows calls for him in the blackness of the prison .
in less than five minutes , willow was thrown back in her room , two guards stationed at her door .
chapter 12 the arena willow woke up to a hard , cold floor .
declan spotted her instantly , and as their eyes connected , willows heart skyrocketed in her chest .
he gave her a small smile , trying to look confident , but willow could tell he was scared .
declan aldridge , son of emerson aldridge , head warlock of the emerald circle had chosen to fight the angont in place of the healer , willow rose .
by the end of the kings speech , and knowing the exact details of the challenge , tears were streaming down willows face .
with one last glance back at willow , declan declared .
willow called for him , but again saw green lightening through the mist and knew that he was still alive .
he ducked behind a boulder and out of willows vision .
he stomped his feet , which sent vibrations in the earth that willow could actually feel .
declan would have to come up with a different strategy , and soon , because the water in willows cage was filling up faster than imaginable .
the water kept filling up the box and willow gulped in one last , deep breath .
its okay , willow , declan said hoarsely .
still feeling the burn at the back of her throat , willow said , let me heal , you , dec . do nt even say no or ill kick your butt .
you needed it before , willow groaned and called upon her magic .
no , dec , willow said , you saved me .
upon further analysis , willow saw that the entire stadium had evacuated and the fey people were nowhere to be seen .
it also seems that hekate has misjudged you , as have i. declan stood up with willow , but kept his firm arms around her possessively .
now as the fey are both a loyal and noble people , i ask for willows talisman , as was promised if i won .
finally , the king waved his hand and suddenly , willow felt a small weight on her wrist .
the guards led willow and declan back to the mountain castle , through corridor upon corridor , twisting turns and marbled halls .
the guards stopped at a door to a large bedroom , a different room than what willow was in before , and let them in .
somehow , willow felt she was being imprisoned again .
you have my heart willow .
when their lips collided , willow let out all her insecurities she felt about herself and her growing love for declan .
declan lifted willow by the waist , never breaking the kiss , and walked back into the room where he dumped them on the bed .
before things could get too serious , declan stopped the make out session and just held willow on the bed , hugging her and playing with her hair .
okay , here we go willow sat up and concentrated , thinking of her clothes changing from the little outfit she was put in , to something normal and comfortable .
i m with you , willow said and snuggled closer to declan , who started playing with her hair again .
goodnight , dec , willow said and gave him a sweet , tender kiss on the lips .
sleep well , willow tree , he whispered softly in her ear .
a stab of hurt penetrated through willow as she watched her favorite sister tidying the already immaculate room .
did she really feel like willow did nt belong here ?
i have my talis -- willow cut off when she looked at her wrist .
declan , willow thought .
declan was rubbing his hair with a towel when he looked over at the bed , and then paused when he saw willow was awake and staring right at him .
his damp hair curled in the wet and it was so hot willow felt her face heating up .
he cleared his throat loudly and willow stiffened in chases arms .
the first thing out of his mouth almost made willow burst out laughing .
declan and willow exclaimed at the same time .
for the first time in a long time , willow felt free .
he looked at willow before continuing and said , you know , if you re so interested in werewolves , how about you dump this loser and hang out with me ?
finally , willow saw a light at the end of the tunnel .
declan moved to block willow with half his body .
they were communicating through telepathy , and a couple times willow would see a wolf cock his head or nod to another as they listened to each others thoughts .
declan pulled willow along the walls of the hall and after much effort , made it to the exit .
willow asked and allowed declan to pull her deeper into the forest .
as declan and willow climbed over branches and ducked under sticky brambles , the sounds of all fighting had ceased until there was only silence .
if willow summoned her broom , it would return to willow in a matter of minutes , flying through the sky at lightening speed to reach her and they would be able to get out of the everwild for good .
declan backed her up into a tree and willows hand automatically reached up and grabbed his neck , pulling him closer to her , but still she was nt close enough .
declan moaned when she tugged his hair , and willow was suddenly grateful for the trees support .
wait a minute , he said desperately and looked at willow with wide eyes .
willow closed her eyes , wishing she never had in the first place .
the crowd erupted in applause at the happy moment , but all willow could do was cry her heart out .
they noticed her watching them and quickly masked their expressions , but not before willow saw that strange exchange between the two of them .
declans back was now turned to his father , so he rolled his eyes and willow suppressed a smile , but she felt weird .
once emerson left , declan exhaled deeply and then practically flew into the bed with willow .
he twined his fingers through willows .
when you crush me with your body and cut off my air supply , then yes , i d say you definitely took my breath away , willow responded sarcastically .
okay willow said slowly putting the pieces together .
declan stood up and stretched lazily , but before he started to walk away , willow grabbed his arm desperately .
because i could totally stay with you and help you shower just go , declan , willow shoved him and stood out of the bed .
as he crossed his arms ( that were more like small tree trunks ) , he leaned against the frame and regarded willow with narrowed eyes .
but brace yourself , willow rose , because your luck has just run out .
willow declared , shell shocked and frozen in place .
ill tell emerson , willow threatened , ill tell -- willow gasped when bane pressed his hard body into her and wrapped his thick hand around her neck , cutting off her air supply .
ill tell emerson , willow threatened , ill tell -- willow gasped when bane pressed his hard body into her and wrapped his thick hand around her neck , cutting off her air supply .
fighting back the tears that were on the verge of spilling out of her eyes , willow walked towards bane .
bane gripped her upper arm excruciatingly tight and willow bit down on her lips to keep from crying out in pain .
it was clear who caused the damage and willow had never realized how intense declans temper was until this moment .
declan turned to face bane and willow and his eyes brightened instantly upon seeing her .
when willow saw his expression , the only thing she wanted to do was curl up in his arms , let him hold her , and forget about everything .
how nice of you to join us , emerson said not taking his eyes off declan , thank you for escorting willow here .
bane said and finally let go of willows arm .
in fact , he could nt take his eyes off willow .
what will you do with willow ?
we have discovered that hekate not only hid the talisman from willow , but she also displaced the key that will unlock the box of souls that she keeps with her .
the alphas are arriving tonight , bane will take willow to carmela , and i hope to have our boys off the grounds and flying to darkmeer within the hour .
i do not want willow here , then .
bane and willow should be back by the time i m done with the meeting .
and what if willow wants me here ?
just stop , dec , willow said , unable to look at him .
he rubbed his wrists absentmindedly and then lifted his head and locked eyes on willows .
the look he gave her nearly made willow fall to her knees and beg him to forgive her .
thank you for taking willow .
chapter 15 saved by wolves the bright moon blazed white light across the warlocks terrain as bane tugged and pulled willow to the edge of the forest of evergreen trees on the outskirts of emersons domain .
bane fiercely shoved willow backwards and she landed hard on the ground .
willows heart practically exploded from her chest when she looked up and saw five huge wolves standing just at the edge of a line of trees .
its one of our unique abilities , among our other assets , this time , he did look down on willow and smirked a little .
the small trees did nt stand a chance , but willow blew out a shaky breath knowing chase had averted the warlocks directed missile .
that was when willow saw the alphas .
they could jump at least ten feet before landing again and their snarls were so vicious it had willow shaking where she stood .
fear guided willow when she saw the sight and tried running away from everything and into the woods that was mere feet from her .
willow felt the impact of banes magic hit her like the target that she was and the next thing she knew she was being whisked away backwards into the air .
that s why she wants to take willows power .
he screamed and then willow was falling forward with bane right on top of her !
remembering the wolves that were fallen , willow suddenly detached herself from chases hug and rushed up to the first fallen wolf she saw .
it was a sign of loyalty and respect and there was such sweetness to it that willow broke for them even more .
grissom appeared young and spirited , but after seeing him fight so rough , willow figured he could be extremely dangerous .
rambunctious is one way to describe him , willow said and smiled when those around him began laughing .
he looked worn out and aged and willow felt sorry that such a gentle hearted but stern man like emerson had so much stress and responsibility on his hands .
willow and iwere a team , he wrapped an arm around willows shoulders and pulled her into him .
he did nt say anything in return , but willow could feel his seething anger and hurt .
it was the genuine concern and care for her that caused willow to feel so special .
of course chase gave a retort to that , but willow could no longer pay attention because emerson came up to her and drew her away from the wolves .
i can handle it , willow said .
no , willow .
no willow .
a small teardrop fell from willows eyes at emersons encouragement .
how about you just call me willow chase grinned .
last chance oh , do nt worry , willow said .
yes , chase and willow both said simultaneously .
chase , i m leaving willow in your care .
chase looked at willow with the steady confidence he always held .
chapter 16 the deadlands willow saw the familiar produce shop of bunches and barrels and unexpected anticipation pooled in her belly .
she was on their side , or at least , willow thought so .
a part of willow felt grateful that carmela pushed declan through the portal with her .
as soon as willow entered the door , the elven magic struck her , just as it did chase and the wolves behind her .
chases left hand was raised in accusation and he had a permanent scowl on his face , while willow and the wolves were just in running poses .
if willow was thinking clearly , she could ve used her magic to counter and shield what the elf threw at them !
she had big teal colored eyes that reminded willow of the caribbean sea , a narrow face , and was wearing a cotton maroon dress that flowed to the hardwood floor .
byron turned to stare at willow .
the hold on willow instantly released and willow tapped into her magic quickly .
carmela raised an eyebrow , but willow spoke up before carmela could , i will take a look , but know that if you insult me again , i will not be so quick to help .
yet past the beauty of eliranas eyes , willow could see haziness and confusion in them .
elirana nodded slowly as willow placed her hands on the temples of her head .
just as willow tapped into eliranas mind , she felt herself being pulled into eliranas inner being , searching for the cause of her memory loss .
what surprised her was that elirana did nt want willow to heal her .
elirana felt the invasion and purposely threw willow out of her mind .
she did nt want to be helped , and by acknowledging that , somehow countered willows power and stopped her from healing the sore spot in her mind .
there was so much chaos around willow and she did nt know where to look until carmela came up to her and blocked her view .
remember , i have seen many futures and you chose this one , willow finished her sentence and rolled her eyes automatically .
without even questioning it , chase jumped through the portal with a screaming female elf leaving willow standing there gaping at carmela .
carmela cried and grabbed willows wrist .
she sent the key there to ensure willow would never find it .
even as willows heart threatened to burst out of her chest from fear , willow would go to the deadlands .
unwanted tears welled in willows eyes .
she was so beautiful , even in the darkness , with some green warlock light from the academy stretching out towards them , willow could see her flawless features and grew jealous .
well , willow thought and smiled to herself , at least he s not flirting with me anymore .
darkmeer is in scotland , willow stated , not acknowledging declan out loud yet .
willows story continues in book 2 : deadlands comng soon declans point of view - the party look at her , declan thought to himself as soon as willow emerged into the ballroom arm in arm with pandora .
willows story continues in book 2 : deadlands comng soon declans point of view - the party look at her , declan thought to himself as soon as willow emerged into the ballroom arm in arm with pandora .
declan coached himself over and over again not to drool over her the instant he saw willow .
no matter if he wanted to be here or not , the crazy thing about it was that he still found himself totally enraptured by her the second his eyes landed on willow .
from where he stood across the room , declan could tell that willow was uncomfortable with all the attention on her .
but the extravagance of the evening still did not deter him from following willows every move with his eyes .
she wore an elegant blue gown that made her hair pop out dramatically , but this was nt the willow he knew .
she always seemed to weasel her way into his thoughts even when he was nt around her ( the teasing vixen ) and it was an amazing shock to his system seeing the way willows body moved in that tight dress .
willow and her sisters sat facing the audience , and willows cheeks were ten shades of reds .
willow and her sisters sat facing the audience , and willows cheeks were ten shades of reds .
but then he noticed willow kept turning her head to glance behind her .
hekate had shown up , which was probably the cause of willows discomfort .
sohe turned his attention back on willow , because she was much better looking than hekate .
he decided right then that he was going to ask willow for a dance .
and one thing that willow did not show him was complete and obsessive affection .
unlike all the other witches who threw themselves at his feet begging for him to go out with them , willow was the exact opposite .
but there was something different about willow , something he could nt shake .
he could do some serious damage when he was upset , but willow was like his sedative drug .
no matter what his jack ass friends would say , he was going to have the first dance with the enchanting willow rose .
it was electric and exciting - something only willow could do to him .
if only willow knew the thoughts that were running through his head .
unlike his lighter hazel color , willows was deep and soulful , beautiful and entrancing .
he nearly laughed out loud when willow took the formal dancing posture once they reached the center floor .
right then , declan knew that he wanted to possess the beautiful willow rose in every way .
willow rose turned to face him and smirked .
he glanced back at elirana again , who was standing patiently waiting for willow to make a decision .
if willow was nt looking directly at her , she would think her and chase were the only two around .
she was breathtakingly beautiful , but willow knew that all elves were attractive and youthful looking .
just hours ago , willow had rejected the love of her life , declan aldridge , who happened to be the son of the head warlock of the emerald circle , the most powerful of the warlock orders .
at least , that was what the seeker carmela intended when she sent her through a portal and willow winded up at the very place said broken hearted person was .
willow looked down at her talisman , a beautiful , thin golden bracelet linked to a ring around her middle finger , reminding her why she was here in the first place .
hekate , the queen of all witches and high prophesier of magic casters had hidden willows talisman in the dangerous forest of the everwild so willows magic would remain stagnant , allowing hekate time to kill her .
hekate desired willows power , capable of healing any magical creature by touching them .
through willow , the healing power emerged .
but this power , which was supposed to be a blessing to all magical races , had turned out as more of a curse , because everything willow knew had been forcefully taken from her .
this gave hekate the ultimate leverage against willow .
she knew willow would go to great lengths to save her sisters .
but if finding the key was the only way to free her sisters , willow would go , whether she wanted to or not .
i m not even going to comment on that one , willow rolled her eyes .
she did nt have wolf vision like chase and was nt exactly coordinated when it came to walking in forests , so when chase stopped abruptly in his tracks , willow ran smack into his back .
he was still blocking her view , as he was both really tall and muscular , so willow nudged him to move so she could take a look .
suddenly , a green light beam lit up their view and willow breathed a sigh of relief .
using magic , he created a small light in the palm of his hand and held it up so he could get a better look at willow .
is that you , willow rose ?
finally , finleys shoulders hunched in defeat as he walked up to the gate and once again , created a gap so willow could pass through .
good choice , finny , willow teased him and patted him on the shoulder .
he was in a much more unpleasant mood than when willow saw him talking to the girls , and it had every bit to do with the fact that she was here .
` ` everyone knows that 's a willow .
anyways , chairs , baskets , fish traps , wicker , rope , arrows : it can all be made by willow , and if you 're going hungry , you can cook the catkinsthe spindly green podsinto mush and eat it . ''
after several attempts to break open the door , she looked around the room at its sparse furnishings : a large bed near the door , a low wooden table beside it , the lantern aliah had carried in , a metal bucket near the bed , and a willow rocking chair tucked into a corner by the fireplace at the opposite end of the room .
preston said the pony , who was called willow , was cute .
he reappeared leading the pony , the one called willow that belonged to the girl , tamsin .
you re not scared of willow are you ?
the training on willow went on all day and the next day and the next .
after willow , i rode blackie and then sallys point - to - pointer .
they did nt look like any trees he d seen before , thicker at the base , with low - hanging willows .
daniel ran a short ways , then stopped under the leaves of a willow tree .
hey , that tickles , daniel said as a willow crept along the back of his neck .
its willows , like fingers slipping out of a mitten , slowly uncurled , reaching upward until they met those of their neighbor tree , then the trees knit themselves together , weaving their branches to form an archway over daniels head .
one by one , the willows of the sanctuary followed suit .
marlon thrust his boney fingers toward a large willow tree about twenty yards away .
the willow tree was not exactly as it had been before marlons flames , but it was still a willow and very much alive again .
the willow tree was not exactly as it had been before marlons flames , but it was still a willow and very much alive again .
the delegates percival stared at the newborn willow tree .
he pointed at a tangle of dwarf willows , only half as tall as astrid .
a slash of green in the middle of brilliant fall colors , the weeping willow looked out of place and so ordinary , except for the ravens .
one last glare at the willow and i slid off the kitchenette table , my heart starting an unsteady beat .
at the edge of the compound , i risked a glance back at the willow tree .
i told grampa what transpired between bran and me under the willow tree .
as we pulled up outside the trailers , my gaze went to the weeping willow , and i could nt help wondering where bran was , what he was doing .
as usual , my eyes were drawn to the weeping willow tree .
when i got closer to home , i checked the weeping willow .
willow trees adorned the banks , making it an ideal place for children to play .
danika could imagine younger children swinging from the willow branches into the pond .
gnarled trees with drooping limbs , like willows .
trees like weeping willows drooped their branches to the ground where they took root , forming living cages .
ill be by the old willow tree up the hill .
i heard donald also hangs out with the willow tree street gang .
no one goes by the willow tree .
making my way to the willow tree was as simple as breathing for i had done it so many times in the past .
but as i stood up from the base of my schools old willow tree , leaving my pleasure reading to the side , i could nt help but wonder if they were silent witnesses to the upcoming slaughter .
no one had asked for my side of the story when i was found behind the weeping willow .
great uncle , may we use your willow branches ?
i sometimes refer to him as willow because he s so tall and skinny ; he looks like hell blow over if he ever gets caught in a windstorm .
they were the voices of breezes whispering through leaves , the childish chuckling of mountain - fed streams , and the somber groans of ancient , creaking willows older than anyone she knew .
if we ride down there to have lunch with grandfather willow , who s going to pull our cart back up this hill ?
i m known as willow .
giving liam a knowing wink , willow turned to mica with a smile .
without a sound , willow glided up the tree .
i would love to hear more of your adventures with the dryad , willow said with a twinkling laugh , as she pulled blankets out of a chest near the tree trunk .
as he sat mesmerized by the scene in front of him willow joined him .
willow looked out across the trees .
he was not looking forward to getting back on the ladder , but he was sure he could nt just climb down the tree like willow .
as willow walked towards them mica said to liam in a low voice , the wonders of this grove are pale compared to her .
before he could say anything , willow had joined them .
asked willow .
with a curtsey befitting a queen , willow accepted micas arm and the three of them walked off towards the dryads pond .
with willows help they had no trouble finding the pond .
just as she predicted their clothes lay on a large rock near a gnarly old willow .
one quick check for the door when willow was nt looking and they could be on their way .
losing things seems to be a habit with you , willow said .
mica and willow walked back toward him talking together .
mica and willow followed the faint cart tracks through the tall grass .
lets split up , willow said .
mica and willow would never get in position in time to stop the goblins from killing smoky .
mica and willow dashed up .
another inch and i would have had him , willow said .
liam lay in the back of the cart and listened as mica and willow discussed how the goblin might have gotten the magic sword .
these are my friends , willow and liam .
liam heard a small gasp of surprise from willow , but drindles critical gaze commanded his attention .
he smiled at willow and placed a few coins on the counter .
speaking of going back , willow and mica will be worried if we are not there when they return from the inn , said liam .
mica jumped away from willow , turning and dropping his hand to his side .
but with a sweet smile willow brushed past liam .
he drifted across the room to where willow was examining the display of cakes .
the true wonder , willow said , is that he is living here in fairgrove of all places .
asked willow curiously .
i accept , said willow trying hard not to grin .
the rest of the time willow and mica seem to enjoy sharing the narrow little cart seat , chatting happily for hours .
on a whim he reached up to take willows hand to steady her .
liam could see willows shoulders twitching as she struggled to control her laughter at the look on micas face .
micas look of shock darkened and threatened to become a scowl , but willows merriment flowed over him and the moment quickly passed .
mica seemed to be softening under willows influence .
thinking about the goblins made him decide to leave mica and willows bows out too .
excellent , said willow .
but willow had almost come out and said he was a hero .
soon the heavy twang of micas bow joined the sweeter reverberations of willows , but the goblins had learned to move only in the deepest shadows , offering only brief glimpses to the archers .
more likely someone who links poison to swords , said willow .
his eyes twinkled as he looked pointedly at willow .
before he could say anything willow bowed with a graceful sweep of her arm .
so if you wish my success , please let me be known only as willow .
mica and willow had already reached the bottom .
willow and mica were busy sorting through bits of charred wood .
willow was busy arranging pieces of wood on the floor as mica handed them to her .
he was n't ready to share with willow how clumsy he had been .
liam smirked at mica and plopped down beside willow , feeling very pleased she was taking his side .
quick as a cat willow pinned his arm to the table .
liam slowly drew back his arm , looking first at willow and then at mica .
i require a sample for my king , said willow .
he could nt bear the thought of willow in the woods alone .
gather your kit willow .
mica and willow were both used to traveling light .
caught at your own game , said willow .
i am no sage but i see more than a few surprises in your future , laughed willow .
willow rose and gave him a quick hug .
liam took a seat and looked expectantly at willow .
if the court discovers anything important , they will contact me , willow said .
it would seem we have no choice , willow said .
we need to find shelter , said willow .
mica led little smoky with willow by his side .
mica and willow shared the bench while they ate .
mica and willow looked at him in surprise .
mica and willow looked at each other .
mica and willow sat on the floor leaning against the far wall talking in soft voices .
mica and willow were great friends , but he was beginning to feel like a third shoe .
you chose a worthy location for your door , willow said .
mica and willow drove off .
the boys installed the door in a church alcove while willow explored the town .
i find the lack of goblins strangely curious , willow said .
while the boys installed the door , willow explored the town .
mica quickly fed and watered little smoky while willow arranged the camp .
he grabbed his bow from the cart and tossed willow hers .
he whistled a few bars of willow 's song while he gathered wood and started a fire .
he was still grinning when mica and willow returned .
willow held a bundle of green sticks .
liam looked at the sticks willow carried and said , those look too green to burn .
willow handed liam a pouch filled with tubers and herbs .
before dinner was ready , mica and willow had turned the pile of reeds into a quiver full of arrows .
willow climbed a convenient tree and the boys settled into the back of the cart for the night .
he tried to slip in beside mica without drawing attention , but willow spoke as soon as he walked up .
we are forewarned , willow said .
mica glanced sideways at willow before answering .
all the same , willow said , we should not linger on the road .
he was still sitting on the back porch when mica and willow came walking up the path .
however , if liam is right the possibility to use this for evil is great , willow noted .
it did n't look any worse than climbing down the rope out of willow 's tree .
the doormaster 's not likely to give up his apprentice for six days and it would n't be much of a surprise if i traveled with willow .
pretty , but not for willow .
it is beautiful , but would not serve willow well in the wood .
there at the table across from the doormaster sat willow .
i was hoping for a grander moment ... willow looked down at the box .
turning the oval towards willow he triggered the catch .
liam watched willow 's eyes widen with delight as she discovered the bracelet 's secret .
turning back to willow he said , did you run into trouble with goblins ?
when the doormaster heard willow 's news , he agreed they should use the doors to get to the lake .
mica and willow continuously scanned the shelves , but liam was more concerned with finding the red and yellow urn .
now mica took the lead with willow following .
liam was watching the floor and bumped into willow 's back when she stopped abruptly .
while mica and willow searched the shelves for an answer , liam wandered back down the aisle to the last intersection .
now we 're chasing shadows , mica mumbled as he fell into line behind willow .
he smiled back at willow .
that 's why we could n't let willow go alone .
liam pulled willow to the side .
nothing for it but to retrace our steps , willow said .
the little kobold peered past willow 's shoulder at the tray and a big smile spread across his face .
someone moved the lake door , willow said .
an excellent question , willow said .
mica started to protest , but willow touched his shoulder .
they decided to wait outside for willow .
they disappeared into the swirl of dancers , willow 's silver dress flashing like starlight amidst the garden of color flowing on the dance floor .
micas new clothes looked worse than his old ones and willows dress was stained and torn .
he met them at the top of the stairs and impulsively threw his arms around willow in a hug .
mica and willow still had their weapons from the castle .
ill have to travel home to report this to my king , willow said .
you like willow greene ?
hugo you know that singer willow greene ?
they will all be here , cameron a little later but he s just doing a few promotional things for the willow greene concert .
like the famous singer willow greene ?
but willow greene is nt here today .
i raced forward , my feet making no sound on the forest floor , and threw myself into a roll that landed me at the foot of a willow tree .
the willow tree was changing color with the cooler weather , the leaves limp and scraggly .
no matter what was happening in his world , the willow was always there , outside his window .
` ` i thought he 'd be happy for me , '' he said to no one as he stared at the willow 's spidery branches moving in the autumn breeze .
steve pulls johnny into a path hidden between two willow trees .
it was lined with ancient weeping willows and tufts of low brush .
finding shelter under the leaves of a weeping willow , i watched the interplay between the birds .
that s willow .
i rubbed my hand over the back of my head and glanced at the girl , at willow .
manny chewed on a hangnail , looked down at willow , and shook his head .
it means i think you were wiping your butt and got your words back - ass - wards manny and jo - jo talked over each other , arguing over the definition of pariah , while i stared at willow .
* * * * when the game ended , i found willow and watched her from a distance , but not so far that i could nt hear her talking .
and even though i should ve walked away , i knew i was going to find out what lingered behind willows eyes .
he shoved him toward willow .
the kid stumbled , on his way to a face - plant in the mud , when willow rushed forward and helped steady him .
the money fluttered to the ground and , with a sigh , willow knelt to pick it up .
right then , i knew that willow was someone i wanted to know .
to be continued ... you do n't have to wait to find out what happens next in willow 's life .
a strange nervous feeling builds up as i wonder what she thinks of the new willow .
` ` goodnight willow . ''
this heres chase , his girl willow , and megan , there was the slightest hesitation , my girlfriend .
eden tried to answer under willows icy stare , but her voice cracked .
in one corner , surrounded by delicate weeping willows , was a friendly guesthouse .
outside , the teary willow trees , their fleshy fluorescent blooms the shape of water droplets hanging heavy on their weeping branches , softly illuminated the snowflakes drifting into snake river .
teary willows and other night - glowing vegetation were planted around this south - facing field to maximize their sun exposure , yielding brighter illumination at night .
quietly , the pluran sisters slipped behind the teary willows bordering the open terrace , their previous conflicts forgotten during this emergency .
under the glow of the teary willows , the scales partially covering her skin shone like a half - formed piece of armour .
under the moonless sky , the occasional teary willow gave minimal illumination .
on and on , the vulture flapped and glided , until the illuminated teary willows and pahoehoe huts came into view .
they all sat at the table , writhrens eyes travelling from the glistening dish to the window overlooking the strip of land barely wide enough for the lone teary willow , whose leaves were yellowing though the hardy blooms remained .
before she reached the front entrance , writhren laid kiri down underneath the teary willow .
down the block , she saw ryans car parked under an overhanging willow tree .
he pointed to the willow on the other side of the park entrance .
alanna was glad that she had taken the white willow tincture before this event .
that trail marched off along the gently curving edge of the lake , separated from it by a thin wedge of willows that stretched as far as justin could see .
justin caught glimpses of the spectacle through the screen of willow running along the shore .
when he reached the shore , he threw himself into a nest of willow roots ; old fronds were piled high between them .
but then , as before , the shadows beneath a weeping willow stirred , flowed , and took on a new form .
two , three , four thunderous blasts completely shredded the shrouding branches of willow .
he burst from beneath the willow , rushing out into the light .
we have a large , winding pond full of brightly colored fish and water lilies , with willows bending over it from the bank and a little arched bridge over the narrowest part .
` ` willow is the love of my life , '' i declared to him .
my feelings for willow did n't come out of nowhere .
the only other person i would talk to about stuff like this was willow , but since willow was the subjectwell , i had few options .
the only other person i would talk to about stuff like this was willow , but since willow was the subjectwell , i had few options .
he had been at our school only a year , but already he was popular , good with football , good with the teachers , good with classes , and apparently good with willow .
i was more willing to let the warm fuzzies quietly stew than to face willow and get the ` ` no '' that i knew was waiting for me .
* * * i found willow sitting outside our first class .
if her mother was n't one hundred percent against it , willow probably would have already dyed it brown and cut it short .
i looked at willow , but she just shrugged .
i knew anything i wrote would n't determine my whole life , but not a lot interested me besides hanging out with my friends and talking with willow .
i glanced over at willow , who was smiling over her notebook .
* * * i walked with willow out into the hallway and to our next classes .
i hated that since high school began , willow had been taking all the advanced and honors classes .
for as long as i 'd known willow , she 'd aspired to be a doctor .
i hated his guts and the way willow looked at him with something akin to adoration .
heck , every girl in school looked at him with adoration , but he only had eyes for willow .
i moved to leave , but willow caught my shirt sleeve .
and then it hit me : willow was still in the school .
i hesitated for only a second before i took a breath and started to job down the hall toward the classroom where i knew willow should have been .
not before i find willow , i scolded myself .
the darkness evaporated , and i was in the hallway again , standing in front of willow and clasping her hand .
` ` you need to stop , '' willow said to her .
willow squeezed my hand , and she suddenly began dragging me away from laura , through an emergency exit and out into what should have been the front lawn of the school .
i had more questions than answers , and my whole perception of willow was beginning to change .
she pulled and we plunged back into what willow called the sphere .
` ` i really do n't get how you know all this , '' i said as willow let go of my hand to open the back door of the gym .
` ` they 're sleepwalking , '' willow said .
the rushing water pushed them away from us , but the water parted around us , not getting a drop of it on willow , harry or myself .
but i ' m not looking a gift horse in the mouth , '' willow replied , pushing forward .
i shouted down the hall , but willow and the nerdy football player were gone .
i ran down the hall , repeatedly screaming willow 's name .
it 's an illusionan echo of something willow had said resonated through my mind .
i had to be strong for willow .
i wracked my brain trying to think what willow would do in this situation .
suddenly , willow was beside me .
laura looked at willow in the eye and shook her head .
laura said into willow 's hair .
` ` did n't know she was a kinetic '' ` ` tired of hiding '' ` ` probably deserves whatever 's coming to her '' i stopped listening after that because willow stepped into the room and slid into the seat next to mine .
` ` i ' m so glad it 's the weekend , '' willow said , her voice muffled by my shirt .
i shook my head , but really i was thinking about willow .
wherever i was , i wanted to be with willow .
you will be a little different than someone like willow , '' dad supplied .
` ` hello , willow , '' jacob said pointedly .
i was n't ever going to escape the fact that i was n't on willow 's radar in the slightest .
i glanced up at willow then and back at the page .
my family was pulling something out of their asses , and willow was happily playing along .
i tried to ignore the soundless words that willow kept throwing at me .
i did stop when i heard willow 's voice in my mind .
these were willow 's emotions ; she was calling me back .
i know i should have been up and talking with willow or playing games with her , but my head felt too full .
eventually , i heard willow say that she needed to go home , and i only barely acknowledged her as she left .
in the distance i caught a flash of red hair , and willow appeared from between a couple groups of people .
it 's all silly political stuff this year , '' willow said as she plopped down into the seats directly behind us .
-i 'll explain , -said willow 's voice in my head .
dad apparently had n't heard willow 's telepathy .
i felt willow 's link at the back of my mind , and i tried grasping at it .
i thought about willow and what she had meant to me my whole life .
i was still grappling with the link from willow , so i almost did n't catch that he was getting ready to speak .
i glanced back at willow who was staring at jacob .
i suddenly hoped willow 's link did n't pick up on my train of thought .
they did n't have a non - kinetic room , so mom sat with willow and i at a table near the back of the large conference room with all the other under - sixteen kinetics .
mom smiled at willow .
i hesitated enough to see willow give me a thumbs - up sign and grin impishly .
i growled under my breath and went back to where mom and willow were sitting .
i got back to the table , but willow was sitting by herself drawing on a napkin with a permanent marker .
` ` eugene , '' willow grasped my hand , startling me for a moment .
i concentrated like willow taught me and grasped at it .
i could n't figure out what that thing was , as i reached for it , willow 's head and hands pulled away abruptly .
i opened them only to see the greasy haired man from earlier with an arm around willow 's neck .
the man smirked and dragged willow back a few more steps .
the link that willow had worked hard to teach me was the only thing i could sense .
the instant that willow disappeared i felt her ever - present link get ripped away .
why take willow ?
i knelt to the ground where one of willow 's hairclips had fallen and picked it up .
this quiet hallway had been a sanctuary for whatever willow had impressed on my mind through the link , but she was now gone and i could n't save her .
they took willow . ''
but it felt like willow .
not just a thought about willow , but some part of willow herself .
not just a thought about willow , but some part of willow herself .
i closed my eyes and reached out for willow 's link .
but the sensation of willow in my mind was not the same as the telepathic link .
where before , when willow had her link open for me , there was the feeling of wings flying free , but now there was no such thing .
i did n't know what all of them were , or what i had seen before willow got kidnapped .
i heard about your friend willow .
` ` i was told you could tell me why willow was taken ? ''
` ` what we know is that willow is one of the few people left in the world that isiro can bond with .
and unfortunately , willow is the next on his list . ''
the darkness was comforting in some small way , but it made the hole in my heart where willow should have been feel that much larger .
it was a whole day later since willow had been stolen away from all of us .
i stared at the picture of willow on my wall .
harry knew willow .
could harry figure out a way to save willow that would n't get us killed ?
i did n't know him well , and i certainly did n't consider him a friend , but willow called him her friend .
i remembered passing by his house one day with willow .
` ` does this have to do with willow ? ''
i explained in as much detail as i could about the attack and willow 's kidnapping .
someone had been tailing willow .
` ` we were looking up information on how to save willow . ''
` ` i want willow saved ! ''
i did n't have to look at it long before i saw the very clear resemblance to the man who had grabbed willow .
` ` but if i go through the training then ... '' ` ` you have to let willow be taken . ''
` ` i mean willow tried to show me how to use telepathy , but i do n't even know what my other power is supposed to be . ''
i did n't know where willow was .
at this point in time i did n't think about the future beyond finding willow .
in the absence of willow , the first person i would have gone to in this situation , nick was all i had .
nick was the only hope i had left if i was to even begin to know how to save willow from whatever fate these ` ` isiroans '' have in store for her .
i had to be strong , strong for willow and myself .
i desperately wanted to laugh about it , but the second that laughter climbed up my throat , willow 's face flashed in my mind .
` ` willow 's been gone for almost a whole week and a half . ''
i asked , trying to not think about the fact that willow was one week in on some hellish kidnapping .
i wanted nothing more than to be back in my own room , my own bed , not dealing with this crazy but willow was worth it .
he 's the one who took willow . ''
` ` ca n't you find willow then ? ''
there are only so many locations that have zz 's around them , and there are only so many locations where they would take a prisoner like willow . ''
the thought that willow was out there somewhere stopped any and all thoughts of rest from taking hold .
i may have no usable powers and i may not be able to do it on my own , but with nick 's information i would save willow .
` ` by the way , the school said willow was sent on an impromptu vacation with family in ireland or something .
harry had been only able to get a couple of them but from the two he was able to get , i was able to see a couple pictures of willow just after her kidnapping .
their backs were facing the camera , and willow was standing between a man who i assumed was grey and a woman who was pointing at something off camera .
i do n't want willow to become a mindless host to whatever that thing is .
and then somewhere in the middle of it , they had incorporated themselves into the isiroans and then the war ended with an unsteady truce that was probably all but violated with willow 's kidnapping .
the fact that the alliance was n't jumping into war over willow 's kidnapping was frustrating .
what little we could gather from the reports , he had willow and another woman with him .
the woman was likely extra help to watch over willow , according to nick .
i plucked the small printout of willow 's trek across the states with marcus out of harry 's fingers .
he was outrageously stupid for attacking an alliance member like willow in the first place , but that 's because she 's been pinned to be isiro 's next host .
plus there is a reason he 's taken willow on this joyride .
i walked into what was left of the structure and looked at what willow would have seen when she was here .
but none of it could explain why grey had brought willow here .
` ` i do n't understand why marcus grey brought willow here .
i was happy that i was n't alone on this mission , but part of me was also worried that we would n't be enough to save willow .
` ` where do you think they would keep willow ? ''
from the bus station we walked the ten blocks to the location where marcus grey and willow had stopped .
marcus grey had been here with willow .
marcus grey is only the beginning and willow patterson is not the end .
` ` marcus grey was only the beginning , and willow was not the end . ''
but willow had to be at the ` ` end '' of this journey .
i sighed and opened the phone , dialing willow 's number .
` ` willow is great , and beautiful , but not my type . ''
but listen , when me and willow hung out she talked about this guy she liked .
i had n't ever felt a telepathic voice besides willow 's before now and the sensation was unsettling .
` ` i guess his visit here had nothing to do with willow , but still , it raises the question why he would bring her nonetheless . ''
though i ' m beginning to have a disturbing idea about why grey 's been taking willow on this journey . ''
tomorrow we would be off again into another long journey to yet another town , the last before marcus grey had gone to laramie and disappeared with willow in tow .
how many days had it been since willow had been taken ?
incarnations of my parents , my brother , my friends , willow always appeared in front of me .
but willow was the most prominent in my dreams .
back when willow had been kidnapped she had passed something to me with her telepathy .
they were willow 's .
these were not willows eyes .
` ` why do you think marcus brought willow here ? ''
` ` i think we 're gon na try and look around the town a bit and see if anyone saw willow and then i guess we 're going to head straight to laramie . ''
despite the bad consequences of taking her with us , it would mean that we could get to wyoming even faster , and by way of that , i would be closer to saving willow .
` ` yeah , willow she was here about two or three weeks ago .
you want to save willow , do n't you ? ''
but willow was worth jumping in head first .
i searched my memory , but most of what i knew about her before now had been from willow .
` ` willow would never join them .
` ` no matter what anyone says or does , i ' m going to save willow from that bastard alien .
i want isiro dead just as much as you want to save willow . ''
when the transfer is to take place the minds of himself and willow will be balanced .
there is a measure of danger involved but willow has n't gone through the full five month process like most hosts do .
dawn was here , the start of a new day , the continuation of me going after willow .
i dug my nails into my arm out of self - punishment for even agreeing to halt my progress toward willow .
my heart quickened and i stumbled over wires to reach the monitor with willow 's face in it .
the screen flickered and willow 's face disappeared .
the alliance had been keeping tabs on willow for weeks prior to her kidnapping .
it took one look at the screen with willow 's information on it and then i felt fury .
but the place that jacob wanted me to go was marked with a star , and the place where i was supposed to find out about willow -- well i did n't know that .
i would have to ask what jacob wanted me to do about willow if he was sending me off on some potential suicide mission .
running after willow and running away from others .
` ` and what they did , stealing willow , was n't ? ''
only willow mattered right now .
why was willow initially abandoned to these people ?
willow and i used to climb countless trees in our early childhood , and i never had a problem being inches or yards above the ground .
for willow 's sake and for my own .
plus i would be overtly abandoning willow , just like the alliance had .
if i did n't take it , i 'd never see willow .
i stood up , brushed myself off and began looking for a place to hide out until i had a chance to catch my breath and try to ascertain where they had put willow .
and to me , information meant finding willow .
eugene had said that the man who had taken willow had long greasy hair .
eugene had nt seen marcus grey take willow , he had seen this man , this matthew grey .
at some point after willow had been taken by matthew greykrinothere must have been a hand off or somehow willow ended up with marcus grey .
if matthew grey took willow and we ve been following marcus grey across the states there was more going on here than any of these little clues were letting on and it was nt adding up .
that was one of the few ways that i could find willow that i was sure of .
they would probably kill me then , and i would n't ever be able to find willow .
the man who had taken willow from me .
the woman stepped aside and the view zoomed out and there stood willow .
she was not the willow that i remembered .
she had said that in a month willow would n't be willow anymore .
that is , the old man was isiro 's current host , and he was talking about willow .
i ca n't say that we are n't like that now , but back then , did n't things seem lighter ? willow danced in a circle around an old well.i know i keep talking about the past but for some reason it 's hard to look forward anymore .
i fell asleep thinking of willow .
the image of the man that had stolen away willow was burned into my mind , but this man barely fit the image .
the records room where i had seen willow 's video was calling to me again .
i did n't know for a fact that i would find willow 's current location there , but i would at least be able to start tracking her .
i started reading through the records and laughed when i found the date just before willow 's kidnapping .
the most startling thing however was willow 's face on the largest of the screens .
i had no idea if willow was actually here or not .
` ` we had hoped , '' the woman began , '' to use tonight 's broadcast to celebrate the decision to finally pass the torch from our beloved host george to our new host willow .
i had failed not only him but willow .
i opened the link and reached out for willow 's mind .
thoughts of willow twisted sinuously through my weird visions , and i dreamed that she was standing outside my cell speaking comforting words .
jacob had n't cared a whit about willow .
i ' ve got to at least try to save willow ! ''
as for willow , she 's a lost cause , eugene .
i ran through the fighters , trying to recognizeanyone.i had to find out where willow was .
i had to find out where willow was .
willow and the old man stood in place .
grey followed after me and the old man followed after willow .
an image of willow stood in front of me .
they were all of willow , speaking to me in between moments of unconsciousness , somehow telling me something that i should have known from the start .
the willow in front of me -- ` ` you you 're not willow , '' i said to her .
her eyes were the color of polished amber and not the soft green of willow 's .
a whole base had been brought to its knees by the simple fact that eugene loved willow too much to let her go .
` ` ever since your willow was kidnapped , she left something in your mind .
i could see willow 's face , but the words were hard to recall .
willow leaned against the edge of a tree -- one of the things that i really loved about our neighborhood was all the people .
willow knelt in the grass and picked a dandelion -- very few times did i realize that by the time i was 15 i would be part of a world falling apart .
the not willow cocked her head .
the more i looked at her the more the difference between her and the real willow stood out .
i could remember sitting under the overpass listening to willows voicemail message and feeling her rush up from the bottom of my mind trying to get out .
where was my willow .
` ` can you not can you not look like willow ? ''
the image of willow shimmered and a different , taller woman with long dark hair , cinnamon skin and a red sari appeared .
and little did i know thousands of miles away willow was well on her way to becoming the next host of isiro .
harry gleeson i followed willow into the healer 's rest where willow would become the next host of isiro .
harry gleeson i followed willow into the healer 's rest where willow would become the next host of isiro .
` ` we have to put you under now too , miss willow . ''
the healer came over and patted willow 's shoulder .
the healer touched willow 's head and willow 's hand and entire body stilled .
he placed a hand on george 's forehead and a hand on willow 's and began to breathe in and out deeply .
i nodded and squeezed willow 's hand , even though i knew she was in too deep a sleep to get anything from it .
the healer reached over and placed the crystal on willow 's chest and then placed her left hand on willow 's arm .
the healer reached over and placed the crystal on willow 's chest and then placed her left hand on willow 's arm .
the air crackled and i felt more than saw a massive amount of energy flow from george and into willow .
and the sword sang , like countless wind - wracked willows .
* by the light of a waxing moon , lothan asked the maiden for permission to cut away a branch of willow .
by the light of a waxing moon , he asked the maiden for permission to cut down her willow .
i peer ahead to the large willow trees and the lake and the swan boats .
seems he did quite a few jobs for a lady we only know as codename blue willow , formerly of british military intelligence .
it was filled with evergreens , maples , willow trees , and numerous other lush plant life .
two willow trees sheltered the ground where his shade - loving plants would be .
near the river , edak stopped at a large willow .
he opened his eyes and placed the willow branch at the hearth .
when she awakens , give her a tea of the bark of the willow branch i brought .
she panics , accelerates past sounds of the river and a weeping willow arching , rustling , past a red chevy truck with a mottled dog barking in the bed of it , past a rotting tree with severed limbs , and one surprisingly intact where a swollen black crow perches .
along the road away from the deer park , passing through groves of willow trees making beautiful shapes against the sky heavy with gray , making their way beyond the sugar cane , gotama and his followers encounter , hidden among the shadows of dark green fruit trees , a favorite haunt for the herds of spotted deer , a solitary youth sitting so quietly that the deer around him are not disturbed .
the chinese army troops had established a defensive line that ran from mexico , up through the sierras , and then west across california just north of willows .
i guess future generations wo nt be traveling to willows grange hall to witness where the peace treaty was signed , ed joked .
the bayou towns he had passed through were nt much more than two strips of timber buildings , separated by a course of dark , sluggish water edged with willows and with a wooden bridge at either end .
he left the boat amongst a jumble of dried canes and cypress knees and found a vantage - point in a stand of willow trees .
two snowy egrets rose from the clump of willow trees as he approached .
susannah cooper carried two willow baskets .
double french windows looked out onto a quarter acre of immaculately flat lawn ringed with a mix of camellia and hydrangea ; a spreading willow was the gardens centerpiece .
mrs geisler , most of the furniture from the split with sammy , a garden with a willow , a cat called zen and ...
there was always something to see down therethe colorful canal boatsthe river itself with the huge willows at the waters edge .
the weeping willow trees swayed in the wind , bending so far over that ivan stated that he thought they might snap in two .
the path zigzagged between large oaks and willows and was accented by lush and well - kept lawns .
the stone paths and flowers surrounded grassy knolls where willow , oak , cherry and even pine trees grew , providing both conversation and congregation points .
the scenery was very peaceful , and the combination of pine , weeping willow , and a variety of flowers created an unusually lovely and fresh aroma .
he stopped and peered through the drapes of a willow tree and saw a girl with long dark hair standing maybe fifty feet in the distance .
i m a site surveyor for fine willow landscaping , he began .
st cloud traversed the length of the little estate before he found the green peugeot , parked up outside the last house in a secluded spot with a garage block on one side and a little copse of willows on the other .
there was a little whipping wind sprung up ; it blew flat , empty crisp packets around in crazy curves , and made the little copse of willows and firs rattle like a tambourine .
a couple of odd memories came : a sound in the copse of willows earlier when he had left the house ; and a black porsche he had passed on the way out of the estate .
that second photo is taken from a little copse of willows that looks down on the front door .
there we were on the riverbank sounds like bullrushes and wind in the willows , does nt it ?
) , joe , roz , willow , and blanca , as well as all the others who ve meandered in and out during my sojourn among you .
during down time , he loved to take squizzle to the park , and watch him scoot up the big weeping willow .
it was the drawing of a lake surrounded by thick willow trees .
tonight , there were nt bright lilies or green willow trees like it was in the picture ; only the outlining of branches covering the bridge .
in front of me was a picturesque lake enveloped in a vast line of willow trees .
in the parks of that city one could loiter on benches under willow wands which swayed in warm equatorial winds .
as he sat there , gazing across the placid water dotted with lotuses at the foreshore and framed with willows at the far horizon , his silver hair contrasted with the marine blue of the robe to create a presence easily as striking as the garden itself .
in the cool dusk clumps of willows across the pond masked the view of the other side , furthering the illusion that they had the place all to themselves .
the willow saloon was a billiards parlor from the late eighteen - hundreds .
a previous owner converted the upstairs of the willow from bordello to residence in the early nineteen - hundreds .
fueled by the self - embarrassment of his failure back at the willow saloon , he returned to tys cell .
pretty much gave up that notion when i decided to stop off at the willow saloon .
he sat at the bar of the willow saloon , where he d taken ty into custody .
the driveway down into the front yard had been swallowed up by willow branches over the years and they whipped the side of pruetts truck as he wobbled down the half - washed - out road onto the property .
rummaging through the willow branches near the waters edge , he saw the cowboy boot sticking partway out of the water .
the willow saloon was nearly empty ; just a few broken - down regulars drinking away their government disability checks and mortgage payments .
the early sunlight lit up the willows , and he rocked very gently while watching the disarrayed control panel .
carol findley asked me if i had seen the tree decorations over on willow brook road .
a dozen cottonwoods sparsely populated the land along with a single weeping willow .
i ' m the reason jason , willow , and so many more are dead .
think of a weeping willow .
jake 's hands felt the brunt of the vibrations of a solid willow wood cricket bat meeting the hard object of an intruder 's head .
it was a willow ware pattern in a bright blue .
memories of holding her tightly and sitting in the shadow of a weeping willow , her back pressed against his chest , her head resting on his shoulder .
there were beehives , brocades , bottle rockets , chrysanthemums , cones , crossettes , dragon eggs , dahlias , diadems , girandolas , peonies , strobes , wheels , and willows .
for more information regarding permission , write to : rick chiantaretto rick @ rickchiantaretto.com published by orenda press copyediting by bev sninchak and kathryn star heart formatted by willows formatting cover design by eden crane design production management by orenda press isbn 978 - 1 - 940748 - 01 - 6 printed in the usa this edition , december 2013 what if all religions were stories , and all stories were true ?
then , since i did nt have a key to the house , i climbed a large willow tree that grew at the end of the pasture and watched the horses nibble on the grass .
unfortunately , this willow was part of a grove whose roots intertwined halfway across the desert .
tall willows surrounded the far walls , their wispy branches swaying along the red bricks .
thankfully just then the maid arrived with the coffee , politely serving kerrin first before pouring mrs roberts a cup of steaming earl grey tea into a large willow patterned , china cup and saucer .
walking through the rooms , stopping to reach down inside the long dried willow grass and pick up the study key from inside the green vase , he could feel the presence of his brother - in - law all around him .
the sheriff 's car was parked in a patch of weeds under a large willow tree on the side of the road forty yards up from the bridge .
he asked if he could talk to me , so we walked to the pond and sat on the bench underneath the large weeping willow tree that he use to climb and play under with brady .
the wistful breeze of summer no longer lingers after the willow dies ; so too when the dove sings his song of love .
' and the problem is that if you google the weeping willow hotel , brighton , that bloody website comes up on the first page .
the weeping willow ? '
we need you to find out if it 's true that there have been a spate of suicides at the weeping willow .
' there have been six deaths in the weeping willow hotel , right ? '
' so you you 're saying the weeping willow is n't unusual ? '
' what , that the weeping willow is a great place to end it all ? '
* * * the weeping willow hotel was about a hundred yards from brighton pier in a side road that ran at ninety degrees to the beach .
' he spent a lot of money developing the weeping willow , i 'd be interested to know why he sold it , that 's all . '
she clicked her mouse and a photograph of the weeping willow hotel appeared , taken at night with a full moon behind it .
' and have a look at the article on the weeping willow hotel . '
' weeping willow ? '
' that information about the deaths at the weeping willow , can you take them off the site ? '
* * * mrs stokes was at the reception desk when nightingale and jenny walked into the weeping willow hotel .
he walked over to a bench that overlooked a lake surrounded by willow trees and sat in a dazed state not really able to appreciate the beauty of the scene surrounding him .
whorls sucking the light under and spewing it up as foam to collect with the sticks and dead leaves in the eddies along the banks , wringing willow and towering cypress trees with flat tops and rusty needles , their knees sticking up from the shallow patches of sand .
water was pooled around some of the lakeside benches and willows .
i remember the water sparkled in the middle of the river , and the sunlight was so brilliant it made us squint except when we stood under the willows near the shore .
chapter four the wind whistled in the telephone lines and lashed the thin willow on the west side of the house -- a rough night for derrick men trapped a hundred foot aloft .
outside , the wind ripped the leaves from the willow .
she leant against a railing by a stand of ragged willows .
you know what willow ?
oh , weeping willow tree .
we would sometimes even walk down to the rivers edge and collect long willow branches , which we would use to make marshmallow kebabs over the fire .
there is still a pile of willow branches in the corner .
giant oak trees in the front looked like weeping willows with white vines swaying in the wind .
as a little girl , she used to fish off the dock in the back yard and climb the lower branches of the tilting willow tree .
their run - down shack was in a bend of the river , with elms and willows touching the roof and cotton growing almost to the front porch .
the bank was lined with oaks and willows , and the sun was behind them .
the current splashed through the thick shrubs hanging over the banks and pecked away at the roots of a nearby willow tree .
like a willow twig .
on sunny afternoons , londoners picnic beneath the willows and feed the pond 's resident pelicans , whose ancestors were a gift to charles ii from the russian ambassador .
gazing across the sloping lawns , past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows , the teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight 's tomb - the real reason he had told remy to come to this spot .
( ` ` women should be willows , vivienne .
in my memory of those days the sun is always shining and the willows dip into water as limpid clear as the sky .
he helped me over a stile into a field and put his arm round me and guided me along the little tow - path past some houseboats moored under the willows .
little lady replied , ` ` since four hundred b.c . , when hippocrates discovered salicin in the bark of the willow tree . ''
she drove the car behind a stand of giant willow trees , where it was hidden from view , and turned off the engine , listening to the nocturnal sounds of insects .
he was an oak in a forest of willows .
asgar pulled under the cover of a willow and parked .
in his courtyard stood a manicured willow tree that swayed in the morning breeze , trailing its jade - green branches over thick grass .
he stood in his doorway , staring out at his courtyard and the graceful willow tree and the groomed flower beds that usually gave him a sense of tranquility .
the sun was warm , the sky porcelain blue , and a gentle breeze stirred the willows and cottonwoods .
located at the base of the sourland mountains , it was an area where farmland gave way to a thickly wooded terrain , and was surrounded by stands of willow , birch , and pignut hickory , above a sometimes thick underbrush .
that was when he saw the huge willow and a grin captured his face .
he had come to a bend in which a large willow , its roots greedy for moisture , overhung the streambed .
bourne was silent for a moment , his mind filled with khan , who could have shot him dead on campus or , later , from his vantage point in the willow .
the fourth wall was pierced by a large leaded - glass window overlooking stands of stately firs on a knoll , which sloped down to a pond guarded by a weeping willow , shivering in the wind .
a bird fluttered between the bare branches of the willow , unsure where to alight .
the professor clapped bourne on the back as the two men walked down to the weeping willow on specter 's property .
a brace of skittish grackles lifted up from the willow , cawing angrily .
above them the branches of a cascading willow tree were spread out above the wall , arcing downward .
he stopped beneath the willow tree and studied the wall , then the grass .
i ' m in the fifth grade at willow road . ''
i ' ve seen your school at willow road . ''
the lawns , the gothic buildings , even the punters who glided along the cam under the stone arches of the bridges and the branch curtains of the weeping willows , propelling their small boats with long poles .
he slowed down and looked at the great willow tree in front of him , its branches drooping into the boating lake .
and , as always , lovers walked hand in hand between the copses of oak and white willow and beech trees .
now he pulled off the road , nosing the car into a particularly exuberant growth of bayberries and marsh willows .
as they spread out in a pattern to do a thorough search , smith scrambled across grass and sand and slid under the low branches of a willow tree that curled down over the hill toward the river .
on the slope above the moonlit rio tajo , smith lay hidden beneath the willow tree , listening .
he left to the city of sens some of the articles which he had preserved in memory of his emperor : two volumes of fleury de chaboulon with notes in napoleon 's handwriting ; two atlases in which napoleon had made some notations in pencil ; the folio volume of the campaigns of italy ; a copy of the merovingian kingdoms 450- 751 a.d . ; personal relics ; a coat with epaulettes ; a cockade from a hat ; a piece of the st . helena coffin ; and a bit of one of the willows which grew over the emperor 's tomb .
he 's from a small town called willow gap . ''
` ` i ' ve been through willow gap . ''
` ` okay , frank , i doubt there are many black folks in and around willow gap .
` ` yes , and there are quite a few cooleys around willow gap .
marshals service , nathan has never ventured more than two hundred miles from willow gap .
old willow oaks hang overhead and block the sun .
nathan insists on going with us to his hometown of willow gap , so for the second morning we work our way through the mountains as he drives and gwen gushes about the reactions in miami .
for the record , willow gap has five hundred people , but you 'll never find them .
there is no school he and gene attended ; the kids from willow gap are bused an hour away .
after two hours in and around willow gap , we ' ve seen enough .
he looked down thoughtfully at the slender willow stem of her neck , the tender curve of her skull .
they walked under willows that dripped and rustled mysteriously .
he had a kindly , shrewd face that reminded her a little of the illustrations in the wind in the willows .
as a kid , he had spent his summers canoeing willow lake and hiking the north woods .
the others set off amid the stands of bare willows , crowded with crows , who loudly complained at their trespass .
` ` only thing to get you kilt by me is tryin to get me unshucked and in the willows .
bright grass ran down to a weathered gray pier at the water 's edge , where an ancient weeping willow sagged over the bank , the tips of its branches dabbling in the surface of the water .
the noise stopped me in my tracks , and i crouched beneath the bare , low - hanging branches of a willow , until it ceased as suddenly as it had started .
among the notes and calculations , ezio read : ... spring of horn or of steel fastened upon wood of willow encased in reed .
water dripped from the weeping willows along the river path , and the river itself was a hard chrome in the wake of the dull rain .
i have endured toil and misery : i left switzerland with you ; i crept along the shores of the rhine , among its willow islands , and over the summits of its hills .
she must have known it was coming , because she bent forward , graceful as a willow , and rolled up on her knee to parry the next lunge .
' it really is ... rather painful ... ' ' the queen makes up some sort of headache pills out of willow bark , ' agnes panted , and hurried on .
she leaned over the railing to watch as the airship sunk down and nested , nose first , over the river , rustling the willow trees along the bank .
off to the far side lurking under a weeping willow were three men , all dressed to the height of fashion , carrying canes and wearing top hats .
a weeping willow was draped with its branches over a rectangular wooden table covered with a black lace tablecloth and set for two with fine china and sterling silverware .
with the only light the dim bedside lamp and the only sound the rustle of new leaves on the weeping willows outside , it was inevitable that the conversation would turn to stefan - and to elena .
weeping willows stood at the edges of the blue - green pond , while a few ducks swam lazily , dunking their heads beneath the rippling surface and coming up to shake the water from their feathers .
shaded by live oaks and weeping willows , the lush enclave had once been a place where tourists could stop and catch their breath after the hustle and bustle of the crowds in the french quarter .
i quickly upended the cup with the aspirin , tasting the bitter bite of willow bark as i took a swallow of tepid water .
expanding out of the hole in the ground is a large willow tree .
his eyebrows furrow as his eyes drift to the willow tree .
he holds my hand , edging us closer to annabella and the willow tree .
i scramble to my feet , but slam against an invisible wall guarding me from the willow tree .
the twisted roots of a willow tree are half hidden by the ground .
long branches of the willow tree dance above .
` ` in the dream , that 's how he went - with helena and the willow tree by his side . ''
the willow tree branches are like veil of cotton and a tepid breeze lulls my skin .
she seizes my arm and picks up the pace , hurrying toward the willow tree .
when i open my eyes , the willow tree has risen like a vampire out its coffin .
she turns her back on us sidling for the willow tree .
a few weeping willows , which offset the lake , in the darkness looked like they were crying black lace instead of leaves .
lucan slipped inside the old brick building on willow street and closed the door behind him .
clutching the leather seat on the passenger side , gabrielle swung her head around to watch as darkness slowly swallowed up her residential block on willow street .
'cause he was strongly considering a job as a lawn sprinkler , and he did n't want to go all weeping - willow in front of anyone .
daisy had hated me ever since we were children , when damon had dared me to push her into willow creek .
when i was younger , i used to love the parties at veritas -- they were always a chance to run down to the ice pond with our friends , to play hide - and - seek in the swamp , to ride horses to the wickery bridge , then dare each other to dive into the icy depths of willow creek .
at the base of the willow tree , where damon and i had spent hours climbing as children , was a shadowy lump on the ground , like a large , gnarled tree root .
damon asked above the familiar clip - clop of duke 's and jake 's hooves down willow creek road .
the mist rose up around my feet as i walked toward the willow tree .
i nodded , even as i noticed the spot under the willow tree where i 'd found rosalyn .
the grass willow tree where i 'd found rosalyn .
sparrows chirped , and the drooping branches of the weeping willow looked lush and full of promise .
i shivered and made sure to look away from the willow tree as i ran to the bridle path and up the porch steps of the carriage house .
she 'd already left her muslin flats beneath the willow tree , and i could n't stop staring at the delicate white of her ankles .
as she stole behind the weeping willow tree , i yanked up my breeches and put on my shirt .
` ` so the battle of willow creek happened when a group of union insurgents mounted an attack on the confederate camp , '' he began in his sonorous baritone voice , as if telling a story .
` ` it sha n't be possible to picture this hero 's life , '' lockwood continued , ` ` but in a portrait in which giuseppe is flanked by his two fallen sons , heroes of the battle of willow creek . ''
olivia crept up to her sister 's house early sunday morning , the shadows of willow branches reaching out at her eerily .
the sun felt good on my face , and there was something undeniably pleasant about drifting down a stream flanked with flower bushes and weeping willows .
this was technically true , because twenty minutes later , olivia stood with ivy at the base of a willow treeand # 65533 ; lined driveway that led up a small hill .
we were hoping that by removing the need for them to hibernate they all would benefit , but there was a limit to what good living , willow bark , and fern seed could do .
` ` stefan said that if he - had to leave her , he 'd leave her lying under the willow trees . ''
i made him bring me a willow rod , just the right thickness , and then whipped you with it .
she was sitting on green grass which rippled in a slight breeze and she was looking at a weeping willow that bent down to a stream that was copper and deep , deep green at once .
the willows , not the oaks , '' he called after them .
it stared at her with one bright black eye and then it scampered up the willow tree .
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
his slender finger scratched a yellowed nail down the page , ` ` let me see , ah yes ... the willow bark . ''
kahli reached into the bag and pulled out the willow branch and thrust it under his nose , ` ` this is willow bark . ''
kahli reached into the bag and pulled out the willow branch and thrust it under his nose , ` ` this is willow bark . ''
` ` that is a willow branch , my dear .
underneath a weeping willow tree , i saw a newly dug grave .
we hanged our harps upon the willows in the midst thereof .
we had a fig tree , a willow tree , and two date palms , and flowers of all kinds , grape vines covering the arbor where we could take our evening meal , and fountains that never stopped sending their rivers of sparkling water down into the basins where the fish darted about like living jewels .
this garden was filled with big drooping willow trees , just like in the psalm , you know , and there were a few musicians out there playing their pipes and dancing for trinkets .
i form the light , and i create darkness : i make peace , and create evil ... ' my eyes opened , but then i knew sweeter verses , and sank back into a half sleep of song and willow trees swaying in the breeze . ''
she was thin and delicate in her years , and had the stubborn beauty of a willow tree , or torn and shining leaves left on a beach by the waves , ruined yet gleaming .
down by the willows , i caught a faint scent .
the salem willows is an amusement park , very small and dated .
` ` down the willows ? ''
` ` okay , '' i said , ` ` we ' ve got the fake address at the point , a murder at the willows , a body in the harbor .
olivia had suggested he rig a tape recorder behind a raccoon , which had been posed rearing on its hind legs with a book in its hand ( the wind in the willows ) .
finn parked our vehicle for the evening in one of the side lots , underneath the soft tendrils of a weeping willow .
the dwarf did n't stop until he reached a gazebo hidden underneath the tendrils of a weeping willow tree .
lafleur stood in the shadow of a weeping willow tree , its long , delicate , swaying tendrils just brushing the top of her emerald headband .
the assassin pushed away from the weeping willow and straightened , her hands loose and open by her sides , but she made no move to step forward toward the rumbling car .
thin black tendrils of weeping willows waved back and forth like skeleton fingers in the constant breeze , while the swamp grass and cattails undulated in perfect time below next to the rippling surface of the water .
whitewashed benches and gazebos stood here and there among the manicured beds of roses and pansies , while weeping willows towered over them all , their tendrils kissing the soft petals below .
ten feet in , a copse of weeping willows soared up out of the briars , and i slid into a small open space between two of the trees that was free from the thorns .
he sat down on the ground and put his back against one of the weeping willows , the long tendrils brushing against his shoulders like a masseuse 's fingers .
he reached out and touched one of the brown briars wrapped around the weeping willow , sliding his thumb over one of the thorns .
a knife in my hand , i crawled over to the weeping willow at the other end of the hedge of briars and slowly got to my feet .
i leapfrogged from one alley and side street to the next , until i ended up crouching behind a weeping willow at the far end of the parking lot in front of the club .
vinca 's six brothers carried her body on a litter made from bent willows interlaced with garlands of dried flowers and herbs .
everyone give a warm welcome to the big easy 's newest drag sensation- miss pussy willow ! ''
as the audience went wild , adam turned to me and mouthed , ` ` pussy willow ? ''
pussy willow called .
i nodded absently , my eyes riveted on brooks / pussy willow vamping across the stage .
` ` pussy willow 's got a crush on you , '' i sang .
the song was almost over , and the whole room tensed in anticipation of pussy willow 's grand finale .
but pussy willow would n't hear of it .
from now on i ' m pussy willow . ''
i clicked off the phone and turned to adam and pussy willow .
casting a quick glance to my right , i did n't see adam or pussy willow , but i felt their presence and knew they 'd have my back if the crazy cajun tried anything .
the bell over the door announced the arrival of adam and pussy willow .
pussy willow crossed her arms and glared down at the man .
pussy willow looked equally lost .
as i did so , i looked at pussy willow .
pussy willow 's head nodded slowly to acknowledge my statement , but i had the feeling she was n't all there .
` ` her , '' pussy willow whispered fiercely .
pussy willow exploded forward .
pussy willow pointed a long red nail at the man .
pussy willow drew , aimed , and cocked the gun before i could wrap my mind around what was happening .
the recoil sent pussy willow stumbling back , her heels squeaking against the slick linoleum .
` ` pussy willow ! ''
as i worked , i decided pussy willow 's assessment was n't exactly accurate .
at the top , pussy willow quietly excused herself , claiming she needed to go fix her face .
` ` what about pussy willow ? ''
pussy willow walked in with the map zen asked her to fetch .
i paused as pussy willow 's words from the day before came back to me .
luckily , no one would find the cajun 's body until long after i was gone , and there was nothing to tie pussy willow to the crime .
i could feel each of them- rhea , pussy willow , mac , georgia , and about twenty other mage , werewolf , vampire , and fae allies both inside and outside the building .
i do n't want to miss pussy willow 's opening number ! ''
maisie looked around the room and said , ` ` where 's pussy willow ? ''
pussy willow is an amazing performer . ''
pussy willow was my friend and i wanted to support her .
earl , vein 's fanged barkeep , was busy filling drink orders for the large crowd who 'd turned out for pussy willow 's new york debut .
` ` i ' m so nervous for pussy willow . ''
giguhl suggested he bring pussy willow up from new orleans to sing at the club one night a week .
when she arrived , pussy willow admitted she 'd been looking for a chance to get out of the big easy .
that 's when he became pussy willow full - time .
anyway , after the success in bringing pussy willow up , giguhl went to slade with the roller derby idea after watching some movie .
so far i have three mages , two of slade 's nymphs , and , of course , pussy willow . ''
pussy willow 's voice came from the speakers .
` ` vein is proud to present the black light district 's newest musical sensation - pussy willow and the catnips ! ''
in the shadows , pussy willow 's silhouette rushed across the stage to take her place .
by that point , pussy willow had moved on to an acoustic version of ` ` papa do n't preach . ''
giguhl looked up to shoot us a nasty glare for disrupting his enjoyment of pussy willow 's show .
the muffled strains of pussy willow 's rendition of ` ` crazy for you '' filtered into the room .
slade turned and located pussy willow among the onlookers .
pussy willow came forward and wrapped a comforting arm around the nymph .
best bet is the killer did the job and slipped back into the club while pussy willow was playing .
i was watching pussy willow 's performance with giguhl .
giguhl and pussy willow , too .
` ` giguhl and pussy willow have the twin beds in the guest room .
` ` this way you 'll be able to check on pussy willow . ''
i thought pussy willow did n't have another show for a while . ''
` ` not pussy willow , '' giguhl said , grinning like a child with a secret on his tongue .
` ` five - that 's enough for all of us and pussy willow . ''
` ` we 're still waiting for pussy willow anyway . ''
he hissed in response and went to weave his way through pussy willow 's legs .
i do n't know where pussy willow managed to find ed hardy cat clothes , but she 'd wasted her money .
` ` you ' ve got to admit , there 's something about that erron zorn , '' pussy willow purred .
behind him , pussy willow and georgia were too busy gawking at the freaks to be much help .
` ` where are georgia and pussy willow ? ''
and from the sound of things , pussy willow and georgia were n't in any state to navigate the city .
` ` it 's pussy willow .
pussy willow noticed adam and me .
pussy willow waggled her fingers in farewell and ducked back inside .
he stood in the announcer 's booth next to pussy willow .
then , over the loudspeaker , pussy willow shouted : ` ` manhattan !
pussy willow announced them by their roller derby names - bitch n. heat and eva fangoria .
when the team reached its bench , pussy willow did a quick spiel about the rules .
system , pussy willow identified the raven - haired faery for the bloodletters as scarlet o'scare - a .
obviously , she 'd been a last - minute substitution after pussy willow got banned from playing .
pussy willow yelled into the mic , ` ` and the manhattan marauders win ! ''
nearby , slade and pussy willow finally reached the track .
pussy willow ran after her , but the vampire shot her a look that made the faery 's steps falter .
pussy willow went to giguhl and they stood , arm - in - arm , looking like they 'd just watched their parents ' divorce .
just then , the front door burst open and giguhl and pussy willow marched in .
pussy willow and georgia would n't meet my gaze .
pussy willow answered for me .
pussy willow asked .
` ` where are giguhl and pussy willow ? ''
across the bar , i spotted giguhl and pussy willow near the stage .
but pussy willow looked like a mama bear protecting her cub .
` ` this is about pussy willow running away . ''
that taken care of , i turned back to see giguhl and pussy willow coming toward me .
pussy willow is fun .
but the longer brooks maintained the illusion of pussy willow , the less likable he became .
why would slade tell adam about pussy willow and georgia 's departure if adam went there to beat him up ?
pussy willow , georgia , mac , slade , zenobia ?
most likely at the prospect of seeing pussy willow again .
when he 'd moved to the big apple to launch his singing career , brooks had adopted his female drag persona full - time , going so far as insisting we call ` ` her '' pussy willow .
back in new york , giguhl had grown as tired of pussy willow 's attitude as the rest of us and had called her on it , which resulted in a nasty argument .
she held a willow branch in her hand - a magic wand for a fledgling mage .
` ` there is a house for sale on the corner of willow and wade streets .
a thought took him to the corner of willow and wade .
help me ... . chapter 31 ana luisa took a deep breath as they approached the red brick house located on the corner of willow and wade streets .
` ` we buried her in the woods beneath her favorite willow , and marked her grave with a simple stone . ''
* * * ` ` mother rain says it will frost in the morning , '' toff announced after coming in from helping father willow mend a fence around the cattle barn .
father willow treated his cows better than he treated most people in toff 's opinion , but he did n't have much respect for many of those people , either .
* * * father willow was at the door early the next morning , knocking .
toff heard father willow 's voice inside the house as he was dressing for work .
` ` son , father willow 's lily got out again , and he needs your help to find her . ''
lily was father willow 's best cow and had birthed twin calves many times .
father willow fussed over her constantly .
this was n't the first time he 'd gone hunting lily with father willow .
* * * toff waded through tall grass as he followed father willow toward the higher pastures .
toff trotted through frost - covered pastures to keep up with father willow 's longer legs .
father willow stood in the midmorning sunlight while mist rose from the ground around him .
father willow shaded his eyes against the sun 's glare as he searched for lily .
father willow began walking before he heard toff 's reply .
toff knew father willow was worried ; he just did n't want to say that to toff .
father willow was nearly half a mile away from toff when he heard him scream , and then scream again .
they 'd been waiting for him in the trees , luring him farther away from father willow .
` ` i was looking for lily , father willow 's best cow , '' toff blinked at karzac as he dredged up the painful memory .
` ` father willow sent me toward a stand of trees , when we did n't find her in the pasture . ''
father willow , who was n't very good with the younglings , went to fetch rain , who eventually calmed them down .
* * * toff wound string around the last bundle of cornstalks with practiced ease and hefted it onto the wagon father willow brought to the field .
toff climbed onto the wagon seat beside father willow , who looked as if he wanted to say something else to toff but ended up holding back .
toff sat in silence , watching the bare field pass around him as father willow flapped long reins against the horse 's backs .
` ` i know willow would be happy to take him , but he 'd keep him out all night during calving season . ''
father willow did n't talk much but at least he did n't ignore toff like so many of the others did .
none except willow , anyway .
willow had taken a liking to toff , since toff was good with willow 's animals .
willow had taken a liking to toff , since toff was good with willow 's animals .
he has n't wakened since he collapsed after chasing after one of willow 's heifers . ''
he could n't help thinking that he could have chased after father willow 's heifers just fine .
he certainly did n't miss any of the others , except for father willow .
it reminded him of the magnolia tree that stood outside father willow 's cottage .
willow had the only magnolia tree inside the fae village and toff loved the velvety petals of the huge flowers when they bloomed .
and father willow .
do not think i have my head in the pastures all the time , '' father willow snapped .
corent was kind , as was father willow when he asked me to help feed hay to his milk cows .
tiearan nodded as willow walked toward the wide barn door .
nodding to rain and willow , who sat beside each other there , he settled himself at the center of all the circles and drew out the crystal orb he wore on a chain about his neck .
` ` willow is missing , i ca n't find him , '' corent rambled , his hair turning a dark gray .
` ` aryn , will you look for willow ? ''
corent rose and walked away after the others died , and willow 's body can not be found . ''
` ` we believe that the one who did this also is responsible for relocating willow , '' belen added .
toff was still trying to grasp that all the fae were dead except corent and father willow .
queen lissa referred to corent and willow 's survival as a miracle and refused to talk about it .
` ` i hear that your uncle thurlow went to speak with willow on morningsun , but he is quite confused and remembers little of what happened .
they 'd chosen the riverbank beneath the willows for their meeting , and corent was so immersed in thought he ignored the willow branch that brushed his shoulders as the wind stirred .
they 'd chosen the riverbank beneath the willows for their meeting , and corent was so immersed in thought he ignored the willow branch that brushed his shoulders as the wind stirred .
winkler called just before dawn after he left , saying that william wayne winkler , jr . and wynter willow winkler had come into the world , both beautiful and exercising their lungs .
` ` after she gave me a med patch , she left , '' willow tells me .
we hung our harps , our lyres , upon the willows that on the banks there grew .
they do n't tower above the native landscape so much as merge perfectly with it , as though they simply grew here along with the sage and desert willow .
the branches of the cypress trees tangled with weeping willows , creating a canopy overhead .
as quickly as macon had materialized , another man appeared , leaning against a willow trunk , where no one had been standing a moment before .
the long row of willows that framed the archway leading into the graveyard and the gardens was burning .
flowers and leaves all twisted around each other - words , alphabets , apples , oranges , urns , and weeping willow trees - all made out of thread on white cloth and framed with fine wood and ... ` ` yes .
we talk about willow marks , too , who has been absent from school since the previous wednesday .
rumor is that willow was found by regulators last week in deering oaks park after curfew - with a boy .
we ' ve been hearing rumors like that about willow for years .
but this time it is serious , apparently , and hana drops the bomb just as we turn onto center : mr . and mrs . marks have agreed to move the date of willow 's procedure up by a full six months .
the regulators are blaming mr . and mrs . marks - and the whole extended family - for not instilling in her a proper education , and only a few days after she was supposedly found in deering oaks park , i overhear my aunt and uncle whispering that both of willow 's parents have been fired from their jobs .
and it may sound awful , but i do n't think about willow 's family for long .
the rest of my thoughts are a blur of radio static and fluorescent lights and lab coats and steel tables and surgical knives - an image of willow marks getting dragged off to the labs , screaming , her house defaced with marker and paint .
after i cross the fore river the houses fall away altogether , and it 's just field after field and farm after farm , with names like meadowlane and sheepsbay and willow creek , which make them sound all homey and nice : places where someone might be baking muffins and skimming fresh cream for butter .
my stomach does a tiny flip when i see it , and a thousand memories flood me at once - carol sitting on my bed and telling me , in her measured voice , about the expectations of husband and wife ; jenny sticking her hand on her hip and telling me i wo n't know what to do when the time comes ; whispered stories of willow marks ; hana wondering out loud in the locker room what sex feels like , while i hissed at her to be quiet , checking over my shoulder to make sure no one was listening .
no , a girl - a girl with a thin , tight mouth , and creases at the corners of her eyes , and hands as rough as willow , as big as baskets .
every so often she stops , puts down her buckets , and strips willow bark from the trees , scattering it across the path so that i can find my way , even after i ' ve lost sight of her .
all of a sudden , willow reaches out and puts an arm around my neck , pulling me close , as though she wants to kiss me .
for a second , her eyes click into focus , and when she looks at me , i see the old willow : smart and defiant and , now , in this moment , defeated .
i think of the way willow looked at me , so sadly : they got you , too .
and then another image : more growth , a narrow river winding between the pine trees and willows .
the last thing i want is to be taken by surprise by willow marks again .
no wonder jenny , willow , and grace look so pale and drawn - it 's a miracle that they 're still alive .
no wonder willow is hiding there as well .
maybe the procedure unhinged her , like it did for willow marks .
last year , when willow marks was caught in deering oaks park with an uncured boy , the story was that she 'd been under surveillance for weeks , after her mom had noticed a devil 's kiss on her shoulder .
a woman stood beneath a large willow tree , her hair as white as cotton , her lips as red as a cherry , and her eyes sparkling with silver .
i stepped below the branches of the willow tree .
she carried us away in a light full of essence and warmth and landed us underneath the cape of the willow tree .
the f**king whomping willow ?
` ` personally , i think the wind in the willows is a little dated , but if simon says the cameras are- '' ` ` not the job .
the boy leaned against a twisted willow tree .
henry and willow are some of mom and dad 's old music friends who 'd also had a kid and decided to start behaving like grown - ups .
right before the doors close , i notice that willow is here .
has willow figured out who the emergency is ?
he 's probably still at the other hospital , being taken care of by willow .
` ` well , i have his home number , '' willow says , brandishing her cell phone like a weapon .
kim , who has met willow all of twice , flings herself into her arms .
when he and willow had been dating a few weeks , she told him to straighten out and dry out or say good - bye .
i ' m so busy celebrating willow 's arrival that the implication of her being here takes a few moments to sink in , but when it does , it hits me like a jolt of electricity .
i think about willow 's face , which looks like it has been scrubbed clean of all joy .
they 'd both been relieved when he and willow had gotten back together .
we caravanned to kerry 's hometown with a bunch of people , squeezing into a car with henry and willow , who was so pregnant the seat belt would n't fit over her bump .
he looked up at willow .
without missing a beat , willow said : ` ` play ' p.s .
` ` let me guess , '' willow said .
mom nodded and she and willow started laughing and soon everyone at the table was cracking up so hard that tears ran down our faces .
i have n't been back in my bed fifteen minutes when willow shows up .
five minutes later , willow is back , bringing gran and gramps with her .
i ' m singing and concentrating and singing and thinking so hard that i barely register willow 's return to the icu , barely notice that she 's talking to the grumpy nurse , barely recognize the steely determination in her tone .
had i been paying attention , i might have realized that willow was lobbying for adam to be able to visit me .
had i been paying attention , i might have somehow got away before willow was - as always - successful .
` ` we did n't even make it till midnight , '' willow admitted , bouncing the baby on her lap .
kim is now telling me about being rescued from certain incarceration by willow .
as she describes how willow took charge of the whole hospital , there is such admiration in her voice .
my parents were lamenting that they had n't seen willow and henry and the baby in months .
` ` i think willow 's off today . ''
a handful of people , including adam , kim , willow , and henry , stayed .
i guess willow has run out of people to lobby me with .
and willow seems like she knows it , too , with the way she 's been marching everyone through here .
i summon all the love i have ever felt , i summon all the strength that gran and gramps and kim and the nurses and willow have given me .
but the trees here were old , ancient things - huge oaks and weeping willows - and if you stared very hard between the branches , you sometimes caught flickers of movement not belonging to birds or squirrels .
a tall , slight figure stood beneath the weeping willow , watching me through the lacy curtain .
it was a dryad , and the weeping willow was probably her tree , for she had the same long green hair and rough , bark - like skin .
the trees in the backyard had multiplied and grown over the years and a willow nearly hid the door to the workshop .
the willows and swamp grass surrounding the house could conceal any number of enemies .
he leads me through the garden , past arbors of flowers to a low swing attached to the bough of a weeping willow .
i had begun the evening 's set by doing ` ` the willow garden , '' followed by ` ` scarborough fair , '' and then i turned to ` ` the young girl 's lament , '' a sad song i recently learned from solomon freeman .
my brother would laugh at me and say how g*y i was for getting all teary - eyed when willow went mental after tara died .
zombielike , she caught up with her old friends , who 'd gathered under a weeping willow .
she tipped her bike onto the crushed - gravel drive , plopped down under a lavender weeping willow , and ran her fingers through the soft , clipped lawn .
` ` i did n't think she was going to , '' spencer mumbled , plucking a rogue , bright yellow dandelion that had sprouted beneath the willow .
there was a gentle breeze shaking the bare willow trees .
her friends phi templeton and chassey bledsoe sat under a willow tree in her front yard , playing with a yo - yo .
it had a basketball hoop in the driveway , a big weeping willow in the side yard , and cheerful flower beds under the front windows .
` ` spencer , this is joanna , marilyn , jade , callie , willow , quinn , and jessie . ''
a sculpture of a willow tree looked dangerous and alive .
then she looked around with a shiver , her gaze narrowing in on the weeping willow tree next to the front path .
it was under that willow that they 'd received a threatening note from the very first a. i ' m still here , bitches , and i know everything .
she parked under the weeping willow and stared at her dad 's new house , mustering up the courage .
` ` let 's go over here , '' she murmured , walking to the edge of her property under a weeping willow tree .
` ` i do n't know , '' emily mumbled , running her foot along one of the willow 's big exposed roots .
a couple of crows hunched under a spindly limbed willow tree .
behind the row of bushes and up against the trunk of a weeping willow , i scan the midnight horizon .
still hidden by the rain of branches from the weeping willow , i plug two more balls into the ground , right near his feet .
` ` you have two copies of willow ? ''
the grass was as green as green could be , as green as a master painter 's imagination , and a single , beautiful willow tree attracted the men as they dismounted .
buffy was just about to save her new friend willow from the vamps when a - hole oliver came home and told us that he wanted to watch the sixers game , so i immediately turned off buffy - right at the good part - and handed ao the remote , because it was his apartment and his dvd player and i really did n't feel like arguing with a - hole oliver , because he was pretty stubborn and would cut you down in a heartbeat with one of his mean , straight - for - the - jugular insults .
she may be a superchick , but she still hangs out with her dorky friends xander and willow , who are totally like real people even if one falls in love with a demon and the other becomes a powerful witch , so you sorta believe in buffy - like she 's real - even though she kills vampires and monsters and lives on a hellmouth .
tin lanterns twinkled in the giant weeping willows .
her lungs burned and she panicked , and then , in the distance , through the wispy branches of a willow tree , she saw him perch on the shoulder of an old woman wearing a vast patchwork cloak .
madame blavatsky reclined against the willow 's trunk , her mane of auburn hair haloed in humidity .
reaching the willow , eureka slowed her pace and dipped under the tree 's canopy .
eureka said , startling a water moccasin coiled in a low branch of the willow .
she could hardly wait to meet the old woman down at the willow tree .
she 'd lost sight of polaris , but she knew the way to the willow tree .
polaris swooped over her shoulder as she ran the last twenty yards to the willow tree .
eureka was trying to replace her final image of blavatsky dead in her studio with the memory of the woman at peace under the willow tree by the bayou , the one who 'd seemed convinced there was good reason for eureka to sail with brooks today .
she had the sense to bury your book and her notebook under a willow tree by the bayou the night before she was- '' ander paused , his eyes downcast .
as we were walking through a band of dessicated willows , the frost crunching beneath our boots , mal pointed out a sparrowhawk nest , and i found myself wishing that we could just keep walking forever .
closing my eyes , i instantly return home , manifesting a meadow covered in lush green grass with a single willow tree standing tall .
i stared at my grandmother for a long moment , then got up and walked to the window , watching as two squirrels chased each other up and then down the large willow in the backyard .
the area was green and lush , with a large willow near the pond .
mr . mercer stared out the window , where a pair of cactus wrens were busily building a nest in the desert willow beyond .
entry to the willows required a hard - to - attain membership ; celaena had taken her tea there several times while growing up , thanks to arobynn hamel 's name .
` ` you think i did n't recognize the captain of the guard the day you just happened to run into me outside of the willows ? ''
she 'd managed to hire the cook from the willows for the night - for a fee that had made her consider punching the woman 's throat .
gods , from the moment i saw you outside the willows , i ' ve known how good we 'd be together .
brooke and liv talk about something talon said earlier , a puppy crush he has on willow , who at thirteen is nearly double his age of seven .
talon lost his parents and his aunt , and yet whenever i see him he is laughing and running off somewhere with willow and flea , no sign at all of being scarred .
` ` i heard all about it from willow . ''
how willow knows everything before everyone is a mystery to me .
chirps willow .
` ` i ' m busy , willow , '' he calls over .
i stare absently at willow , talon , and clara , who have begun another race , as i consider the situation .
halfway there , willow 's dog , flea , charged up , jumping and barking like he had n't seen perry in weeks .
talon and willow arrived right behind him .
despite his assurance , willow let loose with an impressive stream of curses .
you and willow do n't seem to mind it . ''
` ` good , because willow and i found some night crawlers today .
` ` i could have willow on this table instead .
jupiter over willow ?
she caught sight of willow just as she flew into cinder , knocking him clean to the ground .
nearby , talon , willow , and brooke 's sister , clara , played a game to see who could jump furthest from the platform .
` ` how 'd you get him away from willow ? ''
` ` willow was fine with that ? ''
` ` we already knew that willow is unstoppable . ''
wearing the chain made sense when he looked at them , when he thought of them with willow and clara , whooping as they leaped from a platform into the darkness .
` ` same , '' he said , and she remembered how he 'd almost drowned trying to save willow and her grandfather .
some time later , talon and willow came running .
roar and talon walked ahead of her with willow and flea .
cinder , willow , and talon sat on the edge of the hover , legs swinging as they took turns tossing a ball to flea .
he glanced at sable , and then away , to roar and willow and talon , who were boarding another hover farther down the bluff .
he 'd found willow and flea and molly .
` ` we do n't know where roar is , '' willow said .
several people looked over at willow 's raised voice .
talon and willow , too .
i parry with the whispering of the willow wand and come back with awakening of sleeping bee .
they call it the willow world , a place where the gentle reeds bend easily and with grace . ''
the priest shakes his head and brings himself away from the floating willow world and back into this little cabin .
lettie hempstock was shouting at me to stop , but still i ran , crossing the farmland , where every blade of grass , every pebble on the lane , every willow tree and hazel hedge glowed golden , and i ran towards the darkness .
tall and long with hair like wheat on willows , she looked so painful like joanna my eyes sprang with tears .
he made a sound that vibrated into my mouth , pulling my waist tighter and up so i bent backward , leaning into him like a willow branch .
dreamcatchers were made out of a hoop of willow branch and woven with sinew and decorated with stones and feathers .
first of all , it 's still got all the wretched original chimneys and creepy turrets , and a pond surrounded by weeping willows .
there was no such thing as leftover willow extract .
he needs willow extract .
` ` secrets like free willow extract do n't keep , '' mr . valdez said .
` ` he took a packet of willow extract ! ''
the raft swept behind a screen of weeping willows before jason could apprehend more details , though a few other musicians tinkered with a variety of less discernable instruments .
rumpled maps , computer printouts , ever - present journal , flashlight , willow stick .
they 'd circled the town with a willow divining rod and an electromagnetic - frequency reader , swapping the instruments between the two of them .
they had come to a stand of na**d willow trees on a gentle slope , and below them was the twist of a slow - moving , shallow creek .
malory had once told gansey that where there were willows , there was water .
willows propagated , he said , by dropping seeds in moving water that then carried them downstream , allowing them to root on some distant shore .
and there their daughter bellatrix , the greatest of all , had been born and rocked in a cradle of willow .
fringed by a circle of willows , lilyvein pond was the largest of a string of spring - fed ponds on the outskirts of never nigh .
our way led us to a sparse woodland of crack willows .
he went out the front gate up to the mighty willow tree in front of lilly anns house .
willow and poplar trees followed the river and older oaks , gums and acacia were scattered about the fields , giving welcome shade to the stock .
and , as he cleared the old willow tree on the southwest corner you could hear him shouting .
shad built a little raft by weaving willow sticks together , but neither zach nor cody fancied the sweet life onboard it .
a large willow tree grew at the edge of the river , its roots snaking into the murky water .
arii looked up into the willows branches .
but this is a willow .
somehow , it felt right , but it was a willow .
it is a willow .
the willow is a weak tree .
the willows wood is weak it is true , but it is a wise tree .
the willow is an excellent choice for a wizard who hopes to every order .
his head bounced and ducked like a dervish in ecstasy as he avoided the low limbs of oak , ash , horse chestnut , willow , maple , river birch and pecan trees .
my old mercedes was parked underneath probably the only willow tree in east austin , not ten feet away .
the two of us sat just outside the screen porch at a rickety , paint - peeled picnic table as the april sun rose toward zenith between draping willow branches .
for awhile there under the shade of that willow tree on that first morning , i would have sworn that the woman was happy .
the shifting pattern of willow frond shade and sunlight in her hair with shimmers of pure spun gold , delicate sharp pink tongue removing pudding from her front teeth , soft yet piercing green eyes with too much knowledge about the world and not enough of the mundane ; and dark secrets hidden like treasures , the way squirrels will hide their nuts .
the willow fronds became drooping , other - worldly tendrils in the sultry , windless night .
* * * * * the sun was climbing down the back side of the sky and undulating shafts of fading sunlight played through willow and pin - oak trees and danced upon well - manicured lawns .
what well do is tie some fishin line to the willow branches .
he looked up the river at a patch of willows and asked me how long i wanted the poles to be .
dub pointed across the river at a beaver swimming along the bank close to some overhanging willow branches .
the beaver swam along under the low - hanging willow branches .
the willow j , was landing troops at the same time approximately thirty miles to the northwest at playa largo , code - named red beach , using small fiberglass boats .
ten paces across , the openness was marred only by a tenacious willow that clung to the earth between two large moss - covered stones .
she found an area where the willows grew out the side of the bank and attempted to use the branches to pull herself up .
i agree and we pull over into a stand of sapling willows , we are still in 6 inches of water but it is calm enough to walk and we manage to bush whack along the side of a bluff till we begin to hear the roar .
we both paddle to the side of the river and grab onto willow saplings to await the rest showing up .
after a few times of paddling the canoe through tops of tree i got caught by the current and taken over a small willow .
hung in the middle of the water , centered on a bent over tree and the current moving fast , the aft end of the canoe comes around on me and i hit another willow tree .
in this part of town it was reasonably wide with willows and bull - rushes along its banks .
the pond was actually a big natural park , in the middle of a small forest , with an oozy small lake in the middle , surrounded by weeping willows .
she stopped and parked the car , next to a willow .
marvell was seating down on the wet grass , in front of a muddy small lake , near a weeping willow ( the pound was made of willows , which were connected beautifully with the forest , like an oasis of willows in the middle off the oaks and beeches forest ) .
marvell was seating down on the wet grass , in front of a muddy small lake , near a weeping willow ( the pound was made of willows , which were connected beautifully with the forest , like an oasis of willows in the middle off the oaks and beeches forest ) .
marvell was seating down on the wet grass , in front of a muddy small lake , near a weeping willow ( the pound was made of willows , which were connected beautifully with the forest , like an oasis of willows in the middle off the oaks and beeches forest ) .
there he played with his nephew , while waving willow fixed a meal .
asked waving willow .
waving willow and the children watched them go .
the chief and some braves greeted them at the meeting fire ; waving willow was there too .
when loot and fire cub came into the village , they brought the three children to waving willow .
waving willow knelt and sliced cornbread , then spread on a mixture out of the jar .
he came to the house of waving willow to inquire about the new arrivals .
they brought them straight to waving willow .
he went to waving willow and said , looks like we have company .
waving willow said , i gave them some cornbread treat , a little while ago , but i guess they have finished it now .
turning to waving willow , he asked , do you have any tea made ?
waving willow answered , only that they survived the massacre at nunnimingo .
loot asked , wolf eyes , would you take this to waving willow to prepare for us ?
wolf eyes went back to his house to deliver his fish , and to also talk to waving willow about preparing himself to go on the reconnoiter mission .
wolf eyes turned and started back to waving willows house .
when he got to waving willows house , he picked up the parts to his club .
he went back to waving willows house and entered .
waving willow slapped her hands together , and the children came to attention .
he went to waving willow and put his arms around her , from behind .
waving willow had fixed a big meal for two reasons : one , to honor the new guests who were starved to death and also for wolf eyes , because he was leaving on a mission soon .
after he ate , wolf eyes complimented waving willow on the meal .
waving willow said , may the great spirit shine his sun on you .
three baskets came to the house of waving willow for the night .
with the three children staying with waving willow , it was decided that three baskets would move next door to the house of grazing fawn .
red talon inquired of his sister , waving willow , about the clan and marital status of three baskets .
* * ~ * * waving willow was already up that morning .
waving willow and three baskets kept a close eye on the children .
this fact was discussed with waving willow , who had also noticed the same thing .
waving willow and three baskets liked each other immediately and were quickly becoming companions .
waving willow would talk about wolf eyes , and her eyes would light up as she described how he was with the children .
three baskets listened with great interest , asking questions about how waving willow had met wolf eyes .
waving willow began to explain .
waving willow inquired about the status of three baskets .
waving willow asked , was it very hard for you when the village was attacked ?
we wo nt talk about it , said waving willow .
okay , if you want to then , said waving willow .
i am sure they are , three baskets , said waving willow .
we will talk about it later , said waving willow .
waving willow said , i know a brave that has eyes for you , three baskets .
wolf eyes was thinking also about waving willow .
waving willow had a warm greeting for wolf eyes .
wolf eyes and waving willow left the dance arm in arm .
red talon was visiting with waving willow and wolf eyes .
waving willow answered , what was i suppose to find out , red talon ?
waving willow was at work , making a dress from deer hide .
waving willow looked down at her work and acted like she did not hear .
waving willow , i guess you did not ask for me you want me to be an old bachelor and never have a true love .
waving willow looked up and said , three baskets is interested in you , and she is free and never been we d. red talons look went from disappointment to utter surprise , and then he jumped up from his crossed legged position at the post and started dancing around the room .
he danced over to waving willow and gave her a big hug .
wolf eyes looked at waving willow and said , there goes a happy shilombish ( spirit ) .
waving willow said , they are two happy shilombishes .
they took the birds to waving willow , and she exclaimed how good they had done .
waving willow and her group began to roast the pigeons .
this had both the households of waving willow and grazing fawn in a gleeful mood .
red talon , feeling nervous , had waving willow pull unwanted hairs from his head , using tweezers made from mussel shells .
he had picked out a spot not far from waving willows house .
also , she had been working with waving willow , making clothes and other household items .
three baskets , with the help of waving willow , made pottery .
wolf eyes said to waving willow , i think they will be very happy together , they work very hard to make their life together good .
waving willow , you are beautiful and i adore you .
three baskets became a sister to waving willow and wolf eyes , just as red talon was a brother to both of them .
waving willow had been in hers for a week , waiting on the time to come .
waving willow asked , how are the little ones ?
she will find the right time , answered waving willow .
the cries of a newborn baby could be heard by people passing by the menstrual hut of waving willow .
three baskets was working on a cradleboard that would be given to waving willow , so that she could carry the baby , while she did her work .
wolf eyes asked of three baskets , how is waving willow ?
wolf eyes came to waving willow , who was by his blanket on the ground .
wolf eyes was relaxed , and after a while , he and waving willow made their way to her house .
he took two steps , and then stopping for a moment ; he glanced back at waving willow .
wolf eyes walked back to the house of waving willow .
waving willow brought him a tray full of food .
waving willow sat and watched him eat , as she nursed her baby .
he was thinking of going to the cornfield with waving willow .
he looked toward the house and could see that waving willow was not yet ready to leave .
waving willow came out of her house .
red talon watched as wolf eyes walked with waving willow down the path through the houses and out the gate at the palisade .
this corn is ready to pick , said waving willow .
waving willow laughed , and wolf eyes laughed too .
they had learned enough that day to know the identity of wolf eyes and waving willow .
if we can get waving willow in the cornfield alone we can frighten her .
the next morning wolf eyes and waving willow were awakened to the sound of the strong lungs of a new baby .
that is a birth cry , said waving willow .
waving willow stayed for a long time , sitting with three baskets .
he was well occupied by the time waving willow came out .
waving willow was working between the high rows of corn .
no , no harm has come to waving willow .
i will get my weapons , he thought , and talk to waving willow to learn more .
waving willow would not leave the hole so wounded eagle stayed with her , while she mourned .
back in the village , waving willow cleaned her house .
there is nothing like a new baby , said waving willow .
it is good to be here , said waving willow .
waving willow fed me well .
the thought of waving willow rekindled his resolve to fight .
he longed for waving willow .
then waving willow ran to him .
on the opposite side of the fire was waving willow with his baby boy sitting on her lap .
wolf eyes and chief silver eagle were startled by a cougar that walked into the firelight behind waving willow .
four of them rode in diamond formation , rigged for combat in padded leather trousers and the woven willow and buffalo - hide armor jackets they called barmals .
the floor swayed like a willow branch in the breeze .
the gaps between the trees grew spacious , and then they were on level ground , forcing their way through waist - high dead grass , detouring around thick clumps of alder and willow .
flood currents had formed long , narrow hillocks topped by tufts of alder and willow that made conway think of unruly haircuts .
beyond , sharp hills of laurel intermixed with tall arroyo willow , with ravines of short , brilliant green - leaved sandbar willow , rose to high live - oak - covered mountains .
beyond , sharp hills of laurel intermixed with tall arroyo willow , with ravines of short , brilliant green - leaved sandbar willow , rose to high live - oak - covered mountains .
* * * clint and the indians followed a small freshwater stream , its banks lined with cattails , then sandbar willows , fresh with new green , as they rose higher .
a snake , a black yellow - striped racer , slithered with the speed for which it was named , staying ahead of two of the indian boys , then cut a wake through the creek and disappeared into the thick willow stand .
soon the canyon deepened , and willows gave way to sandpaper oaks and laurel , then a few huge canyon oaks and twisting sycamores with hand - size leaves .
two dozen huts of bent willow , woven grass , and mud lined the creek .
women stood near hooped willow stretchers , scraping hides with shells and the sharpened scapula of the very deer whose skins they dressed .
when they had finished , the tall indian led him to a willow hut , and the girl followed .
one of the men reclined on a willow backrest .
as he worked the bent hide - covered willow paddle , he kept a close eye for sails .
the guards who reclined on willow backrests nearby rose , and they too took positions hemming clint in .
deep in that interior valley , known as the ton tache , or tules for its many lakes and marshes lined with cattails , a tall , wide - chested , solidly built man , his torso bare , a loincloth covering his hips , his legs in leather leggins over calf - high moccasins , knelt in a heavy growth of willows .
he left the cover of the willows and began his long trot back to the ton tache village .
the branch stubs were left on the willow frame on which the tule - mat walls were hung and could be rapidly removed or rolled up in case of fire or flood .
finely woven basketswarp of willow and woof of sedge - rood or redbud barkheld the roots , acorns or acorn flour , and wild buck - wheat of the tribe .
he knelt by the fire of a woman who was busily heating rocks , picking them out of the fire with a hooped and sinew - bound willow and dipping them into a cooking basket full of kawwah , wild buckwheat .
eyeing a willow stake and woven - tule fish corral a few yards out in the shallow water , cha thought about setting his men to raiding the supply of fish he knew would have been herded there by the yokuts tribe across the lake , but he did not .
they crashed through a patch of willows , then up into the dry , sage - colored foothills .
some distance away , cha paused amid a stand of thick willows .
by the time clint had worked the ring again , they had disappeared into the willows lining the streambed .
they trailed two extra mounts and chewed jerky as they urged the horses across the sand , passing an occasional clump of buckbrush or willows near the river .
clint admired the big lake beyond , rimmed with tubs , willows , and cottonwoods .
the haebeen valley , where the town of bradenfield was located , was encircled by the saelie river to the north and the rush willow tributary to the south , both of which emptied into the old foss .
chew on this willow bark , '' he said .
her pain was completely gone , so she made a mental note to add some willow bark to her kit in case mellen tried it again .
` ` get me some willow bark for this headache . ''
i still need willow bark .
sending a brain buster meant getting one back , and she did n't have any willow bark .
did n't you find any willow bark ? ''
` ` i need willow bark . ''
` ` they claim they ca n't find any willow trees near the castle . ''
noting that mellen 's headaches had continued , she considered sending him a brain buster now , but realized that she did n't have any willow bark either .
i need the potion and some willow bark . ''
she did n't see another patrol and rode on until she saw a bare willow tree .
the pain was so bad that she thought she had failed -- she sighed and urged her horse on , chewing on the willow bark as she went .
at this point in time , she 'd run out of anything to eat , and there was nothing to forage -- she even ate all of the willow bark .
` ` we came to tell lord odin that a man came to our hut and forced us to give him a bottle of our potion and some willow bark for the elf mellen , '' eclipse said .
` ` the men just got back with the potion and some willow bark . ''
` ` the willow bark eases my pain , but i will need a shadow to heal my head .
appalled , meeka went wide - eyed while furiously shaking her head and making her blonde hair blow like a willow tree in a strong breeze .
they were my daughter willows before we lost her , jack told him , throwing lawrence a very tattered sackcloth with holes cut in it .
did brandice take willow ?
if we could find out we may find willow and be able to return to our own time using the witchs power somehow .
their first step was to find out where gretchen lived , form a plan , find and destroy her treasured item of power where she stored her magic and rescue willow and any others .
they had to get willow back to the village , then run to the waterfall cave .
lawrence broke the cages rusty lock easily , releasing willow who collapsed into his arms .
scooping willow up , he carried her carefully inside .
he felt very sorry for willow and hoped she would be alright .
on the bed willow seemed to be getting worse .
everyone felt very sad hearing about willow .
between the oldest trees a beautiful willow fluttered her branches happily in the warm morning breeze .
lawrence plucked a sprig of willow for luck as they glided between trees at the bottom .
lawrence felt the tiny sprig of willow digging into his thigh .
lawrences tiny sprig of willow had sprouted into a strong young sapling already , and proudly cast a protective shadow over the mountain .
a bright silver light swooped past , granting fleeting glimpses of a towering mountain , a thriving willow , the flashing gold of a fabulous temple and a dancing green light glowing strongly through the magical mist .
but from what i ve heard , oz still cooks down in willow county at his wifes diner .
i do nt know how to get to this willow county .
you do nt need an address in willow .
i d love for willow county to have all kinds of people living here .
but since that whole y2k scare , willow county has been developing technology to keep us safe in the event of a disaster , and with our plans for the future , we just kinda adopted a mindset that differs from our neighbors .
and how is little willow doing ?
as willow was startled out of his rest and scampered from the bed , tomika rolled off of her spot and went to jinas side .
tomika backed out to the hall to start off to the closet a few steps away , but right in her path was the surprise of willow , holding jinas phone in his mouth .
she left her shoes there and went to the kitchen where she found willow curled up and resting by a counter .
hey there , sweetie , tomika said as she knelt to pet willow .
willow rose and walked away .
if only he could ve gotten that big payout from catching that creature during the hunting trip up in willow .
in sleepwear , tomika and jina strolled into the kitchen with willow following at their feet .
she put the pieces into a bowl and placed it in front of willow .
mary and samuel sat in the shade of a sagging willow tree at the edge of the common .
we sat on the swing - bench under the willow tree and for a few minutes neither of us spoke a word .
some of his more recent credits include best new zombie tales vol 1 by books of the dead press , the book of cannibals by living dead press , the vermin anthology , the northern haunts anthology by shroud publishing , the zombology series by library of the living dead press , morpheus tales , wrong world , the willows , alien skin magazine , aurora wolf and more .
a willow drooped its fronds into the river lap .
tessie jumped back and as she did she noticed the painting on tonis wall of a willow tree she had painted in kindergarten was now worn and tattered , giving it a look of a hundred years old .
my hunch is that were imagining things toni , but nonetheless , take a look at that painting of your willow tree on the wall ?
his right hand grabbed for a hand hold in the whip - sized willows growing on the bank above him .
pushing with his knee and with a hard tug on the handful of willow stems in his right hand pulled him out of the creek 's icy grip .
the other signs of the year - long drought were in plain evidence as the thirsty alder and willow leaves twisted and shriveled , their way of conserving moisture , in the heat along with the cattails .
with his skinning knife it only took brad a couple of minutes to cut a six foot piece of willow switch .
he tied these to the tip of the willow switch to make a fishing pole .
cautiously he poked his willow rod through the brush overhanging the water .
the gut leader twanged on the willow pole when brad set the hook .
the arc snapping out of the leader and the sudden dipping of the willow pole were the only warnings that a larger than normal trout had struck his fly .
he cut two lengths of willow from the butt end of his fishing pole .
he leaned the shotgun against a willow bush , not paying any attention to it when it slipped through the fine willow twigs into the deep powder .
he leaned the shotgun against a willow bush , not paying any attention to it when it slipped through the fine willow twigs into the deep powder .
in the fog induced by the hypothermia that was rapidly overtaking him , brad turned away from the willows and brush field to start down the logging road towards the highway .
for several seconds he stood staring at the willow bush where he had leaned the gun .
after a minute , he gave up and kicked at the base of the willow bushes some more .
brad stooped over and took a slow motion kick at the little single barrel shotgun almost falling headlong into the whip - sized willow bushes .
brad picked his way from one logging spur to another then he went up a series of skid trails which were starting to grow up in willows and every other kind of tree seedling which could take root in the granitic soils .
sitting at the edge of the gravesite , the mercenary whittled a small cross from the enormous willow that towered , arms stretching greedily , over the grave .
like a willow tree smugly spitting into the teeth of an oncoming storm , she surveyed the dilapidation of the inner fringe with ' bring it on ! '
but she 's fragile too , just like the willow trees of earth .
he remembered watching film from old earth when he was a boy , seeing a solitary willow tree which seemed to take all that the storm could hurl its wayuntil a final gust ripped it out by its roots .
the tall willows that lined the banning drive swayed slightly in the april breeze , as if to lay sympathetic hands on the small carriage as it drove past , headed toward town .
a belt of willow trees stretched along the bank while , further back , a deep valley was filled with thick ferns , tall totara and other native trees .
the willows twigs are turning yellow and will soon be in bloom , the trees are in full bud , the birds are back rebuilding their nests , the fish are swimming upstream .
the willows were dark green but the other trees were still a lighter hue .
lana and ido were coming back from the creek with bundles of willow switches , laughing and teasing each other .
she guessed from a line of willows that the river must lie there also , then carefully closed the hole again .
there were four : a six inch branch that looked like it had been taken from a willow tree ; a crystal orb whose center was the color of aquamarine ; and a pair of black , onyx - like spheres that had irises etched into their surfaces .
called back tom as he raced off under a big willow tree , its hanging branches swallowing him up .
a myriad fragrances assailed him as he walked quickly along a pathway that led through the centre of the garden , before coming upon a large willow tree , its branches hanging very low , long leaves brushing the ground .
he d kept company with men who rode among the willows and shunned the lawmen who hunted them .
and look how bright yellow the willow branches and twigs are glowing .
i caught a huge catfish from beneath a willow tree and we wrapped it in leaves and cooked it .
there was a reed standing in the river in the shadow of a mighty willow .
you owe me great respect , the willow reminded the reed .
then one day when the river became swollen with the runoff of spring , both the willow and the reed stood in the rush of waters .
the reed bent , the willow resisted .
but the waters increased as did their press and weight , and root by root the willow lost its hold on the soil , toppled and was swept downstream .
doan jumped up and became the willow fighting the current , yielding a root at a time , her branches trailing sadly through the swirling waters .
when willow was not sure she liked this play and started to cry , her mother snatched her up , patting her .
dear willow .
farther on , the way opened up into a wider basin that held a fair sized pond edged by blueberry bushes , some willows and strands of birch trees .
they cut back , still unseen , along the watercourse , and stayed with it all the way down to the red river , which they found , next day , flowing swift between high banks clothed with mesquites , willows , and cottonwoods .
this time dusky had detected a presence in a clump of willows under the canyon wall .
he was about to move on , when there was an answering nicker from the willows .
cocking the sharps , but wishing he had his revolver in his hand , he kneed dusky forward into the willows .
there were also trees and scrub along the river , box elders , willows , and oaks of various kinds .
tall and straight as a willow he is .
it was a short way to a willow trailing its branches in the water .
chaiko pointed to an old willow perched just on the lakeshore , half its crown above the water , the other half over land .
you would not think it , but on a sunny day the fish like to collect in the shadows under this old willow .
it was densely ringed with a border of straggly willows and tall bulrushes and just beyond them , paul could see a couple of moorhens swimming in single file and a stately heron , balanced on one stick like leg , its eye fixed on the water below .
one such island surrounded the big old weeping willow i had created from a shrub .
keeping my eyes on that willow , i swung around in a wide arc , working my way over to the other side of the pond , probing the mud with my toes to avoid ledges and holes obscured by the murk .
basha heard something rush out from the bushes behind him , and he turned his head back around to see the old man , who was tall in his demeanor yet short and stooped with age , facing the bird with a whip that seemed to be shaped from the tendrils of a willow tree .
the group strolled toward the inn , the sleeping willow , which marked the center of ulway .
while approaching the sleeping willow , echo looked at the faces of villagers mulling around shops and strolling along the streets , hoping to catch a glimpse of a familiar face or two .
echos grandfather even closed the sleeping willow on certain days , just so he and his staff could look for his grandson .
he chose to use the long , slender branches of a weeping willow he happened across .
she lightly ducked under the welcoming shade of a brown - vined weeping willow , and looked through the hanging branches as the setting sun turned the wispy clouds various vibrant hues in the darkening sky .
' ah , a curse has been lifted ' , she thought while resting against the trunk of the willow .
sweeping weeping willows framed the white giant , their long arms dipping all the way to its own reflection .
ducks swam in armadas around an island dominated by a weeping willow .
regis groaned and embraced a hefty willow .
the merry burble of a clear stream weaving through old willows soothed his troubled heart .
when thal opened his eyes , he squinted against the glare of the sun dancing brightly through the little willow leaves .
i motioned toward the willow tree mr . antisocial stood against .
the man was tall , taller than andre and slender as a willow branch .
he found himself thinking of corn ripening under blue skies , a fire burning in his loins , a maiden thin as a willow wand leading him to a nest beneath the pines ...
its a mixture of mint and coriander herbs , bound by sap from the golden willow tree , hunor said as she winced in distaste .
a jilted lover may wear a garland made of willows to sooth his pain .
beyond the canyon 's mouth a valley spread , where willows budded by the river bed .
the smiling willows innkeeper sweated constantly from his rolls of fat , and despite katins attempts to bargain , he claimed he had only one room available , and that one smaller than katins cell in the manse .
she remembered the willow switch her mother had kept on the wall of their townhouse , an ever - present threat .
one morning as the road brought them past a copse of willows , he saw what looked like a city shimmering on the horizon .
only the fewest of trees still bore the scars of the events that had occurred and where the ashes of the dead were once piled , there now stood a willow tree , whose branches hung low with the sadness of its weeping .
nona yawned as the frogs began to sing their nighttime songs outside , leaning her head upon her hand as she looked over at tacitus who was in the middle of a diatribe about the healing properties of willow bark .
ill explain later , the old man said , coming up the ladder with a branch - like whip clutched in one of his hands , the willow whip as nisa called it , and it did indeed look like the branch of such a lithe tree .
after that , he had next to nothing to do , so even though his injury made his movements awkward , he stripped to the waist , drew his sword and went through his fighting forms in their entirety , from wind in the willows to ascendant dragon .
when we reached the stopping destination i instructed angel to park slightly hidden under a droopy willow tree about a house away .
earlier , during lunch , they had gotten a penalty eachone for samson throwing food at headmaster blackbells head , and willow had gotten one for turning up to lunch late .
of course we do , professor , answered willow with a smirk .
footsteps nearby prompted rumiko to grab his hand and pull him behind the overhanging leaves of a willow tree .
just inside the gate , under a wide willow tree shining gold , silver , red , stood dorthea , pa and boots the husky .
the horses have taken shelter south - west of the scamander , behind the double lines of willows and tamarisk that line the low banks .
on their left a channel of the scamander whispered , flanked on both sides with willow and tamarisk , lotus and bulrushes .
mursili had wondered why they did nt cut the willow and tamarisk along the scamanders banks , since the trees there were closer and grew straight .
holly nodded , so i continued , '' you 'll grab a towel and your fresh pair of clothes and head to that group of shady willows at the edge of the clearing .
we walked down a path under branches of willow trees to a meadow next to a pond and waterfall .
flowers began blooming all around us and the branches of the willow trees swayed back and forth even though the air was still .
the sound , although extremely unusual , was unmistakable : a wail of despair , such as very young mates emitted in moments of childish anger , anguish or physical distress , before their acquaintance with a willow switch that scarred the skin of their backs for life and taught them to rein their feelings no matter how overwhelming .
and the morning after , while they crouched by a creek to drink and wash themselves , yonfi was approached by an otter , followed it to a spot where the water deepened and ran beneath a bridge formed by the interwoven roots of two willows , and promptly returned with an armful of writhing trout , whose fishing not even he could explain .
and then he reached the gates and his traitorous fantasy crumbled in a single stroke for instead of the four - horse carriage and the armed and mounted escort he d been expecting , there stood before him an old , black , mangy mare , with a filthy pile of sackloth in the place of a proper saddle , and , hanging from a sheath across her flank , a sword so tarnished and blunt that even if he d been a master swordsman ( which he was most definitely not ; carving knives were the closest thing to a weapon he had ever held ) he could inflict with it as much injury as with a willow switch or a sprig of rosemary .
dan and tar stood beneath an expansive weeping willow tree in the front yard .
in the cool shade of the willow , dan shivered .
~~~~~ dan watched anne from the shadows of the weeping willow , wondering what she was most afraid of now .
anne peeled her burning gaze from the waving tendrils of the old weeping willow tree and blinked at grace .
and , he supposed the decision had been made under that weeping willow tree , when he had been thinking about chucky , and billy bibbit , and martin klamsky .
standing under the weeping willow tree with tar .
thalla retired to bed , curling up beside the dwindling fire , and ifferon began to doze against the great trunk of a willow tree , which , while sparse in foliage , gave a canopy of cover from the bleak , black sky .
chapter 1 : the grey family the grey family lived in the small town of willow .
some of their neighbours would even say they were blessed to have survived the trials and tribulations that they had faced throughout their years in willow .
he was slim ; but musculara gym regular at the willow university of arts and technology where he studied history and literatureand was also quite tall for his age .
although he lived in the much bigger city of paradise , which was an hour and half drive away from willow , he was always over for dinner on sunday nights .
he was daydreaming of a trip away from willow .
chapter 3 : messages from the beyond that night , jack dreamed he was flying above willow with the night 's wind cold against his skin , ruffling his hair and clothing and stinging his eyes .
then after that , the willow university of technology .
he had linked it to your home in willow , jack , hiding it inside the old shed in the backyard .
thomas wanted to stay in willow .
i believe he was going to finally tell her everything and take you all away from willow before it was too late ... mathias let his last words trail into the ambiguity of the night .
his face plastered on every streetlight and telephone pole in willow .
but ... rowan looked at jack for support ; but found none in a wide , amused smile , then said , he really loves willow .
they have so much more than willow .
all their belts were low , due to their extended time in willow , hiding from its inhabitants .
there has been no word since our last night in willow .
chapter 11 : war council a large , yellow moon , like a cat 's eye , pierced the night sky , glaring down on willow through the scant , charcoal wisps of night - cloud .
he said that the scent had been found , and kaelan 's attention would now be heavy on willow .
and the photo back on his bedside table in willow .
when the rooftops of willow disappeared below the horizon behind the running pack of revenant , the steep slope of the mountain began to schism , and the road was gradually shouldered on either side by a rising land shelf .
after a brief stop in willow for caleb to say goodbye to his parents , the chevy and van left the small town under a clear skythe storm had fully passed , and the summer sun sat radiant amongst the fluffy clouds .
i mean , i did a bachelor of arts back in willow because it required the least credentials to get accepted .
copyright 2012 cynthia p. willow .
some of the animals dug a grave on rumbleflin and nevaehs property , near a weeping willow tree that had survived the fire thirteen years ago .
about the author cynthia p. willow writes christian fiction and fantasy for all ages .
hae terrae is a giant weeping willow , stretching a hundred feet into the air .
open floor spaces shouldered roses of many , while hand - carved swing benches hung beneath white - feathered willows .
golden weeping willows , a rare sight to my eyes , could be seen drifting over the pond , reflecting from the water , just barely touching it .
your brother has a stash of poppy and white willow bark .
he found the willow wine salon and walked in to a small sitting room decorated lavishly to look like a forest .
when he opened his eyes , challis and the throne room were gone , replaced with the carpets and decorated walls of the willow wine salon .
when river willows is accused of a murder she did n't commit , her life takes a turn toward the sanctuary of a world existing at right - angles to our own .
willows fill with a fine green mist and they guess at late february or early march .
chapter 34 the two keys willows outside are filling with green mist , so early april , when seymour sets to work on coaxing the key to room 147 from the cleaning girl .
remembers the pattern of the lace on the windows and the faded wallpaper repeating a shepherd blowing into a flute beneath a weeping willow .
the vines were covered with small silver leaves and many colored flowers , similar to earths weeping willow .
the beast ran straight at willow who was unable to move out of its way .
in my gloved right hand , i carried a library copy of dune , in my left was a dried pussy willow branch with which i cut the air like an pe .
with fishing creel and tackle in hand , he made his way to the waters edge , dug up some worms and fashioned a pole from a willow .
then the leader cut left onto a little - used animal trail that threaded through some boulders and stunted trees , ending in a small clearing , with willows suggesting a creek on the far side .
oughta be some nice , soft , moss under those willows , there .
sure enough , it was cool in the shade of the willows , and soon they found a reasonable amount of moss .
a long walk she chose a route that allowed her to approach the lean - to from the back , and peered through the thinning screen of willows .
here the lazy willows shaded the pond , their fingers tickling the surface of the still waters over which houses were suspended in air .
the blighted house there beneath the shade of the willow weeping , wounded and seeping and curtained in darkness , lies a dark secret .
up and up and up it went , shutting out the light without , and the weeping of the weeping willow .
tall as a willow and just as graceful , like a warm breeze caressing its cascade of branches .
raymond let those thoughts drift away for the moment like the lure on his line , tugging on his pole while he rested his broad shoulders against the tall willow down the hill from their cottage .
po let out a snort and they both sat back against the willows wide trunk , pos fishing malfunction momentarily fixed .
po remarked , picking up his pole again as he sat down by the willow tree .
throwing down his pole , he punched the side of the willow tree .
five seconds left ... four he pushed through the anarchy of competing forest brush , a mixture of ivy and willow leaves piled amongst three years of untended weeds .
getting to the edge of the lake , the man crouched , and in an instant , propelled himself higher than the top of the massive willow tree back at his grandpas cabin , grabbing hold of the choppers landing skids and pulling himself in .
i have three big sisters ember , willow and fallon , along with three big brothers tray , jaysen and reid .
some of the credit for my inventive and unique routines goes to my sisters ember , willow and fallon .
we also remained until willow gave birth to my nephew , mikey .
my g - mom needs to share that sneaky strategy with tray and willow .
although biologically - speaking tray is embers brother , he and his wife , willow adopted her .
tray and willow had both given me this same piece of advice .
tray and willow happened to be standing close enough to hear my comment .
he fell over in hysterics and willow rushed to the closest bathroom to prevent an embarrassing accident .
and , willow came home with mikey .
it looks like willow and i can swing it at 1:00 a.m .
ember , willow , reid and fallon were nowhere to be found .
one of those witnesses was willows father , marten .
and , willows in the same boatshe ca nt get out of her stuff either .
before i became a sealed member of this family , i spent part of a summer travelling like a gypsy , across the country with ember , tray and willow .
she was going shopping with willow after lunch , to buy my gypsy outfits .
lastly , all fashion accessories have to be mom and willow approved until this gypsy wedding business is over i stated , humorously .
momma - c and willow had even bought me a huge case filled with make - up and an even larger case of accessories .
she listened to me talk about my new clothes while silently admiring willows mustang .
i parked willows car under a light near the surveillance camera .
no , daddy - jax and momma - g , ember and jaysen , and tray and willow are .
but , willow claims the agony was so intense when she gave birth to quinn in this realm , that she actually felt her heart stop beating at various points .
now , she has zander , ember , tray , jaysen , willow , fallon , reid and me .
but , stick was still hanging around , holding paris hand and making small talk with willow and fallon the safer of my family options .
yeah , poppy would ve been taking names and placing bounties on the heads of those who had any involvement willow told us .
pajamas ondirty clothes go in the hampernot on the floor , willow stated and pointed them to their rooms upstairs to get dressed for bed .
i have a feeling mikey can take down his brother in a fight too , but willow was present when we were discussing it .
i think we practiced and giggled too much because we both fell asleep willow stated .
tray and willow always take their turn on the weekend during the school year .
i wanted her to see all the gypsy outfits momma - c and willow bought me .
yeah , me toomine took willow and a blowtorch .
i ca nt wait to see the result if willow discovers that , you can find me ducking behind grandma upon your return , i offered .
if she finds out , tray wo nt have any safe place to hidenot even grandma can stop willow if she s motivated and on a protective mommy rampage , he replied , humorously .
he kissed her and winked at willow .
and , willow and fallons idea to invite our clothing designer to the warming was a stroke of genius grandma edie declared and my sisters blushed .
going home or back to willows parked car is not an option .
i hope he had a memorable , passionate night with willow .
yes , as in ember , jaysen , tray and willow are all in their respective bedrooms ? ?
then , they went to the house of evn tides to see if they could get the channel withdrawn from tray and willow .
how long did you spend with willow ?
well , yes i was nt around then , but i can safely declare that you wanted them to be together , together from the minute willow came back into your lives grandma told her and ember gasped .
your mom and dad were nt now before i have anyone brave up and remind me that traywick and willow were nt technically married until their honeymoon , let me say this .
i m not suggesting traywick and willow could ve jumped into the baby making phase without having a holy , official union .
i ca nt and i wo nt take that away from tray or quinn , not if i have any say so in the matter ill even chain myself to a tent in the arboretum for a week if that s what it takes willow stated , impishly and ember burst out laughing .
head between knees willow commanded .
i listened in terrified silence as my moms and my sister , willow discussed how their husbands would give them enough strength to keep breathing through the agony of labor .
he twisted his head enough to see a floorboard a few feet away quiver and then suddenly bow upward , as if made from supple , living willow rather than dried oak .
up woke willow - man , began upon his singing , sang tom fast asleep under branches swinging ; in a crack caught him tight : snick !
' you let me out again , old man willow !
willow - man let him loose when he heard him speaking ; locked fast his wooden house , muttering and creaking , whispering inside the tree .
go back to sleep again on your straw pillow , like fair goldberry and old man willow ! '
go back to grassy mound , on your stony pillow lay down your bony head , like old man willow , like young goldberry , and badger - folk in burrow !
old tom bombadil lay upon his pillow sweeter than goldberry , quieter than the willow , snugger than the badger - folk or the barrow - dwellers ; slept like a humming - top , snored like a bellows .
lamps gleamed within his house , and white was the bedding ; in the bright honey - moon badger - folk came treading , danced down under hill , and old man willow tapped , tapped at window - pane , as they slept on the pillow , on the bank in the reeds river - woman sighing heard old barrow - wight in his mound crying .
sitting on the door - step chopping sticks of willow , while fair goldberry combed her tresses yellow .
out from elvet - isle old swan came sailing , in beak took her painter up in the water trailing , drew her proudly on ; otters swam beside her round old willow - man 's crooked roots to guide her ; the king 's fisher perched on bow , on thwart the wren was singing , merrily the cockle - boat homeward they were bringing .
beside the rotting river - strand the drooping willows weep , and gloomily the gorcrows stand croaking in their sleep .
alders were sleeping , and willows weeping by a slow river of rippling weeds ; gladdon - swords guarded the fords , and green spears , and arrow - reeds .
his neck felt like a willow branch , his head like a lead weight .
she told them , in her mellifluous cornish drawl , which trees they should be wary of , in the old rhyme : elm , he do brood and oak , he do hate , but the willow - man goes walking , if you stays out late .
they took him to the nearest town , where his tooth was pulled ; but it was too late , and the blood poisoning carried him off , black - faced and groaning , and they buried him beneath his favorite willow tree .
` ` it 's made of ground willow bark , things like that . ''
we hold the willow tree in high regard . ''
they were feasted on the banks of the wei river in an old pavilion overlooking rustling wheat fields , on hot milky soup and skewers of mutton , three sheep roasted together on a spit for temeraire , and the magistrate ceremonially broke sprigs of willow in farewell as they left : wishes for a safe return .
a moment later , he opened his eyes , and amara pressed a cup of bitter willow tea into his hands .
one garim hung thrashing fifteen feet above the forest floor in a willow tree , where dozens of the slender branches had seemingly reached down and wrapped around it .
the garim trapped in the willow snarled and tore its way free of the grasp - ing limbs and fell to the ground behind bernard .
one of the planks of the deck abruptly folded , supple as a willow wand , and came down over tavi 's knife hand , pinning it painfully to the deck 's wooden surface .
bernard went to a willow tree beside the swamp , and drew off a dozen larger branches .
one of them evinced a slight gouge , but other than that , tavi may as well have struck the furycrafted steel with a willow branch .
the land rose steadily , the willows and fronds of the swamps dying away , replaced by fir and pine .
made of good cherrywood , banded with willow , it was an elegant piece , but more important , it protected my spell components , kept them fresh and prevented people from meddling with them .
which should have been isaac 's cue to leave as well ... except the black sedan that had driven by at dawn had rematerialized from an alley off willow street and gotten right on her bumper .
he closed his eyes for a moment , and the chair in his hands abruptly twisted and writhed , suddenly as lithe as a willow branch .
through the whispers of the willows , one leaf strives to survive but endangered from the wind and branches , it slowly starts to die though maybe that 's what 's better for it ; to give up , surrender , and make peace then perhaps it will taste the powerful freedom of the wind .
it 's got willow reinforcing all the way up to the point and eighteen pockets inside .
' that 's the willow reinforcement , ' she said , as the pointy hat creaked back into shape like a resurrecting umbrella .
' stop a hammer blow , a hat with willow reinforcement .
' it 's the willow reinforcement , ' said a voice behind granny .
willow leaves , tansy leaves , old man 's trousers leaves ...
several times he thought he 'd found an exit , but it led only to a courtyard within the huge building , filled with tinkling fountains and willow trees .
it had willow trees , and a pretty lady on a bridge feeding the birds .
the willow tree was bent .
a hat was being ... constructed on it , with thin strips of willow and pins and stiff black doth .
` ` abe reckoned it was tucked in under the fallen willow , you know ?
there was a road running between an avenue of damp and gloomy willow trees .
terpsic watched in horrified fascination as the indistinct figure behind the willow trees cast and cast again .
there were some hoary old willows here , and the river flowed , or at any rate moved , in a horseshoe bend around a small newt - haunted meadow known rather optimistically as wizards pleasaunce .
a breeze shook the willow trees in a totally unmysterious way .
the fool sagged on to a willow log .
his silent whisper was no louder than the wind whistling through the willow tree beside us .
the body of water looked placid , surrounded by tall willows weeping into the lush grass .
the wind began to pick up , a hot breeze that rustled the live oak and weeping willows that lined the house 's yard , obscuring most of the place from the road .
around a tall old willow tree whose trailing tendrils brushed marsh 's face as gently as a woman 's hand .
then , without a pause , he whirled toward the fire fury shaped like an animate , walking willow tree , flinging out his hand , and the water of the defeated lizard fury rushed toward the tree .
demos raised his left hand and made a twisting motion , and the railing around the stern side of the deck suddenly bowed , as if made of a supple willow switch , and snared one of the vordknights around the ankle .
nash was referring to his first transformation , when he chased me through willow park , and another when he burst through the doors of our spring dance and almost attacked me .
meet me at willow park .
` ` we are all set , '' i told brandon when i saw him later that day at willow park .
one of the mercenaries on the ground , wielding a forty - pound maul in one hand as though it weighed no more than a willow switch , swung his huge weapon at pirellus .
a willow , not terribly tall but set in a clump of other willows , offering concealment in those long , flowing tresses .
a willow , not terribly tall but set in a clump of other willows , offering concealment in those long , flowing tresses .
while i ' ve been concealed by darkness and the sleeping bag and the willow branches , it has probably been difficult for the cameras to get a good shot of me .
i give a small cough , swallow hard , and begin : deep in the meadow , under the willow a bed of grass , a soft green pillow lay down your head , and close your sleepy eyes and when again they open , the sun will rise .
he found that he was whistling tunelessly as the endless forests beneath the van slowly changed from blackwort and devilwood to the local conifer - equivalents : iceroot , creeping willow , hierba .
wide - branched perdida willows with black trunks shaped like half - melted women ; towering pescados blancos , named for the paleness of their leaves and the oceanic scent of their sap ; halfmobile colonies of coral moss with bright pink skeletons peeking out from beneath the rich green flesh .
maiwenn ruled the willow land and was very much against storm king 's prophecy coming true .
` ` i hear she 's visited the willow land quite a bit . ''
he and maiwenn the willow queen had once been lovers ; they 'd even had a daughter together .
the only transition between my land and the oak land was a brief stint in the willow land .
she agreed ... she agreed she 'd come in person , but only if the talks were held in the willow land .
but it was back to the willow land .
the willow queen . ''
in the midst of it there wound lazily a dark river of brown water , bordered with ancient willows , arched over with willows , blocked with fallen willows , and flecked with thousands of faded willow - leaves .
in the midst of it there wound lazily a dark river of brown water , bordered with ancient willows , arched over with willows , blocked with fallen willows , and flecked with thousands of faded willow - leaves .
in the midst of it there wound lazily a dark river of brown water , bordered with ancient willows , arched over with willows , blocked with fallen willows , and flecked with thousands of faded willow - leaves .
in the midst of it there wound lazily a dark river of brown water , bordered with ancient willows , arched over with willows , blocked with fallen willows , and flecked with thousands of faded willow - leaves .
the air was thick with them , fluttering yellow from the branches ; for there was a warm and gentle breeze blowing softly in the valley , and the reeds were rustling , and the willow - boughs were creaking .
it 's cool under the willows .
they gave themselves up to the spell and fell fast asleep at the foot of the great grey willow .
a tremor ran through the whole willow .
the branches of the willow began to sway violently .
it seemed to him that he could hardly hear the sound of his own shrill voice : it was blown away from him by the willow - wind and drowned in a clamour of leaves , as soon as the words left his mouth .
fal lal the willow !
poor old willow - man , you tuck your roots away !
' old man willow ?
old man willow ! '
tom sprang away , and breaking off a hanging branch smote the side of the willow with it .
' you let them out again , old man willow ! '
heed no hoary willow !
nor shall i be passing old man willow 's house this side of spring - time , not till the merry spring , when the river - daughter dances down the withy - path to bathe in the water .
fear no grey willow ! '
he wondered if there were willow - trees close to the house ; and then suddenly he had a dreadful feeling that he was not in an ordinary house at all , but inside the willow and listening to that horrible dry creaking voice laughing at him again .
he wondered if there were willow - trees close to the house ; and then suddenly he had a dreadful feeling that he was not in an ordinary house at all , but inside the willow and listening to that horrible dry creaking voice laughing at him again .
moving constantly in and out of his talk was old man willow , and frodo learned now enough to content him , indeed more than enough , for it was not comfortable lore .
but none were more dangerous than the great willow : his heart was rotten , but his strength was green ; and he was cunning , and a master of winds , and his song and thought ran through the woods on both sides of the river .
why , i knew some good old willows down the entwash , gone long ago , alas !
the land was green : in the wet meads and along the grassy borders of the stream grew many willow - trees .
there he goes , away down by the ford , like a shadow among the willows . '
so might a child threaten a mail - clad knight with a bow of string and green willow !
he went without himself ; and now as once more the night of mordor closed over them , through all his thoughts there came the memory of water ; and every brook or stream or fount that he had ever seen , under green willow - shades or twinkling in the sun , danced and rippled for his torment behind the blindness of his eyes .
aunt zelda made up copious amounts of willow bark infusions that jenna patiently fed to the rat through a small dropper .
i ' ve put some yarrow leaves under his bandage , and i ' m just boiling him up some willow bark tea .
aunt zelda allowed herself a small , strained smile as she stirred the willow bark around a large copper pan .
` ` the willow land , '' said finn .
maiwenn , queen of the willow land , believes he was evil incarnate .
` ` the willow queen . ''
` ` eugenie , this is maiwenn , queen of the willow land . ''
she did n't look like a willow queen .
nonetheless , i find it unlikely the willow queen is involved .
` ` besides , the willow queen is not an adolescent girl who would risk her rule to take petty revenge .
this proved doubly true when the crossroads in the willow land deposited me within eyesight of her castle .
thus it was that with the full day they set forth , and passed slowly and warily out of the country of reeds and low willows , and came to the grey woods that covered much of the southern plain before nargothrond .
when silas had left the graveyard to go about his own affairs , bod walked to the willow tree beside the old chapel , and called caius pompeius .
tom had been buried so long ago that his stone was just a weathered rock , and he had lived and died during the hundred years war with france , while miss euphemia ( 1861 - 1883 , she sleeps , aye , yet she sleeps with angels ) had been buried in victorian times , after the graveyard had been expanded and extended and became , for some fifty years , a successful commercial enterprise , and she had a whole tomb to herself behind a black door in the willow walk .
tasarinan is the land of willows , nan - tathren in thesilmarillion ; the early word - lists or dictionaries give the ' elvish ' form tasarin ' willow ' and the gnomish tathrin .
tasarinan is the land of willows , nan - tathren in thesilmarillion ; the early word - lists or dictionaries give the ' elvish ' form tasarin ' willow ' and the gnomish tathrin .
here the song of small birds shrilled about him with a music of loveliness , for there are no birds that sing like the songbirds of the land of willows ; and to this region of wonder he had now come .
here the river wound in wide curves with low banks through a great plain of the sweetest grass and very long and green ; willows of untold age were about its borders , and its wide bosom was strewn with waterlily leaves , whose flowers were not yet in the earliness of the year , but beneath the willows the green swords of the flaglilies were drawn , and sedges stood , and reeds in embattled array .
here the river wound in wide curves with low banks through a great plain of the sweetest grass and very long and green ; willows of untold age were about its borders , and its wide bosom was strewn with waterlily leaves , whose flowers were not yet in the earliness of the year , but beneath the willows the green swords of the flaglilies were drawn , and sedges stood , and reeds in embattled array .
here saw he the first butterflies and was glad of the sight ; and it is said that all butterflies and their kindred were born in the valley of the land of willows .
nor were they strong against the magic of that place of willows , for very great was its enchantment .
so came they after many days -- for they went slowly and got their sustenance very hardly -- to those great heaths and morasses above the land of willows , and voronwe knew not those regions .
yet came they at last to the great pools and the edges of that most tender land of willows ; and the very breath of the winds thereof brought rest and peace to them , and for the comfort of that place the grief was assuaged of those who mourned the dead in that great fall .
but they who arose from the grasses of the land of willows in years after and fared away to sea , when spring set celandine in the meads and they had held sad festival in memorial of glorfindel , these numbered but three hundreds and a score of men and man - children , and two hundreds and three score of women and maid - children .
here the journey takes far longer : he left falasquil in ' the latest days of summer ' ( as still in the later tuor ) but he went down all the coast of beleriand to the mouths of sirion , and it was the summer of the following year when he lingered in the land of willows .
only in its place in the narrative structure is there resemblance between ulmo 's visitation of tuor in the land of willows in a summer twilight and his tremendous epiphany out of the rising storm on the coast at vinyamar .
it is however most remarkable that the old vision of the land of willows and its drowsy beauty of river - flowers and butterflies was not lost , though afterwards it was voronwe , not tuor , who wandered there , devising names , and who stood enchanted ' knee - deep in the grass ' ( p. 155 ; later tuor p. 35 ) , until his fate , or ulmo lord of waters , carried him down to the sea .
156 -- 8 ) of tuor 's journey to gondolin , apart from his sojourn in the land of willows , little is told in the tale , and voronwe only appears late in its course as the one noldo who was not too fearful to accompany him further ; of voronwe 's history as afterwards related there is no word , and he is not an elf of gondolin .
it is notable that the noldoli who guided tuor northwards from the land of willows call themselves thralls of melko .
one would suppose that they came down into dimbar , and so ' fleeing southward by weary and dangerous marches they came at length to nan - tathren , the land of willows ' .
but the land of willows , below the region of sirion 's underground passage , is placed as it was to remain .
( iv ) noldorin in the land of willows .
encampment in the land of willows of first host .
there have been previous references in the lost tales to a battle in tasarinan , the land of willows : in the tale of turambar ( pp .
an isolated note states : { 2 ) noldorin escapes from the defeat of the land of willows and takes his harp and goes seeking in the iron mountains for valwe and the gnomes until he finds their place of imprisonment .
the camp in the land of willows .
there many willows changed the aspect of the earth and skies where feeding brooks wound in by sluggish ways , and down the margin of the sailing thames around his broad old bosom their old stems were bowed , and subtle shades lay on his streams where their grey leaves adroop o'er silver pools did knit a coverlet like shimmering jewels of blue and misty green and filtering gleams .
nantsthrin this name does not occur in the last tales , where the land of willows is called tasarinan , but gl gives it ( see i .
265 ( sirion ) ) and nfg has an entry : ' dor - tathrin was that land of willows of which this and many a tale tells . '
on a lawn a mile away , sukhvinder jawanda was vomiting river water beneath a willow tree , while an old lady pressed blankets around her that were already as sodden as sukhvinder 's clothes .
across from them sat monica , the tall , svelte fox alpha of willow .
she valued the willow 's intuition and used it her leadership .
wind got up , and the willows along the river - bank bent and sighed .
alder and willow !
when they glimpsed the turrets of the inn above some willows , dunk donned his sweaty tunic once again and stopped to splash some water on his face .
ser glendon flowers , the knight of the pussy willows .
then finwe lived in sorrow ; and he went often to the gardens of lorien , and sitting beneath the silver willows beside the body of his wife he called her by her names .
and the river narog rose in the falls of ivrin in the southern face of dor - lomin , and flowed some eighty leagues ere he joined sirion in nan - tathren , the land of willows .
the orcs and the wolves went freely through all the north , and came ever further southward into beleriand , even as far as nantathren , the land of willows , and the borders of ossiriand , and none were safe in field or wild .
thus led by tuor son of huor the remnant of gondolin passed over the mountains , and came down into the vale of sirion ; and fleeing southward by weary and dangerous marches they came at length to nan - tathren , the land of willows , for the power of ulmo yet ran in the great river , and it was about them .
and they made a feast in memory of gondolin and of the elves that had perished there , the maidens , and the wives , and the warriors of the king ; and for glorfindel the beloved many were the songs they sang , under the willows of nan - tathren in the waning of the year .
the course of the stream meandered around rocky knolls and forlorn willows , through bare brown hills and fields of dead and dying grain .
for the moment , though , the tangled underbrush along the chequy water was still thick with thorny vines , nettles , and tangles of briarwhite and young willow .
we parked on a main street next to what looked like the most picturesque town graveyard i 'd ever seen , all gracefully sculpted willow trees , manicured grass , artfully aged tombstones .
` ` everything 's ready to go to the willow land , '' she told me .
before long , we crossed to the willow land and slammed into its freezing temperatures .
the willow queen appeared to be surrounded by a throng of people .
` ` songwood 's in the willow land , is n't it ?
` ` i ' m sorry to bother you ... but a messenger just arrived from the willow land . ''
` ` to the willow queen and her child , '' i said , holding my cup in the air .
but i have n't heard of the willow queen doing that . ''
` ` i believe , '' she added primly , ` ` that the willow queen shares my views . ''
we 're toasting the birth of the next king or queen of the willow land . ''
` ` i wanted you to go to the willow land and see if there 's any news . ''
` ` the servants of the willow land report joyfully that their queen has given birth to a daughter .
i was growing better at convincing rurik to let me leave without an escort , and kiyo and i were able to make good time to the willow land .
spring was progressing rapidly in the willow land when we arrived .
her people are loyal , and both the oak king and the willow queen have taken up the search . ''
it was time for spring to arrive , time for new shoots to peek through the winter 's thatch and for buds to sprout on the thin - branched willows .
they passed out of the camp , moving to a spot where a pair of willow trees stood side by side .
lanky arrela and graceful lacile joined her at the base of the two willows .
a massive draping willow grew from the side of the pond here , hanging down branches like braids to dangle above the water .
tongues of flames flickered as men laughed , sitting on logs or rocks , someone occasionally digging into the coals with a twisted branch and stirring tiny sparks into the air as his friends sang ` ` come ye maids '' or ` ` fallen willows at noon . ''
it was a familiar song , ` ` the wind that shakes the willows . ''
we gathered the finest branches we could from the forest , especially the willow branches from along the stream , and we lived in these booths , all of us , men , women , children as if they were our houses , and we sang the happy psalms .
` ` willow 's bark or cat 's claw would prevent that . ''
they camped that night near a narrow stream bordered by slender willows .
i went to bed with a backside red as an apple , but my mother brought me soup so i would n't catch pneumonia , and olivia and delilah piled in bed with me and read from my favorite book , the wind in the willows .
and so she lived happily ever after and the tree was named a weeping willow like the kind they had outside in the front yard .
throwing up , day after day , in the toilet , clutching the porcelain for support ; sheets stained with blood and water ; the willow tree running its long thin fingers along the ground , as though searching , searching for something .
sandra 's voice , or a voice from long ago , from beneath the willow tree .
` ` we 're burying dad under the weeping willow , '' he said .
` ` under the willow tree . ''
i thought she would be warm - in the blanket , in the ground , under the willow tree .
` ` amy made me dig under the willow tree , '' minna said , looking around the room as though she expected to be accused of unearthing the body deliberately .
` ` they bury her under the willow tree , '' amy said happily , wiggling in trenton 's arms .
trenton could see birds wheeling in the sky , and the soft waterfall silhouette of the weeping willow .
the guy took the plant from marcus and placed it behind a weeping willow outside cukors front gate .
do you see how the fresh yellow - green leaves of the weeping willows contrast with the darker green of the laurels and yews that have been placed on the earth banks behind them ?
the willows and the elm trees remind me so much of the english countryside .
next , the skin is pulled together , covered with willow bark and wrapped securely in place with clean muslin cloth .
he placed a willow basket , soft pink fleece covering it , with a white rose on top , in her lap .
grant opened the willow basket on the carriage floor .
` ` if you want to help , get me some willow bark .
two sisters brought in a container with the willow water and scurried out .
your tender loving care and your willow water saved many lives .
have you a willow tree in the area ?
there be a grove of willows just down the meadow .
i know not what , but there seems to be something in the willow that helps to ease pain .
the host set foot at a strip of beach lined with groves of dusky poplars and drooping willows .
the lake of sacrifice was a large , open stretch of water surrounded by willow , sedge and flowering rushes .
but after spring discovered the garden , she brought from the south turquoise for the willows , rubies for the rose . ''
along their way through the willow trees folk turned to see them and loosed shouts of sudden inspiration , shouts of one people , one people .
in a big glade of the willow growth at dawn they gathered for a memorial , or funeral for the absent .
were in the wild willows of the qorqonag , the barbarian north , thank god .
once they were done with the rug he led them on foot around the ancient , craggy , green - haired king of the willows , who stood for vigorous life itself and zest .
as far up as the kink grew dwarf willow , the universal willow of which the shaman sang : to strike root throughout the world is the fate of the willow tree : my great , grievous fate is to weep for each soul i see ...
as far up as the kink grew dwarf willow , the universal willow of which the shaman sang : to strike root throughout the world is the fate of the willow tree : my great , grievous fate is to weep for each soul i see ...
as far up as the kink grew dwarf willow , the universal willow of which the shaman sang : to strike root throughout the world is the fate of the willow tree : my great , grievous fate is to weep for each soul i see ...
they frog - hopped in the bogs , and like the carts that bumped and bounced on the withies elastic purchase in the ooze , they trampolined on willow tangle .
temujin and jochi had the line wound on a willow branch ; from above in the tree they yelled and attempted to reel in .
the couple of lines on the willow in chapter 4 are from shamans and elders : experience , knowledge , and power among the daur mongols by caroline humphrey with urgunge onon , 1996 .
outside the willow trees were in full foliage , and the world looked happy and at peace with itself .
soon it was aflame , illuminating the lake and the willow trees that overhung it .
i looked for things to do at home , replanting flowerbeds , cropping leaves and branches from shrubs and willows , and even changed some of the rose bushes .
amber touched willow 's arm .
we ' ve been here a month , willow said in a low voice .
he 's willow 's hero .
he 's watching , maybe , willow said .
chapter 2 he likes you , as usual , willow said .
men are so stupid , willow said .
gigi , willow said to herself .
only if it is all right with willow , amber said , kicking willow in the ankle .
only if it is all right with willow , amber said , kicking willow in the ankle .
ah , willow , ahnree said , wrenching his eyes from amber who was becoming ever more elusive , more of a muse .
it 's not so bad , being admired , she told willow .
i ' ve got to get a job soon , willow said , taking another bite of salad .
willow resorted to a stream of postcardsmaple trees in october , scenes of the ashokan reservoir , and one of the tiny old catholic church peeping out of the trees .
when it got dark , willow would just as soon go to bed with a book .
art was considerate and rather handsome , willow conceded .
long hair is a pain , willow said dismissively , although she was proud of hers and brushed it thoroughly every day .
all right , i am conventional , amber said , breaking into willow 's reverie .
amber was n't really awake , willow knew .
if i were gay , willow thought , i could go for amber .
shortly after amber left , willow considered the house ( clean ) , her hair ( brushed ) , and the rest of the day ( free ) .
bernard has a handsome mustache , willow thought .
problems , willow thought .
patrick waved willow over .
you know willow ?
they had never spoken , but willow had the feeling that he knew more about her than she did about him .
patrick asked willow as she sat down .
it 's a female thing , willow said to wendell who might or might not be accepting this .
amber had come in twice during the week , once with willow and once with a builder named art .
chapter 4 willow lifted groceries from the bicycle basket , took them inside , and set them on the counter with a satisfying thump .
amber owed art a meal , and willow had volunteered to cook .
it rested a moment as willow filled with a mixture of elation and deep humility .
that 's it , willow said to herselftwo notes descending , a major third .
willow could see a clearing and part of a roof line through the trees .
this is my mother , heidi , ah , willow .
my mother plays , too , willow said .
the whole idea was that willow would open the deli and let her sleep .
good morning , willow .
thanks , willow .
oh , great , willow said .
i 'll pass out numbers at the news shop , willow said .
neat idea , willow said .
maybe i will , willow said .
impressive , willow said .
different from science , willow said , but useful .
he walked past the news shop and ann 's deli and turned down the hill to deanie 's for a celebratory steak , still wondering what had upset willow .
chapter 6 willow followed amber and art across a small stream .
i wonder if patrick will show , willow said .
here we go again , willow thought .
martin went for a refill and returned a few minutes later as willow was looking around the meadow .
joe burke stood near the piano with a blondeleggy , like me , willow thought , but better looking .
we ' ve got to fight back , willow said .
at ahnree 's driveway , willow said might as well walk me home .
she was older than willow .
the next morning he thought of willow as he was closing the front door behind him .
oh , willow he turned in the doorway .
the next afternoon , willow was at the depresso before him , absorbed in a paperback .
they ate dinner and walked to byrdcliffe , taking turns pushing willow 's bike .
they do n't care at the drug store , willow said .
when he thought of willow during the day , he felt easy and excited at the same time .
as he settled into bed , he realized that even though he had n't seen willow , she had been there in some sense .
chapter 8 willow brought home strawberries and made a shortcake .
amber smiled as she asked , and willow saw that amber had already accepted this new reality and was being a good friend , playing devil 's advocate .
amber volunteered to reassure willow 's parents when she returned to california , and willow promised to write letters from the wild world .
amber volunteered to reassure willow 's parents when she returned to california , and willow promised to write letters from the wild world .
maybe she was n't so alone , willow said .
no dump , willow said .
i mean , there 's nothing wrong with clara , but willow is my name .
oh , willow , i hope you 're being careful .
the sure came from a deep place that resonated with a similar place in willow .
i 'll do it this afternoon , willow said , before i meet patrick .
i bet it sells fast , willow said .
it 's a good deal for her , willow said .
i have news , too , willow said .
i ' m not supposed to cheer , willow said .
he enjoys it , willow said .
that 's what i do best , willow said .
he was interesting , willow said .
amber , willow said .
she 's hanging in there , willow said .
willow sipped coffee .
willow finished her coffee .
we were talking about woodstock last night , actually , willow said .
her toes root and her calves and thighs become the firm stock of a great - breasted weeping willow , tall as the house and so heavily bursting with clusters of catkinstiny , yellowish green flowersthat it appears to be embracing the house .
they always raced to the willow tree on the other side , but first they had to wade through the bulrushes .
the willow tree is huge , hundreds of years old , well at least in my dream .
the 13th century church was some distance from the village surrounded by an old moat , some four feet deep framed by willow trees , whilst emerald reeds waved in black water .
jessie gazed at the sun - dappled leaves of the weeping willow trailing slender branches into the waters .
jess rolled onto her the stomach and stroked lazily to the willow tree .
i discovered willows .
willows have thinner bark on their whip - like branches so i could see them changing from grey to brown to green .
khufu flung a willows drooping limb from his face .
i caught a glimpse of a lake where bare weeping willow branches cried into the still , flat surface .
weeping willows hunched over the bank like tired ghosts , their bare branches drooping into the sleek , dark water .
the copses of oak , rowan , alder and willows on these drier islands were interspersed with dense reed beds in standing water .
rob disposed of his men among the alders and willows whose branches hung down , leaves trailing in the water .
the trailing branches of willow trees and thorn bushes dragged in his hair .
charcoal was manufactured from the low - oxygen burning of willows or cottonwood trees .
there were lone trees that stood like barriers between the open spaces and willows that wept out over the water like stems beaded with rain drops .
from her vantage point on the front steps leading from the estancia to the large garden , she could see the two young lovers , eagerly awaiting the food being prepared by sandra on the outdoor stove , close to the drooping fronds of the willow tree .
there , under the heavy branches of a willow , she saw samuel .
i m sure shell be delighted that you re carrying the heir to her precious farm lizzie placed the infusion of willow bark at samuels elbow .
she skidded around the willows .
thevenet liked the shade of that willow .
no clothes flapped from the line garroting the willow tree .
we could build a house down by the river in the shade of the willows .
the dirt road up the creek wound its way along a canyon filled with cottonwoods that i recognized right off , and willows and sycamores .
her body showed few curves , but was as subtle as a willow switch .
she clambered up onto the chair and started carefully lifting down the never - once - used collection of her precious wedding gift from aunt meg and uncle jack of willow pattern dinner plates .
inspirations in june of 1825 , dr . leonard jarvis transported general lafayette in his woven willow , silk - lined basket wagon ten miles northwest to windsor , vermont from his hometown of claremont , new hampshire .
` ` when ye fetch lunch , ask the ship 's surgeon fer some of his willow bark powder . ''
they talked a little about plants , after that ; the use of willow bark against inflammation , the culinary herbs , those that gave visions ` ` false visions , '' tanaquil said , ` ` and no prophecies '' the mushrooms , good and evil .
in front of him were only three or four more people , and then the temple steps , white and clear where no one dared to tread , and guarded not only by gorgons but also by the temple youths , dressed in white , with peeled willow wands in their hands .
i hid my horse back in the willows along the creek , and they were too drunk to spot him , so they missed the rifle i snuck off the yankee weapon pile after i got my parole .
i pushed a willow branch aside then it was i who cried out , as my feet seemed to sink into the ground and then slip away from under me .
the trees were a good couple of miles away , but i thought i could see a few pines or spruce mixed in with what would be the usual oaks and willows .
part ii chapter 10 august , 1173 near verneuil , normandy the afternoon was hot and dry , and alan darques found them cooling off in the shallow waters of a nearby stream overhung with willows and chattering sparrows .
she opened the one tiny window that let in a slight breeze from the tall willow tree outside .
her eyes shot here , then there , then finally at portia who stood off under the willow tree , what was left of it , and lifted the corner of her apron time and again .
a cool breeze stirred the leaves of a low hanging willow branch , rustling at her in warning , but she parted them and peered out like a curious child half hiding in her mothers skirts .
a single example : once we had to make papier mch heads for my primary schools performance of wind in the willows .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
he stepped aside from the track in among the firs , which just there were far apart , and went to a willow bush standing by some furze .
the wood cattle , had they browsed upon it , would have nibbled the tenderest leaves at the end of the bough ; nor did they usually touch willow , for the shoots are bitter and astringent .
whatever the bushman in this case had hurled his club at , the club had gone into the willow bush , snapping the light branch and leaving its mark upon the bark of the larger .
on hearing the condition of the willow boughs oliver agreed as to the cause , and said that they must remember to warn the barons shepherds that the bushmen , who had not been seen for some time , were about .
were up under a willow at the edge of the beach .
so carter set out alone over the golden fields that stretched mysterious beside a willow - fringed river , and the cats went back into the wood .
gloucester 's salt wharves and truro 's windy willows .
a great elm tree spread its broad branches over it , at the foot of which bubbled up a spring of the softest and sweetest water , in a little well formed of a barrel ; and then stole sparkling away through the grass , to a neighboring brook , that babbled along among alders and dwarf willows .
it appeared to be some sort of willow , with thick strands of leaves hanging down , almost obscuring the trunk from view .
he walked in between the drooping leaves of the willow , vanishing from sight .
it was dark inside the willows embrace , and whatever beams of sunlight came through seemed to be almost ethereal .
i had visited an old man - it hurt to recall his name , as thinking about him caused my head to feel as if it was splitting open - and he had taken me to the woods , to an old willow tree .
beneath the willow tree there had been steps leading to a pool , and the old man had pushed me in , and then ...
the thing lived beneath a willow tree , set up just like the maple before me .
i wondered if this tree , where the thing stored the dismembered parts of its victims , was linked somehow to the willow .
i have endured toil and misery ; i left switzerland with you ; i crept along the shores of the rhine , among its willow islands and over the summits of its hills .
they swooned where they stood , like human willows .
a huge willow tree had fallen , collapsing the bank , and partially damming the river .
while the only major growth on them appeared to be grass and weeds , and willow - like shrubs , right on top of that the forest grew .
scraped clean by ice ; the dwarf willows were the few things that could survive , sheltered in amongst the boulders .
just like , the wind in the willows , or even , hammy hamster .
this animated walt disney classic cartoon , as narrated by bing crosby , is still one of the scariest ( and funniest ) versions of the legend of sleepy hollow the short feature is incongruously paired with the wind in the willows and the combined stories are sometimes titled the adventures of ichabod and mr . toad then shown as one film .
hair and beard flowed like white willow from his head and four scars clawed through the right side of his deep and withered face .
he was singing copa cabana along with barry until he spotted the lights of willows bend estates .
i also see the mason jar sitting crookedly by the willow tree , the partially - open front door behind the screen , and the boys intentions are suddenly clear .
no , it was a willow , like those on the shore of the lake .
* * * willow brook apartments willow brook is a three - story building , four if you count the basement .
the willow brook building is controlled access , meaning that if you do nt have a key , someone has to buzz you in , or not .
* * * the first day on the morning of the first day , the day that things would start to change for the residents of willow brook apartments , things looked normal .
she pulled her car into the parking lot of willow brook and quickly lugged her two bags of groceries from the lot to the front door .
ben decided that anna would fare much better with his one on one attention in the secure environment of willow brook .
it looked like the drooping boughs of a fully - developed weeping willow , only instead of leafy green boughs , these boughs brought forth a cascade of black , corn - silk hair .
joshua saw a huge weeping willow in the distance , along with an old white building off a dirt road .
over by that weeping willow .
shed passed jamie and eric as they checked out a stand of birches , slashing the bushes with her willow switch and cursing up a storm .
lucinda remembered willow switch welts across her rump and thighs and knew there was no joy in the laughter .
it might sound like a clich out of one of mrs . paterson 's novels , but she is the type of person who is akin to a willow tree .
trees and swamp willow lay beyond the wide shoulder of the four - lane road .
then fourteen years later , 1862 , a ministers daughter suddenly missing from her bed , found miles away and days later , close within the dim rectangle , tied with rusty wire to a willow tree , her poor young body nude and ravaged from time , the wire , and depravity .
no , he d pull out to samane and make a right on willow at the corner of the open area where the tree house and pond were .
as he rounded the corner of willow ( almost back now , the voice kept saying ) he saw the old man standing by the mail truck .
then like a willow struck by lightning it fellnever to rise again from the cold hard pit of hell .
at five minutes to midnight he stood waiting under the dark overhanging branches of an ancient willow tree waiting , hoping , for another glimpse of his midnight orchid .
this night was cold and clear , lit by a bright half moon , he took up his hiding place under the curtain of willow branches and waited , it was nearly an hour before cairo appeared on the window balcony above the tree , she was wearing her white sleeping gown and had tied back her long dark with blue ribbons .
in his hiding place across the lawn , beneath the slender willow branches , mr underhill braced himself , his fists clenched tight .
eve pointed an accusing finger at cairo and stepped forward , with each step forward cairo stepped backwards , they were crossing the lawn towards the willow .
wind chimes hung from a weeping willow tree and the air was honeysuckle drenched .
10 classic tales of horror edited by lance v. eaton december 21 , 2014 lance v. eaton http : //www.lanceeaton.com table of contents introduction about the editor the black cat by edgar allan poe chickamauga by ambrose bierce the call of cthulhu by h. p. lovecraft the yellow wall paper by charlotte perkins gilman the horla , or modern ghosts by guy de maupaussant the willows by algernon blackwood the strange case of dr . jekyll and mr . hyde by robert louis stevenson the great god pan by arthur machen dracula 's guest by bram stoker carmilla by joseph sheridan le fanu recommended in horror the selected texts this work is licensed under the creative commons attribution - sharealike 4.0 international license .
the willows by algernon blackwood published : 1907 publication : the listener and other stories introduction every time i return to the willows , i am reminded that i must read more of blackwood in the future .
the willows by algernon blackwood published : 1907 publication : the listener and other stories introduction every time i return to the willows , i am reminded that i must read more of blackwood in the future .
story i after leaving vienna , and long before you come to budapest , the danube enters a region of singular loneliness and desolation , where its waters spread away on all sides regardless of a main channel , and the country becomes a swamp for miles upon miles , covered by a vast sea of low willow - bushes .
in high flood this great acreage of sand , shingle - beds , and willow - grown islands is almost topped by the water , but in normal seasons the bushes bend and rustle in the free winds , showing their silver leaves to the sunshine in an ever - moving plain of bewildering beauty .
these willows never attain to the dignity of trees ; they have no rigid trunks ; they remain humble bushes , with rounded tops and soft outline , swaying on slender stems that answer to the least pressure of the wind ; supple as grasses , and so continually shifting that they somehow give the impression that the entire plain is moving and alive .
racing along at twelve kilometers an hour soon took us well into hungary , and the muddy waters -- sure sign of flood -- sent us aground on many a shingle - bed , and twisted us like a cork in many a sudden belching whirlpool before the towers of pressburg ( hungarian , poszony ) showed against the sky ; and then the canoe , leaping like a spirited horse , flew at top speed under the grey walls , negotiated safely the sunken chain of the fliegende brucke ferry , turned the corner sharply to the left , and plunged on yellow foam into the wilderness of islands , sandbanks , and swamp - land beyond -- the land of the willows .
the sense of remoteness from the world of humankind , the utter isolation , the fascination of this singular world of willows , winds , and waters , instantly laid its spell upon us both , so that we allowed laughingly to one another that we ought by rights to have held some special kind of passport to admit us , and that we had , somewhat audaciously , come without asking leave into a separate little kingdom of wonder and magic -- a kingdom that was reserved for the use of others who had a right to it , with everywhere unwritten warnings to trespassers for those who had the imagination to discover them .
but the bewildering character of the islands made landing difficult ; the swirling flood carried us in shore and then swept us out again ; the willow branches tore our hands as we seized them to stop the canoe , and we pulled many a yard of sandy bank into the water before at length we shot with a great sideways blow from the wind into a backwater and managed to beach the bows in a cloud of spray .
then we lay panting and laughing after our exertions on the hot yellow sand , sheltered from the wind , and in the full blaze of a scorching sun , a cloudless blue sky above , and an immense army of dancing , shouting willow bushes , closing in from all sides , shining with spray and clapping their thousand little hands as though to applaud the success of our efforts .
the ground seemed to shake with the shock and rush , while the furious movement of the willow bushes as the wind poured over them increased the curious illusion that the island itself actually moved .
the rest of the island was too thickly grown with willows to make walking pleasant , but i made the tour , nevertheless .
for a short mile it was visible , pouring in and out among the islands , and then disappearing with a huge sweep into the willows , which closed about it like a herd of monstrous antediluvian creatures crowding down to drink .
nor had it directly to do with the power of the driving wind -- this shouting hurricane that might almost carry up a few acres of willows into the air and scatter them like so much chaff over the landscape .
but my emotion , so far as i could understand it , seemed to attach itself more particularly to the willow bushes , to these acres and acres of willows , crowding , so thickly growing there , swarming everywhere the eye could reach , pressing upon the river as though to suffocate it , standing in dense array mile after mile beneath the sky , watching , waiting , listening .
but my emotion , so far as i could understand it , seemed to attach itself more particularly to the willow bushes , to these acres and acres of willows , crowding , so thickly growing there , swarming everywhere the eye could reach , pressing upon the river as though to suffocate it , standing in dense array mile after mile beneath the sky , watching , waiting , listening .
and , apart quite from the elements , the willows connected themselves subtly with my malaise , attacking the mind insidiously somehow by reason of their vast numbers , and contriving in some way or other to represent to the imagination a new and mighty power , a power , moreover , not altogether friendly to us .
with this multitude of willows , however , it was something far different , i felt .
the surrounding willows broke the wind a bit .
willow bushes drop no branches , and driftwood was our only source of supply .
but for the moment he was hidden by the willows , and i could not find him .
he seemed to be gone in a moment , melting away down there into the sea of willows where the sun caught them in the bend of the river and turned them into a great crimson wall of beauty .
it seemed to increase with the darkness , howling overhead and shaking the willows round us like straws .
but the sky kept wholly clear of clouds , and soon after supper the full moon rose up in the east and covered the river and the plain of shouting willows with a light like the day .
we lay there , tending the fire , talking in desultory fashion , peering about us into the dense willow bushes , and listening to the thunder of wind and river .
the eeriness of this lonely island , set among a million willows , swept by a hurricane , and surrounded by hurrying deep waters , touched us both , i fancy .
untrodden by man , almost unknown to man , it lay there beneath the moon , remote from human influence , on the frontier of another world , an alien world , a world tenanted by willows only and the souls of willows .
untrodden by man , almost unknown to man , it lay there beneath the moon , remote from human influence , on the frontier of another world , an alien world , a world tenanted by willows only and the souls of willows .
i gazed across the waste of wild waters ; i watched the whispering willows ; i heard the ceaseless beating of the tireless wind ; and , one and all , each in its own way , stirred in me this sensation of a strange distress .
but the willows especially ; for ever they went on chattering and talking among themselves , laughing a little , shrilly crying out , sometimes sighing -- but what it was they made so much to - do about belonged to the secret life of the great plain they inhabited .
the willows were against us .
what , i thought , if , after all , these crouching willows proved to be alive ; if suddenly they should rise up , like a swarm of living creatures , marshaled by the gods whose territory we had invaded , sweep towards us off the vast swamps , booming overhead in the night -- and then settle down !
the shaking willows and the heavy buffetings of the wind against our taut little house were the last things i remembered as sleep came down and covered all with its soft and delicious forgetfulness .
it was incredible , surely , but there , opposite and slightly above me , were shapes of some indeterminate sort among the willows , and as the branches swayed in the wind they seemed to group themselves about these shapes , forming a series of monstrous outlines that shifted rapidly beneath the moon .
i took a quick look round -- a look of horror that came near to panic -- calculating vainly ways of escape ; and then , realizing how helpless i was to achieve anything really effective , i crept back silently into the tent and lay down again upon my sandy mattress , first lowering the door - curtain to shut out the sight of the willows in the moonlight , and then burying my head as deeply as possible beneath the blankets to deaden the sound of the terrifying wind .
i looked about me carefully , noting everything ; the turned - over canoe ; the yellow paddles -- two of them , i ' m certain ; the provision sack and the extra lantern hanging together from the tree ; and , crowding everywhere about me , enveloping all , the willows , those endless , shaking willows .
i looked about me carefully , noting everything ; the turned - over canoe ; the yellow paddles -- two of them , i ' m certain ; the provision sack and the extra lantern hanging together from the tree ; and , crowding everywhere about me , enveloping all , the willows , those endless , shaking willows .
but this cry found no expression , for as my eyes wandered from the plain beyond to the island round me and noted our little tent half hidden among the willows , a dreadful discovery leaped out at me , compared to which my terror of the walking winds seemed as nothing at all .
it was not that my point of vantage gave me a different view , but that an alteration had apparently been effected in the relation of the tent to the willows , and of the willows to the tent .
it was not that my point of vantage gave me a different view , but that an alteration had apparently been effected in the relation of the tent to the willows , and of the willows to the tent .
creeping with silent feet over the shifting sands , drawing imperceptibly nearer by soft , unhurried movements , the willows had come closer during the night .
the wind buffeted me about , and , very quickly it seemed , the sun came up over the horizon , for it was after four o'clock , and i must have stood on that little pinnacle of sand longer than i knew , afraid to come down to close quarters with the willows .
i paced out on the warm sand the distances between the willows and the tent , making a note of the shortest distance particularly .
` ` i see , '' he shouted back , turning his head to look at me before disappearing among the willow bushes .
he seemed , too , to be always listening attentively to something i could not hear , or perhaps for something that he expected to hear , for he kept turning about and staring into the bushes , and up into the sky , and out across the water where it was visible through the openings among the willows .
and meanwhile , as he mended that torn canoe with the skill and address of a red indian , i was glad to notice his absorption in the work , for there was a vague dread in my heart that he would speak of the changed aspect of the willows .
masses of driftwood swept near our shores sometimes , and we fished for them with long willow branches .
with this general hush of the wind -- though it still indulged in occasional brief gusts -- the river seemed to me to grow blacker , the willows to stand more densely together .
the willows , for once , were motionless and silent .
it seemed to come across to us in the darkness from the waste of swamps and willows opposite .
` ` it comes from the willow bushes somehow -- '' ` ` but now the wind has dropped , '' i objected .
` ` the willows can hardly make a noise by themselves , can they ? ''
but nothing within my knowledge is like that ceaseless muffled humming rising off the deserted world of swamps and willows .
the very atmosphere had proved itself a magnifying medium to distort every indication : the otter rolling in the current , the hurrying boatman making signs , the shifting willows , one and all had been robbed of its natural character , and revealed in something of its other aspect -- as it existed across the border to that other region .
occasionally a stray puff of wind set the willows shivering about us , but apart from this not very welcome sound a deep and depressing silence reigned , broken only by the gurgling of the river and the humming in the air overhead .
i forgot the shaking of the willows in the windless calm , the humming overhead , everything except that i was waiting for an answer that i dreaded more than i can possibly explain .
iv ` ` it 's the willows , of course .
the willows mask the others , but the others are feeling about for us .
it 's in the willows .
it 's the willows themselves humming , because here the willows have been made symbols of the forces that are against us . ''
it 's the willows themselves humming , because here the willows have been made symbols of the forces that are against us . ''
there 's nothing ahead for fifty miles but willows , willows , willows ! ''
there 's nothing ahead for fifty miles but willows , willows , willows ! ''
there 's nothing ahead for fifty miles but willows , willows , willows ! ''
we were grubbing away in the middle of a thickish clump of willows where some driftwood from a former flood had caught high among the branches , when my body was seized in a grip that made me half drop upon the sand .
the swede , too , got a similar result , though expressing it differently , for he thought it was shaped and sized like a clump of willow bushes , rounded at the top , and moving all over upon its surface -- '' coiling upon itself like smoke , '' he said afterwards .
i only know that at a later date , how long or short is impossible to say , i found myself scrambling up out of the slippery network of willow branches , and saw my companion standing in front of me holding out a hand to assist me .
but the willows smothered my voice , and the humming muffled it , so that the sound only traveled a few feet round me .
the willows were motionless .
it appeared to be caught by some twisted willow roots so that the river could not sweep it away .
my companion clutched me , and i think i clutched him , but before either of us had time properly to recover from the unexpected shock , we saw that a movement of the current was turning the corpse round so that it became released from the grip of the willow roots .
author 's note weeping willow has been previously published in horror in words magazine and also as a reprint in the vampire megapack .
table of contents section 1 section 2 section 3 section 4 section 5 section 6 section 7 section 8 section 9 section 10 section 11 section 12 section 13 section 14 section 15 section 16 section 17 section 18 section 19 section 20 section 21 section 22 section 23 section 24 section 25 about the author other works by part i weeping willow 1 i was n't entirely sure that i was doing the right thing , as i signed the last of the pages in front of me .
there was a weeping willow that stood some thirty yards from the house that was visible through my office window .
i walked over to the window and stood there admiring my willow , hands in my pockets .
an intermittent breeze was blowing and the long hanging branches of the willow would sweep to one side and then fall back again .
the office was empty and i was able to work undisturbed for the rest of the day , except for the occasional draw i felt to stop and just admire the willow out of my window .
as i raised the blinds , hoping the willow would cast enough shadow to cause a reflection in the window , i could see her .
her long white gown rustled with the breeze and i noticed that its movements matched those of the willow 's branches .
i was n't much for cutting down trees , and the willow certainly would n't be touched , but i kept getting a nagging feeling that i should clear a little more space around the back of the house .
once out back , the first thing i did was to stop and admire the willow .
` ` ok , '' i said , turning away from the willow and toward the woods behind it , ` ` let 's see who goes and who stays . ''
the driving rain , the lightning and the way the wind was whipping the willow branches around held me captive .
her white lace gown flowing around her , much like the branches of the willow flowed around it in the storm .
at the back of the house i turned to look at my willow .
my bedroom was also in the back of the house , and i could see the willow over to my left .
the fact that there was no breeze tonight was evidenced by the willow 's branches hanging down , absolutely still .
i went up to my office , crossed to the window and looked down at the weeping willow .
there was a small willow tree and the stream that runs beside it .
i was dragging him , screaming and clawing at me , over underneath the willow when the scene changed again .
the weeping willow was beginning to crack .
i flew over the bushes and settled on the ground beneath the willow .
i thrust my hand down into the shaking ground , just under one of the willow 's thickest roots .
it kicked and screamed as we drifted closer and closer to the little stream that ran alongside the willow .
the willow tree that my mother had loved so much .
this he filled with a layer of soil taken from beneath my beloved willow tree .
the oneirophage wrapped the corpse of the constrictress around the branch of a weeping willow , his other hand twining itself with a knot of inkvine , as the vacuum of space threatened to suck him into its void .
heading slowly south , through gardens of mandrake and forests of weeping willows , he could feel as well as hear the growl of cerberus in response to the distant thunder .
` ` oh christ , i think i shit myself , '' marinville said , almost conversationally , and then : ` ` no , i guess it was just the wind in the willows .
the pool was surrounded by willows .
it occurred to brad then that the guy had n't come around the side of the station to use the can but to take a look at redfern stream , which was pretty enough to warrant a peek ( or even a snap of the old kodak ) from a passerby , running as it did with the statler bluffs on its north side and all those willows up on top , spreading out green like a mermaid 's hair ( there was a poet in the boy , all right , a regular dylan thomas ) .
looking at him made her think of the illustrations in the wind in the willows .
weeping willows draggled their thin tenebrous arms , and anything could be standing , slumped and insane , within their shelter .
he could n't run but when he got out of the willows he did manage a limping jogtrot .
eddie could hear it bludgeoning its way through the willow grove .
it was also unchanged , and from here , standing just outside the bowed branches of a weeping willow tree , he could see people passing back and forth .
these trees like willows overhung the road .
not the willow - branches - except they were n't willows , not at all , not really anything like em , or anything else - that grabbed off m'hat , not that motorway b sign , or that awful - lookin toad - thing .
not the willow - branches - except they were n't willows , not at all , not really anything like em , or anything else - that grabbed off m'hat , not that motorway b sign , or that awful - lookin toad - thing .
at the intersection of ford and willow , he turned left .
pete and wilma jersyck lived on willow street .
she went around the block ( passing the rusk home on pond street without a glance ) , past her own home on willow , and around to ford street for the second time .
he said most of the people on willow street were catholics , and almost all of those not attending eleven o'clock mass would have gone at eight and then left on their various sunday day - trips .
she stood on the stoop for a moment , taking deep breaths , then cut across her lawn in the direction of willow street .
17 wilma and nettle met on the corner of willow and ford .
the women on the corner of willow and ford took no notice .
they were on the east side of town , over toward elm , willow , pond , and ford streets .
anyhow , she says there 's been some sort of serious fight on the corner of ford and willow .
had nettle walked over to wilma 's house on willow street and broken the windows ?
people were apt to get ugly , and if castle rock residents wanted a sobering example of what could happen when people got ugly , they only had to look as far as the intersection of willow and ford streets .
buster drove , and now he began to look not like zippy 's dad but mr . toad in walt disney 's the wind i'n the willows .
it was half past five in the afternoon by the time john and elise graham finally found their way into the little village that lay at the center of willow , maine , like a fleck of grit at the center of some dubious pearl .
john had every hope they would enjoy the summer here in willow ( they ought to , with the university of missouri picking up the tab ) , but he thought it might take as long as a week for them to settle in and settle down .
john drove slowly down main street toward the willow general mercantile and hardware .
' judging from what we ' ve seen so far , i think willow must be a little off the tourist track , ' he replied .
' got a power of roads in willow , oh , ayuh ! '
' in willow , just about everybody 's related to everybody else .
we do n't like to seem unsociable in willow , but it 's the rainy season here tonight . '
` ` this doesn '' t come up very often , '' she said , ` ` because the rainy season only comes in willow every seven years '' ` ` june seventeenth , '' eden put in .
the woman looked back at john and elise , appeared to steel herself , and said , ` ` you see , folks , it rains toads here in willow every seven years .
` ` even people who have heard of rains of frogs and toads and birds and such don '' t have a very clear idea of what happens in willow every seven years .
the clam - stand was in sharp , almost jarring contrast to the buildings on willow 's main street .
i mean , hey c every seven years it rains toads in willow , maine ?
` ` tonight in the small town of willow , ' he intoned , ` ` a cold front of toads met a warm front of newts , and the result was '' .
by midnight , the downpour of toads in willow had slackened off to a mild , croaking drizzle .
two toads sat upon the slowly swinging iron arm of the weathervane atop the willow stove shop like small misshapen children on a merry - go - round .
at the lake , the few floats which had been put out this early ( only the hardiest swimmers dared the waters of lake willow before july 4th , however , toads or no toads ) were piled high with toads , and the fish were going crazy with so much food almost within reach .
most of the gardens were ruined , but willow wasn '' t much of a farming community , anyway .
dairy farmers in willow knew all about rainy season and had no wish to lose their milkers to the hordes of leaping , carnivorous toads .
their skins popped with an audible sound , and for perhaps ten minutes it sounded as if champagne corks were being drawn all over willow .
the earth sent up tiny ribands of steam , and for a little while every field in willow looked like the site of a dying volcano .
few people in willow would be .
there was an electrical fire on willow street , and a group of a dozen volunteer firepeople promptly rushed over and put it out .
wolf could have taken himself into the woods visible at the end of the long field bordered by the gully , and in the woods gorged himself on rabbits and fieldmice and whatever else might live there , moles and badgers and the whole cast of the wind in the willows .
i became the willow tree bending with the force of the wind .
maybe i was the willow tree bending with the wind , but that did nt mean all the birds sitting on my limbs had the right to crap all over my little world !
# # # if you enjoyed this book , i d love to hear from you at richard @ rgpost.com sources the order for the burial if the dead the book of common prayer the revelation of st john the divine 17 : 1 - 3 the gospel according to st matthew 5 : 3 - 5 song of the chattahoochee by sidney lanier a voice from on high by bill monroe lines composed a few miles above tintern abbey by william wordsworth the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame in the garden by charles austin miles for the beauty of the earth by folliot s. pierpoint the good - morrow by john dunne the first book of samuel 3 : 4 , 9 the complete tales of uncle remus by joel chandler harris jesus is real to me as adapted by mary lee walking by henry david thoreau the good - morrow i wonder by my troth , what thou , and i did , till we lovd ?
sure enough , after waiting only five minutes behind a willow tree across the street , in a well - lit area still frequented by night - owl patrons just getting out of the clubs , y - san exited the satsuma sushi premises and walked home alone .
fred asked if i was going to the willows show after finding the cd he had given to natalie .
i already made plans with fred to see the willows and hear his stories on friday .
the willows were one of his favourite bands , and he was bouncing with excitement .
the willows came to the stage and the crowd erupted into applause .
when the willows came back , the crowd erupted and a girl threw her panties onto the stage .
( the war of the willows , graeme , kenneth et al ; reworx , 1999 ) dead trees are daubed in gaudy red violence as the weed marches .
'' gae on , '' he cries , '' strip yer willow or maybe ye 'd prefair a gay gordon ? ''
he also noted from greegs painfully dull on - air ramblings that his de - facto home team australia , captained by the baby - faced ricky pointing , was struggling ( despite the near - invisibility of the sport back in the states , arden had become familiar with the commonwealths obsession and his australian family - in - laws faith that is the hallowed sport of cricket ) : the indian side had an almost unassailable lead , and the holy man was all grins and head waggles as the musical thwack of willow against leather indicated the indians had hit the australians for another six .
if , on the other hand , they were trying to pass themselves off as british he would try them out on place names like newton - le - willows , kirby muxloe , or ashby - de - la - zouch .
you bought the barrow and the fish off old farmer willow .
with farmer willow ?
with old willows barrow ?
old willow made a better one , said george pouring himself a cup of tea , he sold a pile of junk for some pieces of metal , then he sold the metal to a coin collector in the next village and got five pounds for them .
he was up and over in a second under the protection of a fully clothed willow tree .
he sat under the protection of the willow and waited .
141 willow place ... that is enough laura .
we each watched several moose as they wandered up and down eating willows in the main drainage .
it starred jennifer aniston ( of friends fame ) as the protagonist and warwick davis ( of willow fame ) as the evil leprechaun who searches for and kills those who try to take his pot o gold .
we planted a weeping willow in the backyard about seven years ago , a sapling taken directly from her yard , shortly after she died .
i did n't want my view of the weeping willow i planned to watch grow , obstructed .
i answer her , but i look at the willow tree jack and i planted together .
i sip my coffee , feeling the breeze on my toes , but instead of watching the willow tree sweeping away the evening sun , i watch the three of them .
looking out the backyard , in the calm , cool night , i think about the day we planted the weeping willow .
we spent the day vacuuming , he helped , and trimming the willow tree in the backyard .
he 's watching the branches of the weeping willow tree dance in the wind .
like wind in the willows . ''
` ` wind in the willows is not a romance novel , '' vlod snapped .
green grass , chopped spinach , willow bark , juniper , pine nuts and granola . ''
she looked up at the top field where a tall twisted weeping willow sat , the swing their father had made hanging from a low bough .
peter sat on the swing that hung from the weeping willow , staring at the gravestone at his feet .
she got to the willow and sat on the swing .
` ` have you ever read wind in the willows ? ''
` ` the willow bends with the wind , '' said rorbit .
the camels having experienced various forms of catastrophe , had learned how to construct their tents so that they swayed like willows when the ground shook .
i sing of a well near an old willow tree , i sing of the love that was taken from me ` ` sara , '' gasped jo .
badgers hole in the wind in the willows ?
he 's precariously seated on an emerald green , fair - smelling as sweet grass , rotten , and partially submerged willow log .
other solutions : moscow , wallet , willow , morrow , cannon , gordon , jordon , follow ?
he seldom spoke an intelligible sentence to anyone , but was often found muttering to himself and striking out at willows and grasses and rushes with his heavy walking stick , as if he were lopping off heads of his erstwhile enemies .
every time i saw that willow - enclosed house it looked the same : grey shingles on a steep , crooked roof , faded yellow paint that seemed to regenerate flakes ( it was always peeling , forever it appeared to me , and it still remains a mystery how that sad expanse of weathered wood kept shedding yellow all those years and had any paint left on the day aunt addy died ) ; smoky windows that sucked in the light but killed it somehow once it got inside ; old browned wall paper that just got darker and darker as the years of my youth fled by ; old , old , old , old things crammed into every room stuff that mostly originated from the nineteenth century , cause aunt addy hated to buy anything new when the old would serve ; and she made double sure that it usually did , getting it repaired over and over again , or fixing it herself , reconstituting the moribund items of her home with a few more years of life .
i go after diana and find her on a chaise lounge under a willow tree in the back .
stillbird , not wishing to frighten the horse more , was silent and sprang into the air and onto her son as he reached back with a willow switch in hand ready to strike .
they left the road and disappeared into the forest , climbing hills and down again until they found the spring that flowed forth from a cave and followed that flow to the wide pools that formed sometimes this side of an old willow , sometimes the other side , from one season to another , and there they fished for trout , small and tender , that they would steam and eat , head and all , that night for supper .
there was a snag that he guided goober around and low branches from some willow trees that he did well with also , riding with his head along the horses neck .
he had just walked away from her grave on an afternoon not unlike this one , the wind surging around the gravestones , turning up the undersides of leaves from the willow and the oak trees .
he was following a path back toward camp he d followed three times already , decided to take a diagonal toward his point , ran into impassable thickets of head high willows and headed back to his original straight line , except that there are no straight lines in the mountains where wild animals wend their way through the overgrowth in patterns that relate to their own seasons , carrying their warmth with them and eating wherever they go , unaware of the needs of men to get back to someplace before dark .
as he descended , he heard birds literally screaming as he approached their nests in the low growing bushes , and his own laughter because he meant them no harm , did nt even know about the nests but for their noise , and always , always the delicate sound of shallow water running down the mountains , hidden in the low willows that hid the birds and various other small critters .
in it , the sheets and towels of life we were going to share , the milk - stiff bibs , the shroud , each rag to be ever trampled or soiled , bled on or groped for blindly , came swooning out of an enormous willow hamper onto moon - marbly boards .
all my laundry was clean and folded in a willow hamper .
do you hear me , a willow hamper .
i did n't even realise we owned a willow hamper .
my work sent flowers and a poem about how they miss me , my mom sent a potted weeping willow tree that we can take home and plant outside , and scotts mom poured hours of time and energy into a special recipe card box filled with hand - written recipes she has collected over the years .
occasional overgrown houseplants stand scattered intermittently along the way , some reaching roots out into the little river , some having taken root halfway up the cliff , reaching feathery green arms upward toward the light or arching down like willow branches .
while most of his mind and body were given over to the rage engendered by jays remarks , a small part of genes mind dug through old files and found a memory of what he was feeling , a memory that contained a steamy summer night , yellow , insect - buzzing street light swimming its way through the feathery maze of nearly black willow branches , harsh laughter , boozy bravado , and , suddenly , a hens egg of warm , beery spit balanced for a slow second on his cheek before slaloming down and off his chin .
during springs infancy , only a few weeks after the final frost thawed from lake endelman , the common loons returned to willows edge .
when i opened my eyes and surveyed the reality of my surroundings , i was reminded that my journey through life had thus far rarely transported me beyond my home in willows edge .
at the time , rachel complied with my request , but only on a firm condition that we did nt intend to reside in willows edge for more than five years .
for me , the determination to remain in willows edge was never entirely about the house .
apart from my dog , i now perambulated this territory alone , listening to the loons with a fleeting optimism that she would ve one day rejoined me by a specific willow tree rooted alongside the lakes periphery .
marital affairs were as common as storm clouds over willows edge , and stepping out into this sodden spring morning reminded me of the inexorable process of renewal .
just along the lakes lower embankment , towards the rocks left side , i noticed an isolated willow tree budding with its early signs of verdant lace .
since there were nt any other willow trees quite like it along the lakes perimeter , it merited a singular remembrance from me .
in recent weeks i began collecting quarter - sized stones from the lakes edge and then proceeded to assemble them in a sort of cairn beneath the willow tree .
the lure of residing in an environment such as willows edge was the fact that few things changed drastically ( or at all ) in nearly seventy - five years .
when we first married , we often hiked to the same willow tree i just spoke about .
according to rachel , i had reverted to a simpler time by coming back to willows edge , and my occupation at a neighboring high school left her with no encouraging hope for us to ever reside anywhere far beyond this provincial backdrop .
naturally , i became defensive toward my mothers accusation , especially since she had lived her entire life in willows edge alongside my father without complaint .
even sitting in the willow trees shadow upon my favorite rock alongside my dog provided minimal protection from this ever - present disorder .
when i first reawakened from my state of unconsciousness , i noticed the willow trees leaves flickering sporadically with raindrops .
storm clouds unfurled from beyond the western hills and leaned like a leaden wave over willows edge .
currently , there was no other resident in willows edge who had expended more hours patrolling the neighborhood than she .
of all the residents presently residing in willows edge , i suspected that coras ticket to heavens gate would ve received primary validation .
when he departed willows edge in quest of a more exclusive neighborhood in ravendale heights about ten summers ago , i figured he had finally outgrown our friendships convenience .
unlike me , he had no qualms of bolting from willows edges bucolic boundaries .
before reaching the central road leading out of willows edge , my thoughts naturally revisited the complications associated with my wife .
sometimes when i want to unwind or think about my life , ill take a stroll through willow acre cemetery near my house .
since the germanic settlers arrived here back in the late 1700s , they ve used willows acres as their final resting point .
if you go to willows acres you ll notice large empty expanses of freshly clipped lawn , but if you look more closely at the beveled field , the land is nt as barren as it first appears .
so why not , in your spare time , take a walk over to willows acres and find the area i just told you about .
he then settled his oscillating eyes on me one last time before saying , get thee to a respite where a willow tree meshes on the wharf .
the couple had their first child three years ago , and they just purchased a modest home on the west side of willows edge .
i even interacted with his wife a couple of years ago and debated public education in willows edge , but outside this occasionally courteous discourse and maybe a bawdy joke whispered across a table during a faculty meeting , we did nt nurture a truly authentic friendship .
my name is corbin cobbs from willows edge .
keep us in suspense no further , corbin cobbs of willows edge , said don quixote .
but , because senor cobbs of willows edge seems so destitute for a womans touch , i shall grant him the luxury of a few delicacies on this matter .
as i was saying , most folks in willows edge like to sleep a bit later in the morning .
and besides , mrs . harts dedication in her faith has nt hampered her ability to keep watch on the people coming in and out of willows edge .
i remained sullen as she drove off toward an impenetrable drift of clouds hovering on the fringes of willows edge .
chapter 49 1:42 p.m. my next destination appeared like a well - timed pardon from the sobering reality awaiting me in willows edge .
there was only one plaza constructed on the four - mile stretch of roadway between ravendale and willows edge .
i ve lived in willows edge most of my life , too .
eventually , my eyes settled on a cluster of willow trees jutting from a low portion along the riverbank .
the willows umbrella - like branches tickled the waters surface with their prancing arms .
just beyond a verdant shield of the willow tree nearest to me , i noticed the edge of a canoe protruding from its intended camouflage .
i watched huck push his canoe out from the coverage of willow branches and spring inside it with the agility of a critter born to such aquatic rituals .
i left huck hunkered in his canoe beside the willow trees , hoping to do more than merely wallow in the turbulence yet to come .
unlike huckleberry finn , i imagined that i d never sit beneath the shade of a willow tree again .
lets just say i have a neighbor who keeps a pretty close watch on the folks who pass through willows edge .
rachel was under the impression that you planned to run away with her and show her the finer things beyond willows edge .
the late afternoons grayness did nt improve my mood as i navigated back toward willows edge .
had she yet sat upon my rock beside him and watched the willow trees limbs shimmer in the fading sunlight ?
while i occasionally recognized her intentions as charitable , it was impossible to overlook how she often harbored ulterior strategies of purification for the residents of willows edge .
leon promised me things i always dreamed about , and i was caught up in the thrill of just running off with him and starting a new life far away from willows edge .
and just as it always had the power to do , the lone willow tree beside the waters edge summoned my attention .
on this occasion , however , my eyes fixated on the cairn of stones i had previously arranged beneath the willows branches .
a few seconds later , i stood up from my granite throne , where i left my journal behind but kept the gun in hand while making my way to the collection beneath the willow tree .
i turned to scan the wooded perimeter , eventually directing my eyes upon the willow tree for a frame of reference .
at that precise moment , a crowperhaps the same one that perched earlier on cora harts chimney , landed on the willow trees branch .
his eyes swayed to the willow tree before he spoke again .
in the near distance , just beyond the jade camouflage encompassing lake endelman , i heard the police cars pealing sirens nearing willows edge .
thirty five years as a print , radio and television reporter in st johns ( a mention of his defence of wind in the willows as a book written for adults is on the cbc radio website now ) honed freds writing skills so that his readers enjoy themselves .
when i was younger i wanted to live under a tree like mole in the wind in the willows .
past copses of birch and willow , some darkly distinct against the fading light , others faint , like suggestions , in the rising mist , they drove .
: 1412 willow drive .
its 1412 willow drive .
he settled for normally , completed his maneuver into willow drive and put the automatic in drive .
: they re back at the willow drive house .
all six foot two of him , slim as a willow , but with the incompatible name of small , which he was so very far from .
like a blond willow .
but she was sculpted , this fine blond woman , sculpted , harry decided , from willow .
sculpted from marble willow , he mused , baudelaire fashion .
his eyes finally let go of the blond marble willow dream and turned to the cranky one .
when he looked up again , the willow was gone .
baudelaire was gone too , done with his recital , though harry could still smell her hair , the blond willows hair which he had not been close enough to discern , but which he nevertheless could conjure the scent of .
the willow .
and farther , toward an impressive tree that looked like a weeping willow but which turned out to be a montezuma cypress .
now it came flooding back to him : the one with no breasts to speak of , the one like a blond willow he could not take his eyes off , while baudelaire rambled on in the background , or foreground , about hair .
fragile willow .
in profile now , dark tubes attacking that perfect outline , that beautiful mia - farrow outline that again brought willow to mind .
she was a very beautiful girl , woman , willow , harry could nt quite make up his mind which .
for every molecule conspires , every atom , every quark , every proton , neutron , electron , every wink , kiss , heartbeat , every rush conspires , every mist , explosion , willow , fish , taxi , every shop , every smile , every smell , every flower , every street , grain of sand , drop of water , tasty sandwich , succulent fruit and beautiful forest all constantly conspire to fill the self and so extinguish him .
we go out to the backyard and i carefully climb the hill to the chair swing by the willow tree .
baby tears , weeping willow , mourning doves .
the little town stood on a level flat as bare as the hand , not even a willow near it ; only in the far distance , a copse lay , a dark blur on the very edge of the horizon .
when he heard the door open , he jumped up and twisted around to face willow .
would you please advise willow to expect him around two and have her show him up to my office immediately ?
grace motioned her in and pointed to mary sitting on the floor , waving mrs . willow to go over there and help out .
its signed margaret willow .
what about margaret willow .
we could rustle up a giant shoebox and bury her under the willow tree .
cows like willows .
cook produces a copy of the magazine and reads one of beckys poems : winter remembered walking under a willow that weeps crystal tears .
walking under a weeping willow ?
i imagine she might be able to walk under a weeping willow if she wanted to .
thin , prickly vines hung like willows from the trees , sweeping lightly against the mountains .
as harry stood and watched , random waded into the river and began to purr like a summer wind passing through a grove of willows .
a teenage parker posey-2 played an added android character that was created to look like a young girl , while young christina ricci-2 debuted as willow mercer , a religious figure inspiring empathy , based on the character wilbur mercer from the book .
the front lawn was sparse , a willow tree planted last year looked sickly , flowerbeds along the front steps were full of weeds .
willow trees dead , grasss all brown , blinds are pulled .
it ran from under a grove of willow trees with their branches sweeping the water .
after passing the willows , the stream made a sharp left turn , and there he found its source .
it was running from a small crevice in the wall of the canyon hidden by the willows .
he concealed the opening by planting more willows .
after the sun had set and the light was no longer coming through the opening , michael followed the stream outside , then knelt under the willows and listened , waited , and watched , making sure the indians had gone somewhere else .
they stopped at a spring with a stand of willows .
instead it struck a mighty bough of a weeping willow , the last tree before the eastern bank of the lake turned into a grassy shoreline .
a lonely pair of willow trees waded in the shallow water , inviting the weary traveller to take off their shoes and join them .
dad said they re called weeping willows .
the road meanders through shaggy pine and drooping old sycamore and slim - fingered willow draped so low it almost touches the mirror - smooth pools of water that dot those hills which are in winter clad pure white and seem almost to have been copied off a painted postcard or a bruegel canvas .
their route varied , across dunes or rivers or stony waste , but they would always arrive at the same spot : a wedding amongst willow trees in lush green grass .
they walked slowly to the old black willow that had fallen forward into the water and ian only had to give laura a slight lift and she was sitting securely on the deep ribbed bark of the horizontal trunk .
they rode to the fallen black willow and looked at the sun shining on the still lake and they felt the hard beauty inside them , and winter felt forever and spring felt like it would never come .
laura had taken to going for long walks on the beach , sitting alone for a long time on the trunk of the black willow that had lain down in the wind into the water so that half its branches had rooted in the sand by the shore .
later that day , in the yellow warm spring day , laura sat on her willow by the water and remembered the look that had passed between her and sharon that morning , and it made her feel the detachment that also existed in desire , the connections that were never completed , the things that would always be unsaid and undone .
when they got to lauras willow , she patted the flat trunk and ian jumped up and sat in front of her .
ian told laura that sharon should rent out that spot by the willow so poor rich city couples could come for the best sex they d ever had in their lives .
people were either laughing or talking or completely aghast as the boat came towards the beach , and everyone could see tom at the wheel , and he did nt slow down one bit as the boat drove itself into the sand right next to lauras horizontal black willow .
the songbirds sang and danced in the trees on the shore , and the tree swallows came in the hundreds , sweeping over the water and the willows .
amanda found her mother sitting on the black willow , still dressed in shorts and a halter top .
i speak for the willow whispering , the aspen trembling , the oak in heavy snow .
sharon knew how to make reality bend to her will like it was as flexible as young willow .
song had an artificial mountain and pavilions shaded by weeping willows .
i followed dana , who knew exactly where she was going ; a spot behind a big weeping willow and in front of a stand of blue spruce trees .
when we brushed past the willow i slowed the pace down even more .
tim asked me to go get some beers , so i went to the end of the backyard to a row of willow trees where a petite doe - eyed brunette was holding the black tap of the keg sitting in a red plastic tub covered in ice .
james and cyrus went back inside but george stayed and we threw horseshoes at the sandy pit near a row of willows .
come and sit , susan said , ushering them to the table , adorned simply but eloquently with shiny silver - plated cutlery and willow pattern china .
three years earlier , his wife had hooked up with willow tree lending , a financing firm that specialized in the subprime real estate market .
zigzagging through a stand of willows , he followed the braying and snorting to a small stable hidden away behind the main dining room .
on this , under the trunk of an old willow , lay a gray , flat stone .
on the willow stump to his head the raven put his beak under the cover of its wing to sleep .
if i told you that the rain maiden lives beyond the great forest , you also would nt know that beyond the forest a hollow willow stands !
and , the goblin continued , if i told you told you that beyond the forest the hollow willow stood , you also would nt know that in the tree a staircase leads down to the garden of the rain maiden .
finally they came out of the forest , and there , a few steps in front of them , also stood the old willow tree .
from the place where they found themselves , on a broad paved roadway , ran an avenue of old willows out into the distance .
the monotonous path seemed to have no end ; beside them the unending gray , half - defoliated willows , sideways aside them here and there among those eerie , fuming lowlands .
suddenly maren stood and leaned with closed eyes on the trunk of a willow .
and indeed they had arrived , without knowing how , out of the monotonous willow avenue into a large park .
when maren reported on the toilsome path on the willow causeway , the maiden sighed and said , the avenue was built from you people yourselves , but that was a long , long time ago !
immediately below to the left of the willow avenue lies a boat .
down at the willow avenue they found the boat and climbed in .
like willows , they walked , and as they bled , they sang : original sin fought love within .
would the life of ron hubbard or the abridged version of the wind in the willows appeal ?
she drifts down a long valley toward the dawn , crossing and recrossing the meandering rivulet of sleep that winds along its bottom , her thoughts like the incessant flicker of willow leaves in the sunlight or the swaying of rushes in the wind .
despite this paralysis he was able to hear , and to see all around him : the waving tall grass and clumps of yellow wildflowers at the level of his recumbent body , the willows crowding down to the glistening stream , the impassive red - brown mountain slopes and peaks , and behind all that the blue sheet of sky , crossed here and there by hurrying birds and orderly flotillas of clouds , and thick with ingenuous sunshine .
creeping down a weeping willow street like you find in charleston , emma resumed her inquiry about our final destination and activity .
the sun was shining warmly on his neck and the cicadas were buzzing contentedly in the willows to the sides .
he was forgetting everything but the view in front of him , when the sense of something moving on the opposite bank , in the willow bushes , made him glance that way .
she looked round , and seeming to gather security from the solitude , hid her hat among the willows , and took off her woollen cloak .
there was something in the cabinet in my boudoir small and sharp like a long willow leaf in a silver sheath .
he seemed held up now by a rooted and unbending prudence , an oak not a willow , the firm stance of a greek or roman philosopher holding forth .
finally , after all these years , he did nt think of willow , his second wife .
paul and willow paul met willow when he was 25 , and divorced .
my fires burned in the daylight , down among the willows .
he had problems with his memories of willow , his second wife .
-- emily dickinson willow settled the kids into the minivan .
there were n't many cars on the road and willow allowed herself a moment of gratitude as she took in the light , sparkling silver off of the ocean .
its too dangerous to pull over here willow screamed , not sure if maisy could hear her or not .
when tommy was born they had a six month old baby girl when willow realized she was pregnant again .
wo nt it be wonderful , strangers at the grocery store said , when they saw maisy , all wrapped in her pink blanket and they took in willows bulging belly , maybe you ll have a boy .
and willow would follow the script , the one that everyone knew by heart ; the one that had been followed by countless generations of mothers before her .
they had stopped all alcohol consumption before maisy was conceived , and willow , being nursing , and now pregnant , had nt had a drop since .
actually , willow kept the clean house .
willow was miserable , ill and uncomfortable in the hospital , as to her , the hospital was a place where people felt fear and pain and went to die .
half an hour later , ben was making phone calls from his cell phone and willow pictured him pacing the outdoor corridor with excitement as he told everyone the good news .
hi there , willow whispered , stroking his cheek lightly .
later , at the doctor 's office , willow could n't help to feel a bit of relief while she waited .
after filling out the paperwork , and waiting as they prepared them , willow felt the years come crashing in .
on the drive home , willow cried along with tommy .
willow stood back up and turned back to the kitchen to start her coffee and figure out breakfast .
but just three hours later , right when willow was on her own way to bed , he had gotten up , ready to go .
down the hall , willow heard her husband in the shower .
you need to use toilet paper , willow said .
willow thought of several satisfyingly nasty remarks to yell back at him , but it was too late , which for the kids sake , was a good thing .
they were the most beautiful eyes willow had ever seen .
he ruffled her hair , glanced at willow , who gave him a weak smile and a wave .
every day he left , willow was n't sure if he would come back .
ill do it myself , willow said .
maisy did nt look too sure , so willow did nt let her see her trepidation about the situation .
he looked up from the number three that he was drawing over and over with a red crayon and willow watched him register the red lid .
the movement got tommy up and walking around and so willow had him step out of his towel and into his shorts .
every morning he had a different rule about his shoes , and it seemed that once willow and maisy caught up to his ideal scenario , right shoe first , then tied before the left shoe was on .
or socks , willow did n't even want to consider the drama they 'd had over socks .
how do you spell wish willow asked as the three of them drove to the doughnut shop .
well done , willow smiled at maisy when they pulled into the lot that was just down the street .
there was probably some deep philosophical reason for maisys desire to live underwater , and willow tucked this little piece of information into a mental place where she would retrieve it for consideration when she had more energy .
rules like when to sleep , or what to eat , and willow could nt help but think of the autism and her son as separate beings sometimes .
but willow did nt know what normal was .
she thought back to what the delivery nurse had said about his strength , and how ignorant willow had been , not knowing that strong , stiff arms were an indicator that something was wrong .
he had started to whine and tense up when willow took the turn away from the school and into the doughtnut shop parking lot .
were going to get a special treat , willow said firmly , leaving no room for discussion as she put her hands under his arms to lift him out of his seat .
she knew he just wanted to know what was happening , but for once , willow thought , would it kill him to be flexible ?
maisy jumped up and down beside her and willow felt trapped between the separate desires of her two children .
the shop smelled like maple and sugar and willow thought back longingly to her christmass as a child when her mother would special order maple sugar molds in the shape of leaves from vermont .
when willow was little she had wanted two children when she grew up , a boy and a girl .
he was reading already , and willow knew that the teachers were n't able to understand how he was reading when he could n't put verbal sentences together .
maisy decided on a strawberry doughnut with sprinkles and willow watched as the girl with the blue hair and eyebrow ring stooped to get the treat from the case .
and the girl flashed a brilliant smile and willow immediately saw beyond the piercings and the hair and thought how unfair people are to judge other people .
she asked willow .
the girl looked confused , but just nodded , and willow was grateful not to have to answer any questions .
hell just have a bag of corn chips , said willow , as she rummaged around in her wallet for enough cash .
i like your hair , maisy said earnestly while willow went to see if she could coax tommy toward the door .
at that very moment tommy fell back into the woman while trying to avoid willow taking his hand to lead him out of the way .
i m sorry , maam willow said .
now the woman was waving her gnarled finger in willows face .
he did nt play with her , but then , willow had known that he would nt .
because he knows what s coming next , willow said .
he must really like her , willow thought as she slipped out the door .
even though she used to consider herself a non - joiner , willow found more and more of her evenings consumed by meetings .
some nights she had a sitter , usually one of tommys home therapists , as they were the only ones that understood him in a way that willow trusted .
willow waited until she saw her headlights and hugged tina in gratitude as she slipped in the door and willow slipped out .
willow waited until she saw her headlights and hugged tina in gratitude as she slipped in the door and willow slipped out .
willow sipped her coffee while she watched them discuss the testing , the red tape , the unfairness of it all .
and willow did nt want him to feel isolated in his difference .
suddenly , willow could n't take another second .
after willow paid tina , and paid her well , knowing that reliable , trustworthy sitters were nearly impossible to find , she walked her to the door , getting an earful of how the evening had gone .
the sensation soothed him , and willow had been tempted to try it herself on more than one occasion .
ben used to joke that it would be fun to use during sex , but willow could nt remember the last time they had actually had sex , let alone joke about where to have it .
fifteen minutes later , willow was curled up in bed with her cup of tea and a book about autism she had been meaning to read .
the same pile willow had cleaned up earlier today .
he rubbed it underneath his nose and willow watched him for a moment , wishing there was something that gave her that much instant comfort .
she would probably be more comfortable in her tennis shoes , but it was nt a battle that willow felt like pursuing .
exhaling with relief , willow sat down with them at the table .
i m sorry , willow said , but still the woman did nt look at her .
i m sorry , willow tried again ; her voice was louder now , in hopes of being heard over the crying baby .
he was nt quite one and a half years old , willow guessed .
tommy used to love this , willow said .
he may have allergies , '' said willow .
willow punched in her club card , the phone number from the place she lived ten years ago .
willow shook her head and slammed her trunk closed .
and he thinks that its perfect that someone named willow helped us today .
its going to be ok , willow said .
therapy willow sometimes felt like a receptionist , or an office manager .
as soon as tommy became used to them , and willow had them situated , they quit .
today , willow spent draining the jacuzzi and siphoning out the dump that tommy had taken the day before .
i m so sorry , jackie , the therapist said when she saw willow setting up the hose to drain the contaminated water away from the house .
happens all the time , willow said graciously .
i just thought , you know , socially , so he could appear more normal , jackie said , avoiding eye contact with willow .
later , willow was sweeping up dry rice that tommy had spilled all over the floor while she was telling the little girl from across the street that they could n't buy any girl scout cookies .
she was probably too hard on her because deep down , willow would love it if tommy were normal .
read it to me , willow called back .
add it up , willow called .
it was a smile willow would never take for granted .
i m tired of rushing , willow said , taking a sip of her wine .
ben started to uncharacteristically load the dishwasher and the noise of the clattering dishes hit willow like a slap in the face .
ben said it gently , sensing that willow was beginning to panic .
tommy lingered after they were clean , and willow sat on the toilet watching him walk back and forth in the draining water .
and for a moment , willow was filled with the contradictory sense of being very small , while at the same time being someones entire world .
how could someone need her so much , and yet be so independent that willow often wondered if he would even notice her absence ?
birdio was jumping around and throwing his seed around , so willow quietly maneuvered the dark room in order to cover his cage .
she held her tightly , hoping that osmosis worked for people , and that maisy was soaking up willows love the way a plant soaks up sunlight and water .
jennifer , a mother from tommys class , slid in beside willow and introduced herself to caroline .
she held out her glass and waited for willow to pour .
seems like he has an engaging way with women as well , willow thought as she felt the breeze from all of their eyelashes , batting competitively .
after she left , and jennifer refilled willows glass , willow got up the nerve to talk to dave .
after she left , and jennifer refilled willows glass , willow got up the nerve to talk to dave .
dave was looking at willow in a manner that made her feel important .
willow glanced at her and jennifer gave her a look that told willow she thought she was being obvious in her attraction toward him .
willow glanced at her and jennifer gave her a look that told willow she thought she was being obvious in her attraction toward him .
no , its ok , willow said .
dave looked up at willow .
ben was there for willow , how could she be betraying him , in her thoughts anyway .
i m so sorry , willow said .
willow tuned them out and pushed the goopy cheese around her plate , wishing they had an authentic mexican place that did nt just throw cheese on everything .
ben sighed , letting willow know he was being put out .
it would nt be fair , willow said , to the taxi driver .
goldilocks looked up at her and then flopped her head back down with a sigh , not understanding that willow had just experienced a revelation of sorts .
the alarm went off and willow snapped it off , her feet already on the ground .
it was the diagnosis that tommy needed , because willow was certain he had it .
progress , willow knew from experience , seemed to be the ability to solve an endless supply of problems .
tommy stood up , his shoes on the wrong feet and looked up at willow .
willow looked for the phone book underneath a pile of plastic bags that had piled up because her canvas bags were all sitting in the trunk of her car , where she promptly forgot their existence upon arriving at the store .
willow hated the idea that someone thought she was too lazy to remember such a simple thing .
relieved that maisy was nt going to push her any further , willow called out the open back door to tommy , who was jumping on the trampoline .
maisy got the box out from under her seat and rifled through the laminated photos willow had compiled in the last few years .
she held the picture of the three story building up for tommy to see and willow let out a huge sigh of relief .
were going to see abby , willow said , looking in the rearview mirror .
may as well do your homework , willow pointed to maisys backpack .
watch it , willow warned .
lets just sit here , the father said , leading his daughter to a chair opposite willow .
startled , willow looked at the father and realized it was dave .
willow shook her head and looked sideways at maisy , who did nt appear to be listening , but willow knew better .
willow shook her head and looked sideways at maisy , who did nt appear to be listening , but willow knew better .
those poor fish , willow thought , knowing that lexis lack of good muscle control was nt her fault .
that was impressive , willow said .
on her terms , willow said .
before willow could defend herself , dave laughed it off .
in shopping for doctors , one of willows criteria had been a kind and compassionate front office person , which was surprisingly difficult to find .
right after the doctors appointment , willow said .
ben walked through the door just after willow and the kids got home .
again , willow marveled at his timing .
as always , willow felt the pang of guilt , wanting so much to be able to all sit down and eat a meal together .
he took a huge bite and willow reigned in the intense urge to smack him .
tommy loved mr . grant , and when he managed to get out the front door unattended , at least willow always knew where to find him .
the weeds glowed in the moonlight and for a moment willow felt as if she were in a black and white horror movie .
he used to joke they would have to take him out of there in a pine box , and willow knew it was true .
i have a favor to ask , willow said .
its a strong one , willow said , getting the medicine out of the pharmacy bag .
tommy bit her dad and screamed , trying to thrash about as willow tried to hold his eye open for mr . grant to squeeze the drops into .
hell be fine , willow said , even though she knows maisy was right .
you 'll have to come too , of course , '' he said , waiting for willow to respond .
it was a beautiful morning and willow curiously drove up the coast and turned onto a road at mr . grant 's instructions that brought them up a grassy hill that overlooked the pacific .
tommy waited for willow to get him unbuckled , then he reached for mr . grant 's hand and they walked ahead of her .
rarely did willow see tommy so still .
` ` she 's beautiful , '' willow whispered , and sophia batted her long eyelashes .
they stood there for a long moment and willow turned toward the ocean when she felt tears prick her eyes .
` ` magical , '' willow said .
i do n't know , '' willow said , swiping at her eyes and smiling at mr . grant apologetically .
` ` but the owners , '' willow protested .
` ` you have some lucky friends , '' willow said wistfully , ` ` must be nice to use this as a second home .
emily dickinson party time willow made gluten free , casein free cookies to take to tommys halloween party at school .
but then , willow could n't even get tommy to eat anything really .
they were a useless attempt at some sort of control , the kind of control that willow always seemed to be grasping for .
it 's ok , willow said .
the teacher asked willow , handing her the brownies .
dutifully , willow went around handing out the toxic brownies to the children .
but they would nt give up , and they found an oil , willow did nt know what kind , that somehow helped him considerably .
i ve really got to stop doing that , willow thought to herself .
there were several random shouts from the children appearing to have touretts like symptoms , and willow kept an eye on tommy , the chaos of the class nothing new to her .
quick as a flash , a boy dressed as a ghost ran back to his mother who was standing beside willow .
tommy , willow noticed , bared his teeth in what was his version of a smile .
the kid from the library that dave had told them about , willow thought , smiling to herself .
like that is nt confusing , willow thought , knowing the kids were literal about everything .
last year when willow took the kids trick - or - treating tommy did nt understand why the owners of the first door they knocked on would nt let him into their house .
when willow pulled him back , he screamed and protested , and ben went along with maisy while willow dragged a screaming tommy home .
when willow pulled him back , he screamed and protested , and ben went along with maisy while willow dragged a screaming tommy home .
tommy remained in the corner and willow went over to him and reached over with her hand .
all of the aides had their hands full with the party , so willow motioned to the teacher that she was taking tommy to the bathroom .
jane laughed , patted the dog on the head , as he went back and forth between willow and jane , as if to say , do you understand the gravity of this ?
she stood and looked at willow .
willow loved that her mother felt so at home in willows home .
willow loved that her mother felt so at home in willows home .
jane poured the tea , set a cup in front of willow and went over to her purse .
of course , willow said .
willow noticed that the vomit was orange , and she knew he must have snuck some contraband cookies at the party .
ben was late getting home from work , so willow asked her mother to go out with maisy .
he never threw up in the toilet and willow thought this was because he did n't want to get it all dirty .
yeah , willow thought , cleaning up vomit sounds like a ton of fun .
and willow was fortified by the validity of this mantra .
and willow knew that this was what she always came back to .
she held a chocolate eyeball up for willow .
maisys face fell in disappointment and before willow could recover the situation , ben stepped in .
i m sorry , willow said , reaching for bens hand as they continued down the street .
you look really tired , jane said , patting willows hand .
no , willow changed her mind , and shook it again as if to clear it .
but jane sat , warming her hands on her mug , looking willow in the eye earnestly .
i guess it does nt even matter what the excuse is , willow said .
if willow wanted to talk about sex with her mother , universal laws would state that jane would be uptight and unwilling to talk about such things .
as a mother herself , willow was grateful for this woman in her kitchen .
quickly , as an inadequate way of thanks , willow helped jane make up her bed .
when willow was in high school , her english teacher had told them that the songs they could nt get out of their heads had a special meaning for their current emotional state .
and willow was nervous , and scared .
i ve been working really hard , willow said , her chin starting to tremble .
rather than call him out on the understatement of the year , willow decided to be nice , not ruin a potentially good conversation .
well , you can start by not asking me stupid questions , willow said .
willow shook her head and watched a squirrel warm himself , feet splayed , belly flat on a low lying branch .
pretty please with a cherry on top , willow said .
good , willow said .
same world tommy swung on his swing in the living room off of the kitchen while maisy did her homework at the table and willow threw dinner together .
maisy looked at her , cocking her head , ready to say something sassy about the horrible sounding cheese , but willow cut her off with a glare .
good idea , willow said .
hurry up hon , willow encouraged her knowing their time was very limited .
tommys moans were revving up into wails that willow knew , by the time they got to the check out aisle would be screams .
the woman frowned at willow and walked haughtily away .
sure , willow said , as they are walking away one in a hundred and fifty people have pancreatic cancer .
i was worried about you , he said , greeting the kids with a hug while looking at willow with concern .
ben took willows cell phone from the counter and put it in her purse .
ben took a bottle of wine from the rack and twisted the cork out with a tool willow never was able to figure out .
but willow knew that it did n't matter what peoples perception was anyway .
holidays thanksgiving was the usual tug - of - war between willow and ben 's families .
willow thought it was ben 's place to respond , and of course he had n't .
this year , they had decided to celebrate with willow 's family , which in contrast to ben 's family 's celebration would be a somewhat quiet affair .
thanksgiving had always been willows favorite holiday .
and they all knew tommy well enough that willow could drop her guard , secure with the fact that he was safe and cared for .
your sisters at it again , willow said .
but as willow held fast to the promise that they would never spend thanksgiving there again , she became bitter and spiteful .
maybe that was because his sister did n't expect anything of him , and corresponded through willow .
ben turned sideways and propped his head up on his hand to look down at willow who was staring at the ceiling .
lucille , her sister - in - law , had taken tommy in her arms , right out of the car , while ben , maisy and willow brought in bags and groceries .
she ran toward tommy , who , no longer in lucille 's arms , like willow had assumed , was sitting on the second stair , his hand in the air , blisters already forming on his palm , his mouth open in a howl while the tears poured down his chubby red cheeks .
i m just on my way out , the woman , izzie was her name , willow remembered .
it hit willow like a kick in the stomach that she wished she could live closer to her parents .
but she felt that sinking feeling in her stomach when she noted that lila had been holding a car and turning the same wheel over and over intently , even when willow said her name , purposefully loud .
he had the kids with him so willow could go catch up with her mother .
so willow sat , and put her feet up while the kitchen filled with the delicious aroma of thanksgiving .
christmas shopping willow tried to do a lot of her christmas shopping online .
` ` but i need to go to the mall , '' maisy said , as willow tidied the kitchen and was bragging to ben about almost being done with her holiday shopping .
ben gave willow the ` ` you 'll be a crappy mother if you do n't '' look , and willow felt her day unravel around her as she bowed to the pressure .
` ` please , '' willow said again .
` ` i ' ve got your shoes in the living room bud , '' willow said .
` ` ocean , '' tommy said , breezing by willow in search of his shoes .
on the way to the mall , maisy and willow encouraged tommy 's storytelling , mostly , willow knew , to get him to stop repeating the word and move on to the next , if only for their sanity .
people were staring , but willow did n't care .
finally , it was maisy 's turn , and willow watched as she climbed up on santa 's lap .
what willow could make out were the words , ` ` happy , '' and ` ` right now . ''
tommy held her hand because willow held onto him forcefully , the mall being extremely crowded .
maisy asked , more loudly than willow would have liked , as if the volume of her voice made the question more concrete .
willow sighed , not sure she knew how she had gotten to this place .
willow turned to the person behind her , ` ` would you mind holding my place ? ''
and when the woman nodded , willow stepped over to tommy , who was looking at his reflection in the counter , and said , ` ` and what happened after that ? ''
` ` i ' m sorry , '' willow said , but her words went unheard .
finally , with boxes in hand , willow turned to find tommy and maisy waiting patiently as they looked out the window at people passing .
but maisy just looked at her as if she were crazy , and willow started to point toward the counter , where the man must surely now be .
it was a long walk back to the car , as willow sternly told tommy he could n't repeat words like ` ` fire , '' and ` ` die , '' in public like that .
but willow knew it was pointless , he did n't understand the gravity of the words .
hang in there , willow said , and then , eager to change the subject , do we have a winner ?
later , jennifer and willow lingered after caroline and dave had gone home .
` ` you seem sad , '' willow said , sensing that jennifer did n't want to go home .
` ` they 're getting so big , '' willow said .
` ` call me if you need me , '' willow said .
senses it was unseasonably warm for a december day , and willow turned off the heater in the jacuzzi so it would be a pleasant temperature when tommy got home from school .
it just took a few minutes to get to the office and willow walked right past the sign - in and went straight back to the nurses office .
thank you so much , willow said , hoping the sarcasm she infused into the sentence was only obvious to her .
maisy turned to the nurse before she walked through the doorway , and before willow realized what was happening , vomited all over the nurse 's shoes .
because he spent the last five hours with you in the emergency room , willow thought , but she knew the thought was ugly and bitter and she pushed it aside before it had time to take root .
i think we should all sign it , ben said , reading willows mind .
ben ushered maisy into the house to get her settled on the couch and willow went over to stand near tommy , who was still in the jacuzzi .
rather , it was a smile of peace and contentment , and willow felt privileged to bear witness .
earlier that day , before the bills and the phone calls and the hospital room , willow had had an acupuncture appointment .
no , thanks , willow said .
he joined willow in the kitchen where she was making coffee .
the fair would certainly cheer maisy up , willow thought .
in the name of god , her mother had said , with the inflection of a question , trying to shove through them and reach willow to pull her forward .
she needs a little bit of freedom , besides , '' he said when willow gave him a look , ` ` she needs it for balance .
of course it was the furthest from the parking lot and willow felt as if she were dragging tommy along .
there were vendors with food , and something about the sweet smoky scent of roasted almonds , grounded willow and reminded her to live in the moment .
a balloon popped before it could be twisted into an animal , but he did n't jump the way willow did .
when he needed to hear something , there was a subtle shifting that willow swore she could see in his eyes .
it made willow sick just looking at it , and she wished there were a way for her to just watch .
no thanks , willow said .
i love the smell , willow said .
her shadow jumped over tommy and willow was surprised he did n't open his eyes due to the play of light .
maisy tried to brush the dust out of his hair , but willow told her not to worry about it .
as they moved closer , tommy jumped and flapped more , until they were finally next and willow feared he might burst with excitement .
after the third ride of the whirligig , maisy , willow and ben voted that they needed to move on .
when they reached the top , tommy swung his feet excitedly , making maisy squeal and ben laugh at the queasy look on willows face .
automatically , willow shook her head no , but called thank you , so as not to offend them .
willow was struck with the unfairness of it and felt badly for maisy , but she was frozen in place , waiting as tommy took the mallet and banged on the drum .
tommy started to pull willow toward the beach , no patience for his sister .
tommy picked up a piece of sea glass and held it in his hand while willow watched him closely to make sure he did n't eat it .
ben and willow walked slowly , side by side , watching their children in the fading light .
i thought he was going to be really good , willow admitted .
i m starving , willow said .
we do nt have a piano , willow said .
even though he meant it to tease her , willow heard the truth in it .
well see what we can do , willow said .
tommy was kicking willows seat methodically .
and willow saw that he was flapping his hands while he kicked .
the next morning , when she was picking up after the chaos of getting everyone out the door , in the serendipitous way that things sometimes work , willow opened up the classifieds to see if she could find an ideal , part - time job .
christmas because willow had the drums and keyboard tucked away in the garage , she would n't have to go crazy trying to find christmas presents this year .
it was two days before christmas , and the plan was to celebrate early , then break away and come home to celebrate at home with willow 's parents .
whatever , '' sighed willow dejectedly .
makes perfect sense , willow said .
ben pulled off at the next exit and maisy and willow quietly got out of the car and ran toward the bathroom .
do nt touch anything , willow said as she pulled her sleeve down around her hand to open the door .
maisy was already belted in and willow hopped in the front .
well be there in half an hour , willow said loudly .
it certainly does , willow said .
willow turned the corner to the dining room to find that tommy , in the last sixty seconds had managed to unscrew all of the salt and pepper lids and dump their contents onto the table .
she asked willow as she and tommy walked away .
sure thing , willow called back .
he looks like he was crying a lot , betty called as she heard willow click into the kitchen .
and then , what willow had known would come eventually , betty scrutinized her .
except for the meal where betty said a prayer , out loud , that willow would learn some fashion sense , which caused willow to almost choke on the wine she was sipping , things went surprisingly well .
except for the meal where betty said a prayer , out loud , that willow would learn some fashion sense , which caused willow to almost choke on the wine she was sipping , things went surprisingly well .
hey , willow called as she opened the door .
come take a look at this , bob said , ushering willow over to her tree .
ben flopped on the couch and willow joined her mother in the kitchen .
ben dug into the chips and sat beside willow at the table .
and willows parents had had the foresight to pre - purchase maisy a years worth of piano lessons .
it was already dusk and willow pulled a sweater on as they stepped into the cool air that smelled of wood smoke from all of the fireplaces burning in living rooms up and down the street .
bliss , was the word that came to willows mind .
ben , willow and maisy hovered around him in the hallway while he stood there crying .
ill stay here , you go ahead , willow said , picking up a magazine to flip through .
throw enough parmesan on anything and you ve got a meal , willow said , placing the plates on the table .
we just need to get through this night , willow thought to herself .
on the fourth day , willow made an appointment with the dr . for the following day .
maybe he 's growing , willow told ben at night when they were going through the list of possibilities .
everyone was happy and they watched a movie that maisy loved and that willow and ben found mind numbingly boring .
if you promise to be quick , willow said .
for a minute , willow thought she must be dreaming .
i m really proud of you , willow said .
go do your homework , willow said , giving her a playful swat on the bottom with the end of the towel .
i m tired , willow answered to the silent question .
when he saw they were all in order he picked up a book and willow sighed again , this time with relief .
it was n't ideal in any way , but it was what they had , and willow still worked with him every afternoon .
maisy and willow had talked him into trying out for the band tomorrow .
and willow knew she kind of had a point .
but if you do , willow prompted .
do nt watch too much t.v . , willow called after her .
maisy always got her homework done , but willow liked to think she was involved .
the phone continued to ring and willow left the chicken in the sink , grabbed a dishtowel and picked up the phone .
what s wrong with him is that he has autism , willow said , taking a deep breath and trying to steady herself .
ok , well , have a good evening , willow hung up before the woman had a chance to reply .
which meant that willow would just have to deal with it later , but she did n't have the energy to fight over such pettiness right now .
oh , just call 9 - 1 - 1 , willow said , pointing toward the rotary avocado colored phone on the counter .
just be quiet , willow thought , pacing back and forth .
after ben left , willow sat by mr . grant , but it felt strange , not being able to chat with him like she used to .
she sat in the kitchen , sassy purring in her lap after eating her stinky canned food that willow had found in the pantry , which was empty other than the case of cat food and some old cans of soup .
maisy was quiet and willow knew the tears would come later , when she was alone .
but willow knew better .
we should take them to the funeral , willow said .
willow knew she was worried about the ashes blowing back toward them in the ocean breeze .
i do nt think so , willow whispered .
and some of the neighbors from willow 's street had come .
but the service had no religious overtones , which did nt surprise willow , being that mr . grant had been so set in his agnostic ways .
which , truth be told , even though bens family was catholic , suited willow just fine .
think of it as an adventure , willow said as the four of them opened the door and stepped into the office .
gently , willow wiped the trickle of blood away with her thumb .
just as ben sat down in the empty lobby , and willow figured the receptionist must be on a break , william opened his office door , smiled warmly and motioned them in .
tommy started picking at his zit again and willow chose to ignore it .
ben asked , even though willow had told him about it every time she had gone up there with the kids .
just up the road a bit , willow answered .
ben asked , turning to stare at willow .
but i would have been so much better if i had known , willow said .
of course not , willow said .
look , willow pointed to the green hills , dotted with orange poppies as they wound their way higher and higher .
willow took in the broken spanish tiles on the roof , the overgrown shrubs , the stucco walls that were cracked and mildewing from the ground up .
but that is nt what were supposed to do , willow said , climbing into bed , her voice softening .
ill go , ben said , eager , willow knew , to get away from her .
ben asked , and willow , exasperated threw her hands up and flopped back on her pillows .
tommys crying was getting louder and ben left with a sigh of irritation willow could n't explain the feeling she had , but she knew she must honor it .
ill sit with him for a while , willow said , giving maisy and ben the go ahead to leave .
he went to his bookshelf and picked an old favorite out , something about a frog and a ship that willow had n't read .
maisys light was still on and willow found her in bed , her i - pod in her ears while she read a book and instant messaged a friend from her laptop .
i do nt know , willow said .
very practical of you , willow said .
not too loud , '' willow said , and then mouthed , ` ` love you too hon , before she kissed her forehead and left the room .
ben was already asleep when willow climbed into bed beside him .
jane asked , knowing that of course willow had called for a reason .
running a ranch with a group of autistic youths is a little different than adopting a puppy willow .
but willow could tell from her tone that that was exactly what she would do .
he is nt there , willow said which got both maisy and ben instantly to their feet .
out of the corner of her eye , willow saw a movement in their minivan which was parked in the driveway .
he wants to go to the ranch , willow said .
he was happy , willow knew , because he knew where he was going .
the number is willow racked her brain for her cell number .
willow saw a hispanic man tending to the llamas .
he looked at her hesitantly and willow read his thoughts .
were not going to sell , willow reassured him .
tommy nodded and willow did n't see the point in telling the man that the two had already met .
i m willow , willow said , holding her hand out to introduce herself while tommy gently pet sophia .
we used to have horses , he said wistfully , and willow automatically knew there would be horses in maisy 's future .
i think well call it , ` ` our place , willow said .
willow thought that he had miscounted but then realized that he had counted himself , maisy , ben and willow into the equation .
lori asked willow as she scraped her plate clean .
settling in well celebrate christmas there , willow said to ben as they sorted through boxes in the garage .
ben made a show out of dusting off a box full of the remnants of willows old hobbies .
ill be fine , willow said .
llamas , tommy said , getting out of the car that willow had pulled up behind the u - haul .
our place , willow says .
willow , knowing he would say that , had put the cooler in her trunk for easy access .
willow sat on the blanket she had laid out on the grass near the cypress tree .
they had a place , and finally , willow could envision a world full of possibilities .
the meadow extended until it reached a line of deciduous trees , weeping willows and bull - rushes on the banks of a gently running river where water rats , otters and frogs played in the water and a family of swans glid by in stately procession .
whither willow ?
it was dark and i could n't see nothin ' out there , just the branches of that big old willow tree bangin ' on the window .
arnie looks scared and keeps pointin ' at that old willow , so i starts to go and arnie runs back and grabs me , pullin ' me into the room .
` ` it is a willow tree ! ''
i am pleased that you have decided on a willow tree .
now my dear , you go in and do your washing and i will dig the hole for the tree , the very big , very beautiful willow tree . ''
a small rose bush that melissa had planted stood precisely where he would plant his willow tree .
she had planted that thorny bush where his willow tree would grow .
* * * joshua looked into the hole he had dug for the willow tree , wiped his hands on his heavy cloth shirt , stared down at the streak of dirt and smiled .
melissa walked slowly back to the house , turning once to see joshua sitting on the damp ground , admiring his willow .
he 'd tell the others about melly and the willow .
the slim willow tree had been removed and only the hole was there , but much larger , much deeper .
he had threatened to bury her baby under the willow tree .
then he had carelessly replanted the thin willow tree , outside in the snow , by the corner of the house .
joshua ran to the corner of the house , tore the small willow from the snow - covered ground and held the baby in the air , directly over the hole .
she carefully removed , once more , the slim willow .
still planting willow trees ?
not just any tree , had to be a willow . ''
arnie walked partway down the path , his footprints clear in the newly fallen snow , then he turned and looked at the willow tree and the open hole .
after a time she pushed the slim willow into the hole and stamped on the dirt around the base .
he walked quickly around to the front door stopping only for a moment to gaze at the small willow tree covered in snow .
she had told him the story of joshua , his anger , how he had chased her barefoot across the snow - covered field , how he had dragged her to the willow tree and said she would drop her baby there .
then she told him she had buried him under the willow tree .
the next spring they would still pop up everywhere - everywhere except by the willow tree .
cassandra was playing under the willow tree as she always did , giggling and talking to her doll , a rag doll with eyes made of buttons .
it was strange , the attraction the girl had for the willow tree .
he had never seen a willow grow so quickly .
they were n't like any other willow he 'd ever seen .
see how willow loves you ?
no willow , you must n't hold baby too tight .
one day , maybe it was last summer , melly had asked cassandra to come in for supper , but the little gal just stayed under the willow tree .
the branches of the willow were swaying violently .
i kept telling you , ca n't have too much snow on the willow .
it is n't a strong tree , a willow .
cassandra was playing under the willow tree , as usual .
and yet you stand o willow tree as winter comes upon the lea .
is she with willow ? ''
that was the first time that cassandra had invited someone under her willow tree .
melissa returned to her bench , frowning slightly and staring at the huge willow , looking for signs of movement .
the willow was still , motionless .
even though it was a bright day it was dark beneath the hanging branches of the willow tree .
hear willow ?
look up at willow . ''
he is one of us , a friend of willow . ''
the willow was shaking and he could hear the humming .
she just sat there , staring out the window at the old willow tree .
spent all her time under that old willow tree .
the whole bunch of them sat for hours around the old willow .
he continued , telling of how arnie was afraid , of how the willow was banging on the window .
but the most spectacular feature was the tree , a giant willow tree .
look at that willow tree .
harold walked obediently to the willow tree and stood , hands on hips , smiling .
harold gave the old willow one last glance before he followed his wife .
the branches of the old willow moved slowly , almost imperceptibly , waving , gnarled and twisted .
the house was tall and handsome , the grass had been mowed recently and the willow swayed gently , beckoning , as though it were welcoming them home .
that old willow ...
when he drove up the driveway he stopped and gazed at the old willow .
he walked around the house , starting to walk to the left side , looked up at the willow then changed his mind and walked by the right side .
a thin twisted branch fell to the groud , severed from the evil willow , the bane of mankind , the dark scourge .
everyone heard it and harold walked to the window and toasted the willow tree .
` ` i call your attention to my willow tree . ''
this here willow tree will do as i command ! ''
` ` and now ladies and gentlemen my willow will perform ... ta dum ! ''
he looked at the house and the giant willow tree which seemed a black extension to the side , tall and irregular and wild looking , cradling the old house .
he stopped beside the willow tree and looked up into the chaos of shiny wet leaves glinting in the moonlight .
every branch was like a steel bar , a prison - he was in a prison , a prisoner of the willow tree .
the body had been wrapped in a white sheet and was lying on the ground beside the willow tree .
chapter 7 willow towers : august , 1947 michael colby looked at the house for a long time .
at the front left corner stood a gargantuan willow tree with soaring branches which arched high above the house then fell in a wild tangle to the ground .
if anyone asks it 's because there used to be a huge willow tree in this spot .
colby walked quickly toward the rusty black chev , looking back only once at the old willow tree .
the radio was playing in the cab and he did n't hear the crash as the side of the house caved in , but he saw the bricks fall and the roof collapse and the big old willow tree lean to one side .
he wiped the dust from the front window , leaned forward and saw the branch of the old willow tree soaring above the roofline , swinging back and forth , a single massive arm reaching with black fingers against the sky , then down , down toward the cab .
butch lay on the ground for several seconds , looking up at the willow tree .
from the dark vault beneath the willow he saw the shapes , glowing , rising , luminescent .
butch pulled himself to a sitting position and stared across at the willow .
he started to hobble unsteadily toward the willow , his heavy army overcoat flopping from side to side .
it was early evening and they could both clearly see the two walls which were intact , next to the huge willow tree which was now moving slowly , caressing what remained of the house .
two walls of the old bourden house still stood against the huge willow tree .
it was a week to the day since butch camden had narrowly escaped death at the hands of the willow tree , and the steel ball had crushed the cab .
butch screamed with excitement , then settled back and smiled , squinting his eyes , drooling , staring at the willow with its branches beginning to rise in the air .
he ignored them , staring intently at the old willow .
his leg was bleeding now , but he crawled to the machine gun , still covered in small coils of the willow , black and twisting and alive .
the old willow tree had split , one half falling onto the driveway , and the worker had vanished .
it was more than an hour later when they found butch beneath the fallen half of the willow .
last fall the death of butch camden had been in the papers and the article had mentioned the fears of the workmen , their insistence that the willow was alive , their refusal to work until the tree was removed .
trucks had carted away most of the debris , but half of the huge willow tree still stood there , magnificent , almost regal .
the crowd waited and watched as the man with the chain saw stood before the tree , waiting , staring up into the old willow .
it was deserted , barren except for the huge willow tree silhouetted against a full moon .
after building willow towers he 'd want to do more , build more , make more money .
the other houses on the block were dwarfed by willow towers and he was happy .
they would stop and chat and describe how they had decorated their rooms , compare views from their windows and complimented themselves on having put their bid in early for an apartment in willow towers .
the announcer was condemning city council for approving the rezoning which enabled the building of the monstrosity called willow towers .
that magnificent willow tree .
how many such willow trees in new bamberg ?
` ` he wants a willow , we have a willow ... willow towers .
` ` he wants a willow , we have a willow ... willow towers .
` ` he wants a willow , we have a willow ... willow towers .
i think willow towers is magnificent , '' continued fran .
now she curled with knees raised , hair in curlers , leaning against the padded , cream coloured headboard , writing the events and thoughts of the day : kay and i spent at least an hour this afternoon on willow walk .
our neighbours are all such nice people , but we only see them in the parking lot or on willow walk .
then , in less than a week , harold bourden was found dead beneath the giant willow tree .
people from all over town came to watch the destruction of the bourden house and were enthralled with the willow battles .
the newspaper carried the progress each day : the stubborn old willow had become entangled in the walls and plumbing and had refused to stand by and watch the old house demolished , its roots filling the drains , clinging frantically to the walls of the house .
then , during construction and ten years after the death of the bourdens , another violent death , at the same place , beneath the same old willow tree .
* * * ` ` inspector jaffre , '' the reporter had begun , ` ` could you describe the body of mr . camden , as he was found , beneath that old willow tree ? ''
` ` it was the bloody willow ! ''
` ` the bloody willow killed butch camden !
the bloody willow killed harold bourden !
the bloody willow killed ... killed - '' inspector jaffre fell back into his chair , breathing heavily .
when the gazette hit the newstand , the headlines read : jaffre takes willow tree into custody kenneth leland jaffre became the laughing stock of new bamberg .
` ` the tree , the giant willow tree that stands by the house , the same house where all three bodies were found , the same tree that ... that ... '' kenneth jaffre felt a gentle hand on his shoulder , but he ignored his wife .
* * * then , in 1948 , on new year 's eve , the holocaust - the bodies of fran moller and john and barbara mullin and the other tenants of willow towers - all were crushed , all were covered in slimy welts and small black hairs - and he knew he had been right .
yet he would say nothing of his hunch , of his theory , of the wicker chairs made from the old willow tree , the tree that had killed harold and sandra bourden and butch camden .
mr . shulom had apparently known the people who built the house that previously stood on that site , and in spite of his conviction that the devil lived there , the old man had taken an apartment in willow towers .
* * * ` ` ken , you can not really believe that a willow tree , or any kind of tree , can really attack and kill someone .
it might fall on someone , perhaps a weak branch - '' ` ` betsy , i ' ve thought about this and little else for years and now i ' m convinced that it was the willow .
but it was not the last time they would speak of the willow ... or the babies .
for telling him the truth about the willow tree ?
when his grandson was old enough , the inspector would tell his grandson stories of mystery and intrigue , figures that walked stealthily in the night , of evil men and unsolved crimes and frantic races with high powered cars ... and death at the hands of a willow tree .
and when he thought of the willow tree or the missing babies , somehow it seemed remote and confusing and he was n't quite sure that he had recalled the facts with any accuracy .
then he put porgy on a leash and took him for a walk around the building , beneath the splinters of wood which had once been a latticework covering willow walk .
the bourden house was dominated by a large willow tree .
the house was torn down and willow towers was built on the site .
all the tenants of willow towers ?
jaffre had a theory about the deaths : the bourdens , both harold and sandra , and the tenants of willow towers .
` ` it was the willow tree , '' inspector jaffre had said .
` ` the willow tree killed them all . ''
his grandson had explained : the old man had been sick and the nursing home attendants had often heard him talk of the willow tree .
in the front left corner stood the willow tree , towering above the roof , branches hanging to the ground .
` ` the article said that you had a theory , that you blamed the deaths on an old willow tree which once stood on the property .
i would be most appreciative if you could tell me about that old willow tree .
what caused - '' ` ` the willow , '' came the soft voice from the next bed .
` ` it was ... the tree ... the willow tree ... and the babies ... '' bryan swung his chair around .
he had a willow tree it seems and it 's the only thing he can talk about . ''
` ` we call it the willow woggles .
it 's a new type of senility , the willow woggles . ''
there was not much there : willow tree - bourden house - jaffre - moss hill nursing home - willow woggles epidemic .
` ` the old willow tree , it stood right on this site .
` ` if the willow tree really did kill all those tenants , like jaffre said , it was long after the bourden house was torn down .
nosy people who are unraveling the mysteries of the willow tree .
anyone caught climbing the stairs will contract a bad case of willow wiggles . ''
the secrets of the willow towers deaths , '' said liz with a smile .
listen to this : kay and i spent at least an hour this afternoon on willow walk .
the evil willow tree ! ''
but they were made from an old willow tree that once stood on the site of the willow towers .
but they were made from an old willow tree that once stood on the site of the willow towers .
the chairs were made of the same old willow tree - they were lying in shreds , but not enough to make up a single chair . ''
` ` the willow tree lived on , in those chairs . ''
are you thinking that the willow tree had this animating principle ? ''
she said epidemic , a willow woggles epidemic . ''
` ` do you think - are you saying - '' ` ` bryan , there 's somebody else in that nursing home who talks about willow trees . ''
` ` do you have anyone else in the nursing home who speaks of willow trees ? ''
` ` could you please tell us about the willow tree deaths . ''
inspector jaffre immediately perked up and mumbled , ` ` it was the willow tree ... it killed everybody , the willow tree killed everybody , the babies ... '' liz was standing and bryan gave her his chair .
inspector jaffre immediately perked up and mumbled , ` ` it was the willow tree ... it killed everybody , the willow tree killed everybody , the babies ... '' liz was standing and bryan gave her his chair .
how do you know it was the willow tree ?
how could - '' ` ` the willow tree , '' muttered jaffre .
` ` it was the willow tree .
` ` the willow tree , '' muttered jaffre , ` ` ... killed everybody . ''
` ` the willow tree . ''
` ` the willow tree , '' muttered jaffre .
` ` it was the willow tree ... killed everybody . ''
` ` the willow tree ... '' liz stood and mumbled , ` ` okay .
bryan sat silently , quietly , as they drove down king street toward willow towers .
that willow tree is still alive , somehow , somewhere . ''
liz sat without speaking and bryan whispered , ` ` where is the tree - the willow tree ?
the vines on willow walk .
the tree is still on willow walk .
she started across the parking lot toward the front left of the building , toward willow walk .
well , i told him about the willow tree , about the roots which still grow beneath the apartment building .
he actually believed that a willow tree - '' ` ` bryan ... the officer 's name is jaffre . ''
` ` do you mean ... '' ` ` yes , precisely , exactly , the ... the death of all tenants of willow towers , every one , attacked ... '' he sucked in his breath .
` ` bryan , the willow is gone , dead , departed .
` ` a willow tree , '' she muttered .
i do n't want a willow tree in my yard .
the willow tree maybe she should wait to burn it .
they had spent many hours debating whether to move out of the run down apartment building , but there had been no other strange willow occurrences since the death of mrs . perkins : the roots had been injected with a herbicide , the tenants had all moved back in and everything was going well .
the rent at willow towers was minimal and that made the decision to stay more palatable .
sounds like a willow murder do n't you think ?
` ` liz ... that was a willow murder .
now we must leave this place ... it 's not safe , there is a willow tree , and it 's not dead .
` ` bryan , our willow is dead , '' liz said quietly .
it just sounds like a willow thing , but really - '' ` ` i ' m going to phone the police , talk to that police sergeant . ''
bryan had n't thought about the willow tree deaths for years , since mrs . perkins .
` ` i suspect , '' said jaffre , ` ` that you two are the only ones , besides myself , who suspect the willow tree .
` ` we spoke to him a few years ago about the willow tree murders . ''
` ` did you find anything that would suggest the willow tree ?
anyway , the basket took root , grew into a small willow tree . ''
that seems to have solved the problem here , at willow towers .
` ` your grandfather , he knew of the willow tree .
` ` just mumbles about the willow tree .
she spoke of the willow tree - that 's what the nurse said .
willow woggles , an epidemic of willow woggles she said . ''
willow woggles , an epidemic of willow woggles she said . ''
` ` they were both victims of the willow ...
your willow tree is dead now .
we should n't be concerned , our willow is dead , we should forget about it . ''
what interest do we have in this - these willow tree deaths ?
our willow tree is gone .
she had grown fond of the tall officer who , along with her and bryan , identified the willow tree as the source of the mysterious deaths .
sam paused and stared at liz who said , ` ` he meant the willow tree did n't he ?
` ` yes , '' continued sam , ` ` he meant the willow tree .
harold bourden - found beneath willow tree .
willow towers - built almost directly over roots .
there 's a blank page , '' continued liz , ` ` then some more : wicker chairs - made from willow tree - new year 's eve party .
` ` well ... yes , '' mumbled sam , then added quickly , ` ` but it has nothing to do with the willow tree and the associated deaths . ''
he spoke of babies , missing - or maybe killed , by the willow tree . ''
` ` your grandfather obviously thought the missing babies were associated with the willow - that they were killed by the willow . ''
` ` your grandfather obviously thought the missing babies were associated with the willow - that they were killed by the willow . ''
` ` when they took down the old willow tree the branches were twisted ... there were a number of tightly wound coils .
somebody , i ca n't remember who , somebody cut open one of these coils ; like a spring made of willow .
the willow tree , it might have a soul .
` ` there was a child 's bones among the roots of the old willow tree .
in particular i ' m glad there 's somebody to talk to about this - this willow tree thing .
would n't be complete without a chapter on the willow tree killings . ''
but willow understood ; knew and understood her anger .
she watched , horrified , when they tore down her willow , bombed and slashed her willow and built the apartment .
she watched , horrified , when they tore down her willow , bombed and slashed her willow and built the apartment .
then the walkway , covered in roses , right over willow .
and willow understood and her anger was unleashed , and the dark shadow of ahriman enveloped the building and all inside were abolished , all who laughed amid the misery of her sister , all who sang and mocked the soul of willow .
and willow understood and her anger was unleashed , and the dark shadow of ahriman enveloped the building and all inside were abolished , all who laughed amid the misery of her sister , all who sang and mocked the soul of willow .
and willow understood everything .
but no one cared for willow .
but most cruel , the very cruelest , the most evil thing - they removed her very lifeblood , her inner being : they had removed the bones that gave willow vitality ... and soul .
she had recovered the bones from the inspector 's house and had placed them reverently with willow once more .
she called upon ahriman and the prince had spoken to the inspector , and the old files now lay buried in the vaults beneath the station , yet it was not done , for willow lay still in the cold ground .
and they came when she needed them , the friends of willow .
know that she waits beneath the willow so that one day she may join us and rejoice .
together they carried the child to the tree , for the winds had died and the snow had cleared and the branches of the great willow rose like a fountain and a hollow appeared in the ground , and cassandra laid the child in the hollow , before the tree , before willow , before ahriman , and they all began to chant .
together they carried the child to the tree , for the winds had died and the snow had cleared and the branches of the great willow rose like a fountain and a hollow appeared in the ground , and cassandra laid the child in the hollow , before the tree , before willow , before ahriman , and they all began to chant .
soul of willow , arise and rejoice , complete and whole , union and life .
together they gathered the friends to support them in their supplication : doctors and nurses and police and men of influence and women who held souls within their body , that the friends of willow might appease the dark prince , ahriman .
yet , one day , one day ... willow would stand by her side .
tonight she would summon yet another to the friends of willow , a meddler , a guardian of the law ... and it was good , for he would summon yet another .
when inspector jaffre suspected that the willow tree was somehow involved in the deaths associated with the kumar property , one of the first persons in whom he confided , after the death of his wife , was the boy .
the stories were told less often and sam watched his grandfather become old , then confused , but he never stopped talking of the willow tree and sam never forgot the terror he felt as a youth .
she was killed by a small willow that grew from a discarded wicker basket - or was it a chair ?
sam leaned back and put his pencil in his mouth again , then leaned forward and drew several rectangles , all on a single line beneath the willow .
then he drew arrows radiating from the willow rectangle to each of the tree parts .
we were talking about ... uh , about - '' ` ` about the willow tree killings , '' said liz quietly .
what evidence is there to suggest it has anything at all to do with the willow tree thing ? ''
it was about the willow tree deaths ... was n't it ? ''
` ` of course , the willow tree deaths , '' said liz .
` ` the soul of the willow , '' she whispered .
` ` we saw the soul of the willow . ''
chapter 19 friends of the willow : june , 1984 bryan lay in bed , staring at the ceiling , thinking .
then liz had insisted on inspecting the roots on willow walk but the roots seemed to have vanished .
they were safe at willow towers and they should just stay there .
` ` i ' m the evil willow ... come to strangle - '' she began , then stopped .
it had been some time since he had visited willow towers ; it was a mess .
` ` bryan , '' she groaned , now sitting upright , ` ` the willow is gone from willow towers .
` ` bryan , '' she groaned , now sitting upright , ` ` the willow is gone from willow towers .
you said we had seen the soul of the willow , remember ?
the willow is gone and its roots are gone - '' ` ` and now all the tenants have gone , '' bryan moaned , ` ` and sam ... he 's gone too . ''
` ` funniest old willow i ever seen .
branches all twisted up , not like your ordinary willow .
` ` uh ... , the willow , where did you say - ? ''
the man who had stood next to him was just getting into his car and bryan waved and shouted , ` ` that willow - where did you say it was ? ''
most of the trees were labelled : oak , spruce , elm , ... no willow .
where had that guy seen a willow ?
he mentioned a willow tree but i ca n't find it on this map . ''
` ` a willow ?
we 're finished with willows , remember ? ''
` ` i know , but he said this was a strange willow with branches twisted and curled - not your ordinary willow he says . ''
` ` i know , but he said this was a strange willow with branches twisted and curled - not your ordinary willow he says . ''
no willow . ''
` ` the willow ! ''
the willow ! ''
` ` the willow ?
` ` the guy who talked to us about the willow tree , remember ? ''
` ` bryan , you have a bad case of willow woggles . ''
he mentioned an old willow tree - an unusual tree .
i thought we were finished with willow - '' ` ` c'm on liz .
` ` my husband says you mentioned a strange old willow tree , '' ` ` yes , i remember now .
` ` well , can you remember where that old willow was ?
` ` first you were pleased to be done with the willow tree thing , you wanted to have nothing to do with it , it was n't worth the effort as you 're so fond of saying , and now you want to - '' ` ` c'm on liz .
why on earth did bryan want to see an old willow tree ?
bryan was n't sure , himself , why he was so eager to see the willow tree .
he had n't thought about the willow tree for some time .
just an old willow .
there were hundreds , maybe thousands of willows in the county ; they seemed to grow from a discarded twig .
the branches : they were twisted and curled ... not your ordinary willow , that 's what the man had said .
he had to see it to satisfy himself that it was just an old willow , nothing special , nothing evil .
it was old and delapidated but there , at the front left corner , stood a giant willow tree , black and sinister against the moonlit sky , its branches hovering over the roof of the house .
the willow was identical to the picture in the gazette .
the old bourden house and the giant willow tree ; it looked like an identical tree .
they sat and stared for some time before liz said , ` ` well , there 's your willow tree .
she walked to the edge of the porch and looked at the willow tree .
the wind died down and the willow was quiet , its long moon - shadow lying sinister across the snow covered lawn .
a glow appeared in a window of the first floor , in a room next to the willow tree .
the headlights momentarily illuminated the small sign nailed to the post : friends of willow .
` ` but the old willow .
she has one of those willows , not your ordinary willow . ''
she has one of those willows , not your ordinary willow . ''
` ` lots of people have willows .
let 's forget about the willow tree thing . ''
let 's forget about this willow tree thing . ''
this was the room where it all happened : the death of all but one of the tenants of willow towers , their bodies twisted and crushed , covered in welts and bruises .
she would see immediately that these were the baskets made from the old willow tree .
i mean , talking about a willow tree .
he has a bad case of ... uh , well , he keeps talking about his willow tree . ''
` ` you mean he has the willow woggles ? ''
the willow thing was over and done with .
the roots under willow walk , the death of mrs . perkins , the diary on the tenth floor , the willow tree on dune road , the disappearance of sam jaffre , the strange apparition at sam 's house that night , the boxes in the basement , the noises in the night , the mysterious note asking them , warning them to leave .
the roots under willow walk , the death of mrs . perkins , the diary on the tenth floor , the willow tree on dune road , the disappearance of sam jaffre , the strange apparition at sam 's house that night , the boxes in the basement , the noises in the night , the mysterious note asking them , warning them to leave .
chapter 21 willow circle it was late ; past 11 o'clock in the evening .
they should have moved out of willow towers sooner - much sooner .
the humming got louder and the glow from the window created crazy shadows on the trellis of what remained of willow walk .
she raised her arms and the friends of willow began the dance , swaying and humming , a nurse , a man of the cloth , a giver of life , a guardian of the law , a teacher of truth , a builder , a woman of council , they sang in low voice .
renewal and life - soul of willow .
all this - this - willow stuff , the note warning us out of the apartment .
they were somehow tied up with the willow tree thing .
the tall , black , ugly willow that spun him to the top of the world , a thousand miles above the ground , above the fields of wild flowers running to the purple hills barely visible in the mist on the horizon .
the evil willow ... ` ` bryan ?
` ` watch out for the tree - the ol ' willow tree .
the willow - evil - and melly , poor melly , brought right in - dragged right into the evil circle . ''
` ` friends of the willow - all in her spell .
evil - willow tree and cassandra - evil - '' when bryan put his hands on brubacher 's shoulder the old man stopped and looked up at him , his eyes fearful , his hands trembling .
born of an evil woman - killed her husband - ol ' josh , under the willow - see my hand ?
josh was mad - terrible mad - under the willow - '' bryan 's head was spinning .
` ` josh had a terrible temper - killed barney fer sure - we all knew it - then he got it hisself - under the tree - damnation , that old willow - the martin gals gave her the babies , just like that they did it - just gave up their babies - and josh wanted a boy - '' the old man was repeating himself and bryan had some difficulty in getting things down on paper .
melissa kills joshua - buries him under the willow .
friends of the willow - evil society - under cassandra 's spell he looked over the notes .
` ` when do the movers arrive at willow towers ? ''
they were back at willow towers by 1:30 and began to carry smaller furniture to the truck , liz directing the operation .
even his scraps of paper had been piled on his desk - his deep and important mathematical discoveries , brought with care and much fanfare from willow towers , in a small cardboard box .
at the willow .
the meeting tomorrow night - at the willow , the old apartment building .
friends of the willow .
it was a meeting of the friends of the willow .
the willow tree was involved , somehow .
the willow tree deaths .
the boxes in the basement , filled with willow baskets .
they were parts of the old willow tree .
liz and sam were friends of the willow .
could he talk to bruno about the willow thing ?
it said : friends of willow .
it did n't say friends of the willow .
just friends of willow .
chapter 24 sister of willow ` ` and yet shall i bring ahriman to my side , '' she moaned , ` ` and ahura - mazda shall see it and weep , for we shall be victor in this struggle . ''
` ` and the friends of willow shall rejoice that night , for a child shall be taken , unborn , with soul unclean ... and i shall be one with my sister . ''
the friends of willow would all be there - tonight .
she would never die so long as willow lived .
they had violated willow .
the bones now lay quiet and resting , beneath the new willow , held precious in the roots of the tree , providing sustenance , life , immortality , the immortal soul of willow .
the bones now lay quiet and resting , beneath the new willow , held precious in the roots of the tree , providing sustenance , life , immortality , the immortal soul of willow .
willow had grown strong and tall , her sister , her tree , embracing the bones .
melissa had died and now she was alone - with willow .
but they had talked of it often - she and melissa and willow - and she knew exactly what to do .
again and again she had called upon the friends of willow and they had pleaded to ahriman , but to no avail , and cassandra became unsure , doubting the alliance with the prince of darkness , but melissa had been certain .
the meeting of the friends of the willow - it was tonight .
she would sneak out for the meeting at willow towers , thinking he was asleep , and he would follow her and ... ` ` come to bed . ''
in the room , behind her , gathered the friends of willow , standing solemn amid the rising and luminescent mists of ahriman .
cassandra moved among them and they parted and she went to the door and out , and the giant willow rose and the congregation followed and fell to their knees before the tree , and one by one , each was caressed by its fingers , gently , as the moon rose ochre in a darkened sky , and the glowing shapes hovered above the prostrate figures , and the humming and singing began .
that the soul of willow may arise and rejoice , complete and whole , union and life .
and they rose without another word and followed cassandra , for they would go to the place of genesis , to the ground which first held the tender body of willow , to the site of first alliance with the prince of darkness , and there they would appeal to ahriman and he would take the unborn child from a willing womb and together they would carry the infant to willow , to lay the child among the roots of the tree and invoke the power of the lord of the night to raise the sister of cassandra from the cold ground , complete and whole , and they would all rejoice in the union .
* * * bryan could n't remember how he had come , what streets he had taken , what stop lights had been red , but now he was parked at the road in front of willow towers .
he stared at the sign : friends of willow .
he kicked and fell backward into the tangle of ... of willow roots spinning up , coils , black and serpentine , and he pushed with his legs and skidded across willow walk onto the wet grass and the coils followed , scraping against the gravel .
he kicked and fell backward into the tangle of ... of willow roots spinning up , coils , black and serpentine , and he pushed with his legs and skidded across willow walk onto the wet grass and the coils followed , scraping against the gravel .
something ... uh , willow towers - friends of the willow ... '' ` ` slowly .
something ... uh , willow towers - friends of the willow ... '' ` ` slowly .
now must they lay the child before the tree , before willow , before ahriman ... and they all followed , to dune , to the arms of the prince , that a sister may rise and be united , be made one with cassandra .
who were the friends of the willow - or was it friends of willow ?
who were the friends of the willow - or was it friends of willow ?
she was found in the parking lot at the old willow towers apartment building .
finally he wrote : friends of the willow friends of willow was willow a tree - or a person ?
finally he wrote : friends of the willow friends of willow was willow a tree - or a person ?
friends of the willow - evil society - under cassandra 's spell yes , there it was .
and two sets of bones under the willow tree .
here was another piece : the house was torn down and willow towers was built on the site .
of course he disappeared - beneath an old willow tree !
one was the baby that melissa had killed , buried under the willow .
she is certainly not the leader of the friends of the willow .
bryan stared at the top of the page where he had written : friends of the willow friends of willow is willow a tree or a person ?
bryan stared at the top of the page where he had written : friends of the willow friends of willow is willow a tree or a person ?
willow is both a tree and a person .
willow is the tree .
friends of the willow - friends of the tree .
friends of willow - friends of the baby - buried beneath the tree .
chapter 27 the bones of willow it was noon when bryan finished reading the book and the shafts of light ran brightly across the room and up the far wall .
were the bones found beneath the old willow tree those of an unborn child ?
were the friends of the willow looking for unborn children ?
the evil manifests itself in the willow , in whose roots t1 was buried .
t2 establishes the friends of willow - willow is her twin , t1 .
t2 establishes the friends of willow - willow is her twin , t1 .
unborn children are sacrificed , to the willow , to ahriman , to the prince of darkness .
was that why liz was on the table , that night when he had peered into the darkness through the window at willow towers ?
were the friends of willow gathered there , to sacrifice her baby , unborn , helpless ?
he had found the key to the willow towers building in an old pair of trousers even though it was rarely needed : the front door lock never worked .
in fact he would use it to start a fire in willow towers .
he 'd get them all - all the friends of willow .
the friends of willow ?
were n't the willow tree deaths caused by the willow tree itself ?
were n't the willow tree deaths caused by the willow tree itself ?
maybe he should concentrate on the willow tree - kill it .
just some roots were left , by willow walk .
theorem : all friends of willow will be restored to normalcy if ? ? ?
the willow ?
there was a diagram with boxes labelled bones and soul and willow andtree parts .
he had his theorem : theorem : all friends of willow will be restored to normalcy if the bones are destroyed .
that would destroy the tree - the willow - willow , the twin t1 and all the parts , the chairs , the baskets .
that would destroy the tree - the willow - willow , the twin t1 and all the parts , the chairs , the baskets .
sam had seen her , met her , joined her , coerced into the secret cult , the friends of willow .
chapter 28 dune willow bryan must tell somebody , talk to somebody .
that was a sign of membership in the friends of willow - was n't it ?
the first twin was killed and buried beneath a willow tree .
the willow became evil , absorbing the evil from the unborn sister .
the friends of willow collect the baskets and the chairs - store them in the basement of willow towers . ''
the friends of willow collect the baskets and the chairs - store them in the basement of willow towers . ''
i will destroy the bones of the child buried under the old willow tree . ''
inspector jaffre had taken them - from the site of the new apartment building , willow towers , when the old willow tree was removed .
inspector jaffre had taken them - from the site of the new apartment building , willow towers , when the old willow tree was removed .
maybe the bones were back in the ground again , embedded among the roots of the willow at willow towers .
maybe the bones were back in the ground again , embedded among the roots of the willow at willow towers .
the willow was n't dead - the willow at the old apartment building .
the willow was n't dead - the willow at the old apartment building .
she would want to stay with the willow - willow - her sister .
she would want to stay with the willow - willow - her sister .
was cassandra living at willow towers ?
they had gone to see a willow tree on ... on dune road !
someone had told them about the willow - and they had gone to see it .
he knew - somehow he knew that the willow on dune road was evil .
they would be buried under that willow , he was sure of that .
that meant he had to first destroy the willow , else how could he get the bones out ?
the willow was evil and would try to stop him .
a willow tree trying to stop him from digging out some old bones ?
chapter 29 dune road cassandra stood in the space under the willow and stared at the newly opened ground about the base of the tree .
now we wait - for willow . ''
surely it would survive as long as was required to cut down the willow tree .
at the side was the tree - a willow tree which towered over the house , its branches still and motionless in the afternoon sun .
even the willow was still .
it was hidden by the willow tree , and too far away to see the plates .
would that make him seem like a friend of willow ?
he had seen liz use it the night they had first seen the dune willow tree , and he knew exactly where it was .
together - willow and i - we took the baby .
` ` your twin sister ... buried under the willow ... killed , murdered by your mother ... '' ` ` no ! ''
her soul - my soul - given to the willow , still warm with a blood we shared , a soul we shared ! ''
soon my sister will be with us , born again , free again , rising from the ground beneath the willow .
give to me the soul of willow !
the willow tree towered above him with branches waving and agitated and he fell backward onto the damp ground .
it spun about his waist and lifted him from the ground , higher and higher , and he was passed to a second branch , then to another , up the tree , from branch to branch , his hands bound so tightly by coils that he could n't move them , his body held so tightly he could hardly breath , and he was passed through the inner darkness of the willow , a hollow core of blackness , then suddenly out into the light , bright , blinding , at the top of the tree .
the newspaper must be full of reports of premature births - mothers who had mysteriously lost their children - abortions - unborn babies stolen by the friends of willow .
` ` you seek the rebirth of your sister from the bowels of the willow .
i mean , he was killed - by the friends of willow . ''
i 'll tell you about the friends of willow , or friends of the willow if you like . ''
i 'll tell you about the friends of willow , or friends of the willow if you like . ''
that 's willow towers .
i went to see him at the nursing home , but he did n't make a lot of sense - kept talking about the willow tree . ''
he had willow woggles the nurse said and that 's when - '' ` ` willow woggles ?
they both talked about the willow tree .
but melissa kumar talked about the willow tree .
` ` the willow tree that used to stand by the bourden ... uh , the kumar house , before it was torn down to build the apartment building .
he was taken in by the friends of willow .
i sold her willow towers for a song .
there 's a house with a big willow tree .
oh , sorry , i meant willow towers .
there was a willow tree there , before that apartment was built .
but the willow on dune road , that 's evil too .
you mentioned the friends of the willow and i guess that 's who it was .
dark as sin with all the heavy drapes , boxes of wicker stuff in the basement , the damn willow tree banging on the wall .
the only movement was that damned willow tree which was swishing back and forth even though there was n't any wind .
she 's the leader of some weird cult and they feed these babies to a tree - a willow tree .
old man jaffre died recently but insisted to his dying day that the willow tree was responsible for the deaths at willow towers and - '' ` ` willow towers ? ''
old man jaffre died recently but insisted to his dying day that the willow tree was responsible for the deaths at willow towers and - '' ` ` willow towers ? ''
you mean the new year 's eve deaths were caused by that bloody old willow tree ?
the twin was buried under a willow tree and the tree inherited the soul of the twin - an evil soul which had not been baptized and cleansed of original sin .
the new year 's eve party at willow towers ?
those deaths were caused by wicker chairs made from the willow .
come right out from under the willow tree .
she 's got this club , the friends of willow , and they 're all hypnotized or something - under her spell .
the members of this club collect the babies and i think they also collect parts of the willow .
wicker baskets and wicker chairs , made from the remains of the tree at willow towers . ''
my wife was coerced into being a friend of willow .
friends of the willow eh ?
` ` it 's just that there was a willow tree ... you know ... when the old bourden house was torn down .
the willow was torn down too - i guess you did that mr .
well , the murders continued and now there 's another willow tree .
it 's got a bloody big willow tree growin ' right beside it .
nobody wanted to live in willow towers after that .
there was a full moon and they could see the house rising darkly against the moonlit sky , dominated by the giant willow tree .
the willow tree was silhouetted against the bright moonlit sky .
the branches of the willow were raised like a great umbrella , shaking against the sky .
cassandra turned slowly , her eyes blood - red and flaming , staring out from under the willow tree , staring across the road at michael colby .
the branches of the great willow drew about her .
` ` so , my willow , '' she said , ` ` you did this thing . ''
and it shall be offered up to ahriman by willow ! ''
` ` willow shall have you ! ''
together they walked to the door , and out , and the giant willow rose like an octopus , its branches black and twisted against the moon .
` ` my willow , my sister , help me . ''
cassandra shrieked , but he turned and flung himself into the opening beneath the shivering willow .
the willow began to shake violently , uncertainly , the quivering branches dropping parched and shrivelled leaves .
willow began to move , slowly at first , then black and hairy tendrils fell from everywhere , across his back , then twisted branches coiling , spinning , descending .
` ` my willow ! ''
he stared at the body of the witch , at the fragments of bone , at the silent and shrivelled branches of the giant willow .
then bill hendricks looked up at the dormant willow hanging silent , and shook his head .
` ` the willow , '' he said .
` ` i think the willow tree kept her young , '' said liz .
` ` she grew old as soon as the willow died .
she had been holding back old age for so long - it just came all at once - coinciding with the death of the willow . ''
` ` or the soul of the willow , '' said sam jaffre .
` ` well , '' said bryan , ` ` i suspect that cassandra not only had people helping her - friends of willow - she also had some help from the prince of darkness , ahrimash - or whatever her name was . ''
` ` no problem , not like a certain willow towers . ''
` ` brubacher owned willow towers - it is n't called that anymore , of course - but anyway , some of the guys from the station went there to look around , search for her belongings , that sort of thing .
guess that 's the end of the willow tree . ''
` ` enough about the willow and the witch .
channie cringed and said , sorry , then set her willow basket on the pine bench under the front window .
they do nt call it a weeping willow for nothing .
you know , whipped with a willow switch ?
when they got back , channie gave josh her willow basket and sent him to the hen house to collect eggs while she skinned and cleaned the rabbit on the butcher block behind the cabin .
she woke up in momma and daddys bed with a cool , damp rag on her forehead that smelled faintly of willow barkand a throbbing skull .
the scent of willow bark was much stronger now .
passing by the eighteen willow trees , standing nine to a side like an honor guard , most succumb to the temptation to read in hushed voices the bronze plaques embedded atop three - foot concrete pedestals commemorating those who fell defending the building - eleven teachers , three administrative and three food services staff , and schonefield p.d .
i look out the window at the wind and rain twisting the old willow tree out back .
lookin for the way to willows .
donno willows .
wan na stop and send a telly - graph at willow glen .
at the little railroad siding halfway between bear and vinegar creek with the big snowy mountains glistening white with the first snow of the season stood stark and harsh in the background , marshal jasper walked the horses into willow glen with his prisoner and sent a telegraph he d captured one of the men he wanted .
no jail existed in willow glen a mere train stop and water tower with a saloon , several boarded businesses , and a house with a picket fence at the far end so marshal jasper would have to use the facility in halfbreed .
he helped edgar mount the horse , leapt aboard his own , and spat a long dark stream into the yellow dusty road of willow glen .
her black hair swept down from her scalp like the lank branches of a weeping willow .
every so often pip looked behind him to check that they were now well and truly invisible to the rest of mankind , marked only by the occasional roar of a passing vehicle on the road below and in the distance of the sound of leather on willow from the cricket .
especially around willow , who was sure to blame her brother in law for any money problems her sister might face .
with her hair down , her black tunic over a long , ruffled black skirt , and the amulet around her neck , willow looked like shed escaped from a coven .
such a shame about his disability and all , said erma , who sounded hopeful for some disability details , which willow seemed unwilling to elaborate on .
willow had consulted the stars and read her tea leaves , but had nt yet found any answers to her problem .
unless willow found a way to stop him .
but before she could hurry away , jills sister , willow floated up to the group in her flowing , hippy garb with an intense look on her pale face .
for an allegedly peaceful person , willow sure looked ready to pick a fight .
you re always talking about how the creator endows each of us , animal and human , with particular gifts it was at this point that willow made a sound that myrtle thought at first had come from some kind of smoke detector or burglar alarm .
she launched at willow with a hissing sound and myrtle watched in horror as the two started physically scrapping .
were running a little bit behind , this with a reproving look at the careless erma , who seemed completely unaware that she was being reproached , so well probably spend just thirty minutes at willows .
the road curved to follow the line of the lake so myrtle could nt see the houses on the other side of the bend , including willows , sherrys , and jills .
it was clear when they walked in that willow had been expecting them .
i know willow is really new - agey and everything , but not to be hostessing your own party is really too much .
miles was about to answer her back when willow finally drifted into the room , carrying yet another feline .
myrtle was sure that if she ventured into willows bedroom , that she would find an entire closet full of flowing , hippyesque garments .
the phone rang and willow picked up a cordless receiver .
tippy opened her mouth again but willow had already slipped out of the door .
clearly , willows careful regard for her health extended to abstaining from alcohol .
now tippy , i m not going to fall and break my neck in willows kitchen , i promise you .
she leaned on her cane and thumped off to willows kitchen .
where myrtle had red - checkered curtains , willow had dark linen .
where myrtle had natural light , willow relied on lava lamps .
and where myrtle had candles for those rare candlelight suppers , willow had incense .
at least , thought myrtle , willow seemed to share myrtles affinity for roosters in the kitchen .
at least the food looked decent , even if willow had flaked out .
the intoxication of many of willows guests was likely to blame .
he did nt want the stains to set and he did nt spend much time on stain removal before he came to willows .
right after her big fight with willow .
there had nt been much to report , after alljill had been at miles house , talked to a few of the guests , waited for the restroom , made a phone call , fought with willow , and gone home to check on the food .
like willow .
myrtle also saw willow there .
and willow looked taken aback when she saw her .
willow , said myrtle , leaning on her cane , i am so sorry about poor jill .
willow swayed on her feet and myrtle wondered if she were going to faintor throw up .
she watched willows pale face and red eyes and said , are you here to visit cullen then ?
anger flashed briefly in willows eyes .
she bet erma did call willow this morning .
willow gave a strangled sob and myrtle awkwardly patted her arm .
fortunately , willow got distracted by the bags myrtle was still clutching .
asked willow with more interest than shed shown in the rest of the conversation .
animals seemed to be the one topic that made willow animated .
and a bowl full of water , willow called after her as myrtle hustled away .
then i saw willow and she looked terrible well , her sister was murdered , said miles .
and it sounds like willow was there .
but i did spend some time talking to sherry at your house and at willows .
but i could nt find her until right before it was time to leave willows house to head over to jills .
sherry could have slipped out , hustled the short distance to jills house , killed jill , and come back to willows to join our group before making the next stop .
now myrtle saw willow , listlessly pecking at a keyboard .
a movement caught the corner of myrtles eye and she saw that willow stood right beside her .
myrtle still could nt believe the change in willow .
sloan widened his eyes dramatically at myrtle in sort of a get - a - load - of - willow look before turning to willow and saying with forced jocularity , got that horoscope done ?
but by the time shed made it out onto the sidewalk , willow had already gotten into her car and was driving away .
maybe willow does nt want to talk to you .
and tiny helped break up that fight between jill and willow .
finally someone in ermas group caught a glimpse of willows usually - pale face now blotched with red at the mention of jills blood .
i offered to pick up willow and take her to the united methodist women luncheon tomorrow .
if cullen had been the victim , then maybe shed suspect willow more .
like willow , who d successfully eluded her last attempt at questioning her .
willow had espoused many different ideas on religion in myrtles presence before and seemed to have formed an amalgam of different ones she liked from buddhism , hinduism , taoism , and christianity .
if you re talking about sherry , blanche , and willow , yes , i m hoping they ll be there .
tippy and sherry were talking to each other near the buffet line and willow stood morosely nearby .
elaine leaned in to whisper , i saw tippy picking willow up earlier .
i guess willow is her new cause .
they were at a table with a couple of church ladies myrtle did nt know , as well as tippy chambers and maisy perry , willows predecessor for the horoscope .
myrtle still had hope that blanche or willow would come over to talk .
myrtle poked her broccoli and rice and looked over at blanche , sherry , and willows table , while maisy explained why shed needed a break from the bradley bugle and the grueling life of horoscope manufacturing .
maisy was wondering what you thought of willows horoscopes , myrtle .
i wanted to let you know that i heard from the checkout lady at the grocery store that willow and jill had a huge argument in the store right before jill was murdered .
besides , willow had taken over writing the horoscopes for a whole week before maisy was poisoned .
maybe willow was trying to straighten her out .
well , we all know that willow was mad at jill for not leaving cullen .
besides , willow hated the way that cullen treated kojak , his dog .
cullen was just being spiteful because he did nt like willows meddling .
her sister , willow , was furious that jill put up with cullen in the first place .
so blanche , georgia , sherry , simon , cullen , and willow had issues with jill caulfield .
willow sat down in myrtles high - backed armchair and managed to look pleased with herself as well as ill at ease .
or maybe it was just all that fiber willow ate that made her look uncomfortable .
there was something about willow that she needed to remember .
willow , fortunately , had nt seemed to notice that she was the focus of myrtles frowning perusal .
willow was unaware of myrtles horror .
myrtle realized that willow would , of course , have brought her own food to jills house .
andthose tie dyed oven mitts that willow was holding looked exactly like what she should have had in her kitchen .
yes , willow knew she was an insomniac .
myrtle spun around and saw willows face just inches from her own .
chapter thirteen myrtle reached behind her for something , anything , as willow gripped her shoulders and shook her back and forth in anger .
nosy busybody , willow said .
with one , desperate gesture , myrtle pushed the container of vegetable casserole in willows face .
shed just reached the door when willows hand jerked back on her shoulder and myrtle stumbled backwards , just as red pushed through myrtles front door .
with a wild cry , willow launched herself at red .
red strong - armed willows hands behind her back and struggled to put the cuffs on as willow twisted violently from side to side .
red strong - armed willows hands behind her back and struggled to put the cuffs on as willow twisted violently from side to side .
but clearly i should have locked the door back right after willow left .
myrtle watched through the window as red talked on his phone and willow sat in the back of the police car .
i solved the case while willow was there .
i do nt know if you need any additional charges against willow , but i think this is the third time she s tried to kill me .
i m pretty sure that its poisoned , judging from willows reaction when some of it got in her mouth .
and myrtle pulled on the collar of her robe to show the angry marks around her neck where willow had squeezed her hands .
erma sherman was blabbing about how i was about to solve the case and willow was right there .
well , i had all the pieces in front of me , but i did nt put it together until willow came over .
she remembered willows strangely piercing eyes .
either way , willow heard a fight .
and willow must have been horrified at her mistake .
i d better runi need to go get willow processed through the system .
red just ran across the street and then walked back across with willow to put her in the car .
there are probably just a couple of people over there collecting evidence to use against willow .
myrtles heart lurched when she heard willows voice .
i know its a little bit of an imposition , especially considering last night , continued willow shyly , but i know how great you ve been with your cat .
and myrtle was curious to see the dog that had helped spur willows hatred of cullen .
i did nt know you were friends with willow .
we could squeeze out a special edition of the paper before everyone hears the news about willow .
and i do nt think that someone was willowthe crime scene looked too recent for willow to have done it .
and willow did nt do it , we know .
oh , willow pearce tried to kill me .
sorry to crush your enthusiasm , elaine , but i do nt think i want to attend a bunch of meetings with rabid animal lovers like willow .
i know it must have been hurtful to your family to read about willow and jill .
i d never have thought that willow would have killed her own sister .
except that willow had already been arrested for jills murder and confessed to having done it .
but i had no way of knowing that willow was going to be discovered the same night i killed cullen .
i d have thought you d have learned your lesson after willow .
i had no idea that willow was a murderer until later in her visit , red , as you well know .
but willow had called me the morning after shed tried to kill me .
but willow was adamant that kojak hated simon .
its going to be the perfect follow - up to the story i wrote about willow .
she wove in and out of the clumps of willow carefully , picking up the pace as she reached the higher and drier portions of the river - bank .
slanting sunbeams slashed through the canopy in places lighting the chrome yellow tracery and casting long shadows among the tangle of vines and shrubby willows .
what year would that have been and would that have been the one on willow creek ?
what are the pussy willows for ?
the sun was setting behind the tall willow trees .
her research into geisha life revealed that the flower and willow world stood apart from japanese society and was completely dominated by women .
hollyhocks in full pink and burgundy bloom towered behind her and a graceful weeping willow draped its slim branches over a pond on the northwest corner of the lot .
its willow , and come in .
she followed willow into the living room and looked out to the lanai where the pool shimmered invitingly .
even when willow told you she was hoping to get in you never let it slip that you were there for the same reason .
consider it your application process , willow said finally .
zeke looked at willow and grinned .
she wished willow would finish her nachos so they could leave .
it had been fun getting sprayed with the new taylor swift scent but then she had seen willow trying on scarves .
the sales woman pulled several from under the counter when willow set her pink coach bag on the glass .
but when nicole had asked for help further down the counter , julie watched in stunned silence as willow slipped two of the scarves from the pile into her purse .
oh no , nicole rolled her eyes and willow sat a little straighter but sherry plopped down in the empty chair .
and , willow prompted .
obviously not from around here , nicole said dryly and exchanged a look with willow .
its not a very good picture , willow said as she stared at the photo .
and if her new guy is as old as she says , he has jail bate , willow stated .
she selected a pair by givenchy and was admiring them in the mirror when nicole and willow called the woman to the opposite end of the counter .
she made her way up to the front where marques was now talking with willow .
she looked at willow in surprise .
okay , lets get going , marques turned back to willow .
ill go with them , sherry piped in , ignoring willows startled look .
trying to convince herself that was the case , julie took the fliers and stapler zeke handed her and left to follow willow .
zeke asked willow in a whisper loud enough to be heard .
nicole and her stuck up friend willow had seen to that .
* * * julie finch sat in the guidance office with nicole , willow , and several other girls from mr . fairbankss history class .
two of the other girls were silently crying but nicole and willow sat dry - eyed and looking bored .
again julie looked at nicole but she just heaved a bored sigh then grinned at willow .
nicole and willow ducked into the girls room but julie ignored their signal and went straight back to class .
yeah , sherry the slut , willow snickered softly and two other girls giggled .
and this years has to outdo the last , willow said .
and why had nt nicole or willow said anything to the detective when she asked about sherrys boyfriend ?
marques , the day i met sherry at the mall , i was with nicole and willow .
and nicole and willow heard this ?
ah , willow , those pictures are beyond amazing .
i do nt know willow frowned .
his name is julian beever , willow said .
who is still just drawing on sidewalks , nicole said giving willows shoulders a squeeze .
this , she pointed to the rough sketch willow held , this will go down in quill history and well all be famous .
she started to reach out and touch the work , but willow slapped her hand back .
zeke started to answer but willow cut him off .
you try that and you ll smack your hand on the table top , willow said smugly .
when julie was gone , zeke looked at willow .
then i d better get back to work , willow said with a smile .
i mean its a cute touch but it helps give the work depth , willow replied .
that s the part that fools your eye , willow said .
but do nt forget that it only works from one direction , willow cautioned .
no , willow said quickly .
nicole is far enough down that rutted access road that no one could see her car and willow and her crew are further up ahead .
when they finally reached the edge of the woods , they climbed awkwardly up the slight incline , quickly unfolded the vinyl and stretched it across the lane making sure to have it facing the oncoming cars as willow had instructed .
good grief , willow , nicole tried to scold , but laughed instead .
deciding it was probably mrs . webster calling to give her the news about the artist scholarship , willow took another minute to fix her hair .
you ca nt do this to me , willow tried for indignant but it came out squeaky .
i want to call my parents , willow started to cry .
* * * kate let willow sit in the interview room and watched the teen through the two way glass window .
kate opened the door and sat at the table across from willow .
i do nt understand , willow said quietly .
mrs . webster is very kind , willow responded .
mitch opened the door and propped the rolled up vinyl against the corner and set willows purse on the table beside kate .
well , willow sat straighter and tried to look like she was concentrating .
as close as i can remember , willow beamed .
well , willow leaned forward on her chair .
in fact , willows smile brightened , a friend of mine , zeke olman , was there the afternoon she came in and was asking all the questions .
smiling , willow started to reach for her purse .
you ca nt take that , that s my property , willow said sharply .
you get zeke olman and nicole atwood , willow said .
that s what i said , willow folded her arms across her chest .
you ca nt expect me to just sit here while you go off and try to do your job , willow said indignantly .
while i m doing that and verifying where julie was last night , why do nt you go and pick up zeke and nicole , the friends that willow believes will support her story .
oh , i think that after we know julie was nt involved , well have willows parents join us in interview and watch a little video .
satisfied shed just poked the first hole in willows story , kate went to get the girls parents from the waiting area .
when kate and willows parents were all back in the interview room with willow , mr . hartman was the first to speak .
when kate and willows parents were all back in the interview room with willow , mr . hartman was the first to speak .
kate watched the smile grow on willows face .
but as your attorney will tell you we did nt need your permission to bring willow in for questioning .
i want my cell phone back , willow demanded .
as you know willow is quite an artist .
if my daughter says that she knows who took her project why is nt that person in here instead of willow ?
but other than the fact that willow has admitted to drawing this piece , i really do nt see how she s involved .
and it turns out that willow and her friends picked the wrong person to try and blame this on .
according to the times that willow gave me as to when her project was taken , the person she s accusing could nt have taken it .
why do nt we just clear this up , kate said taking willows phone from the evidence bag .
so , willow , is there something you d like to tell us ?
but our little willow decides not to work on a sidewalk .
then i took a chance that willow might have recorded what they did and jackpot !
so once willow admitted in front of her parents that she was not only the artist but also participated in the staging to purposely cause an accident , she sang like a canary .
the two lane highway snaked through lush growth of palmetto and swamp willow .
the breeze from the river cooled its way through the streamside willows and cottonwoods to us in the backyard .
the sky was deepening into apricot hues as we walked home , and we could hear the willows down by the river rustling in the slight breeze .
two mallards , their iridescent emerald necks flashing in the sun , bobbed with a dark merganser on the edge of an eddy under a low hanging , ragged limbed willow .
wild plum and shrub willows grew so densely that many times i could only hear the water from the path beside it , rather than see it .
turning east on nm 309 , i drove through the tunnel of cottonwoods and willows along the river before namb , so lush and green in contrast to the desolate landscape of muted browns , grays , tans , and chalky white that surrounded it .
there was snow on longs and meeker , and winter was nt far from descending down to the plains , already in a palette of brown , with the cottonwoods in the arroyos barren of leaves and the upright branches of shrub willows bunched in yellow - orange blocks .
i took a right at west lake avenue , and then a right onto willow drive .
then again , maybe i could ask my mothers cousin , myrtle , and her daughter , willow , to help us .
myrtle and willow had arrived .
mozzie was restless , missing his mistress , so willow took the dog out of his crate and checked his wounds , to make sure the ointment was doing its job .
willow stopped by to check on mozzie , so i asked her to join us for dinner and to bring myrtle .
my mother was already out in the garden with lacey and willow , the pitcher of ice tea on the table with their glasses filled .
while kenny fired up the gas grill , willow brought out her bean dip , salsa , and tortilla chips , and i grabbed the drink orders , which bur filled in the butlers pantry .
that s one way to look at the googins dynasty , willow laughed .
what a ... . talk about looks that can kill , said willow .
the main stretches of the wall were the traditional combination of wattle and daub woven willow sticks coated over in a whitish , hardened goo of mud , clay , and horsehair .
a monstrous willow tree leaned over the sidewalk dangling its leaves onto my car .
inside , susan reached into a box and pulled out a blue willow pattern plate .
she pointed to the birds above a blue willow tree .
rose held up a blue patterned mug , reminding gia of mary newlyns willow pattern plates .
its set between two willow trees alongside the river .
weez bury the ones we do nt take a liking to out back neath the willows .
according to what mark wrote down on the map , kip mused , after we locate the x sign on the main road , well be looking for a boulder between two willow trees somewhere down that trail .
mark told me the bunkers located behind a big rock set between two willow trees , kip said to the beagle .
they continued onward along the pathway for another fifteen minutes , stopping occasionally to monitor the area behind them , and also to search for the two willow trees that supposedly marked the bunkers secret entrance .
two willow trees were positioned on a low ridge in the rivers bend , and just behind them , kip saw a boulder marking the bunkers entrance .
kip and the beagle angled down the sloping ground and crossed beneath the willow trees bowed branches .
the beagle inched onward until converging upon the beaver closest to the willow trees .
if nothing else , the lull gave bruce a chance to settle under the willow trees for a much - earned breather .
he remained somewhat skeptical about the possibility that a bunker even existed , until a boulder between the willows began to vibrate and reconfigure .
its front wheels sank into the mud about forty yards from the willow trees .
but the bunker is right up ahead , between those two willow trees .
mason maneuvered within twenty paces of the willow trees .
i swayed , as capricious as a willow in a springtime gust , and finally i had to put my left foot down .
i was the willow in the wind .
summer had gathered the willow branches from the verde river bed and dug the fire pit herself years ago .
he would plant a new copse of trees , he said , and that would be in the dead man 's honour ; every time they coppiced the willow , they would think of benni aas .
most of the shore was a line of trees and rocks , with willow bush and half - sunken logs at the water line , and pines behind .
i scrambled through the arrowhead plants , through the willow underbrush , over some slippery smooth rocks , and into the pines at the shore .
there are the tumbled trunks of old willows where the tornado came through a few years ago .
not a half second view of the old willows .
chapter 5 sir gary leaned against the weeping willow while a half - dozen bobbies scuttled about .
the detective stared at the willow , tempting sir gary to reveal himself , but discretion won .
in between , we forgot about the willow switches our parents cut .
back then , our parents believed more in willow switches than time - outs .
grady whittens home address was 1436 willow pond rd .
jack took a cab to 1300 willow pond .
the willow tree tea room proved to be delightful .
there were two tearooms , the singing canary and the willow tree tea room .
the singing canary would be open from 2 pm , but the willow tree was closed all day on sundays .
claire had shown hildas photograph , now enhanced with grey rather than brown hair , to the waitress in the willow tree tea rooms .
not too large , certainly not by the standards of the neighborhood which showcased the biggest and the best in atlanta homes , the newberry homestead was covered in a tangle of magnolias , weeping willows and oak trees that gave the mansion a feeling of intrigue , even masquerade .
kenneth graham , the wind in the willows , ch.10 the mood in the faculty lounge was one of bewilderment and incredulity .
behind and below , along the riverbank , a soft whisper arose from the wind in the willows .
what plots and subterfuges might toad and his cronies , rat and badger , have concocted at secret midnight assignations by the willow trees ?
the figure had been obscured by the willow branches but although dimly perceived in the early morning sunshine , it seemed in retrospect to be somewhat familiar .
from her vantage - point she could see the sweep of the river down the hill and the fringe of willow - scrub and trees , but the official residence of the principal was just out of sight around the bend .
wind was bending and swirling the willow branches and sailing occasional clouds through a dappled blue sky .
as her thoughts and her cycle wove between the willows of the river bank two images repeatedly flashed across her mind -- two dead toads floating in a pool -- and a fisherman , his line glinting in the late copper - glow of evening .
the machine flew ahead past the gateway , the engine whined loudly amid the noise of cracking branches as the cycle mowed through the willow shrubs , followed by a loud splash and silence .
he never quite understood how it happened that afternoon , but he found himself sitting on a rug on the grass under a willow tree , behind the block of flats where she lived .
look , if i did what you accuse me of , left my home to meet jenny in the park , i would have gone by lincoln street and over olmstead , not out of my way on willow and past the convenience store .
the floor manager drawled , were rolling , and cued the choir : my savior appeared at the river , in the shade of an old willow tree - e - e , and i looked on the face of the lord of the race , my savior who suffered for me !
the river gade still winds its picturesque course , flanked by bulrushes and willow trees ; and herons , mallards and moorhens wade in its clear , shallow waters .
i can tell a willow by its catkins and a birch by its silver bark , but that is about my limit .
then you would nt remember the willow springs restaurant , would you ?
anyway , harrison and i owned the willow springs for many years , and harrison was the manager ; all those people whose picture you see in the hallway were in our restaurant for dinner .
but i like the way it looks there , it reminds me of willow springs .
and twice as expensive , shipped in from the red sea and ground at noon in a mortar bowl of willow heartwood .
birch and willow trees were leaning , weeping , and bowing to the estate , protectively concealing its residence .
i knew willow run was the nearest town , the only town for many miles .
over the breast pocket of the shirt was stitched willow run police department .
these closed stores also suggested that the population figure on the willow run welcoming sign was probably wrong .
it read willow run administration center .
when did you arrive in willow run ?
at the willow run inn on route 287 .
this is willow run , montana .
and this was willow run , montana .
but i ended up talking to deputy powell in willow run .
did a ranger defer to the willow run cops ?
the possibility of something bigger right here in willow run kept my juices flowing .
had my misadventure on the trail yesterday raised the willow run alert level to orange ?
i guessed that my reputation preceded me and had spooked the citizens of willow run .
if ignorance is bliss , then he must be the happiest man in willow run .
are you visiting our town of willow run ?
the rumor mill in willow run was alive and well .
he knows willow run and probably could tell me far more than i would learn simply by searching at the library .
so perhaps there was an opportunity , if the populace of willow run had not already decided i was an imbecile for my exploits on monarch trail .
at the library , i had searched for hispanics in willow run , a search that had produced only four hits .
the front - page headline read , illegal immigrant stirs up trouble in willow run by joseph custer .
two willow run residents , in separate incidents , each fought off the same would - be car thief from stealing their vehicles .
the unidentified man was not in the willow run jail cell for long .
so an exciting day in willow run and an interesting find for me .
and the volunteer fire department from willow run .
chapter 15 driving south past the motel , i noticed deputy powell parked at the intersection of the road leading into willow run .
the willow run volunteer fire department joined in the fight around 11 pm .
debates about the need to increase funding for fire prevention and control in the national forest and even to have a permanent , rather than an all volunteer , fire squad in willow run ran for a few days .
it faded from the newspaper pages even in willow run , as happens with all old news , to be replaced by fresher events .
that s why the willow run police called you guys .
last year , there was another hispanic man in willow run .
finding a replacement internet connection in willow run was not going to be easy .
benjamin moore , 19 , left willow run on monday morning for a job interview in missoula on tuesday .
so they called the willow run police department to report the disappearance .
both were treated and released from the clinic in willow run .
so , mr . parker , you re writing a book about willow run ?
as we ate dinner , we talked about willow run , the sheriff growing up here , his 40 years wearing a badge , and how the economy was squeezing this small town .
i was hoping he would stay here and become the fourth generation willow run sheriff in the family .
she was working as a maid at a motel and as a clerk at a convenience store here in willow run , then just disappeared .
this was a first for me , being asked by a willow run resident about one of its own .
welcome to the willow run gossip wire .
that career path did not work for him , so he became deputy in willow run .
a search revealed only one air force base , but that was far from willow run .
bozeman is over 100 miles from willow fork , and this posting on the internet was long before the fire in the forest and the fence construction .
besides , there was probably some rule against fraternizing with the patrons , even in a small town like willow run .
but even a small town like willow run needs two lawmen .
i had not planned to share any deeper feelings , but she seemed a receptive caring audience , one in whom i could confide without fear of it all hitting the gossip wire in willow run .
would an ins agent make the run from wherever in montana , on very short notice , all the way to little willow run to pick up just one guy ?
most people in willow run had probably already heard about it .
it might be something that could put him in a bigger spot light than willow run could offer .
at this point , i was not concerned if it might differ in content from what i already told the willow run police .
i was wondering if you had any word yet from your ins guy about the hispanic who was picked up last year in willow run .
but my tussle with deputy powell and the quality time spent in the willow run jail cell had put me off my stride .
those pictures had been deleted by the willow run police .
the willow run post office was still open when i arrived , though the clerk just inserted a key into the doors lock when i rushed in .
ranger pine closed and locked the gate , jumped into his car , and sped back south toward willow run .
ins has no record of picking up anyone from willow run last fall .
in fact , they have no record of visiting willow run , ever .
but willow run is probably one of those towns with only a couple of cops and maybe only a single cell in their jail .
sooo , while there is no way an ins agent would have gone to tiny willow run on a moments notice to pick up a single illegal , your illegal might have been transferred to a county jail .
with the bad economy , there are a lot of people in need , in willow run and in other parts of the county .
and he never talked about any family outside of willow run .
but the willow run police had erased those pictures from my cell phone .
it was also clear that i would need a city larger than willow run to locate a geek crew that could do the job .
i would soon be searching those at a safe haven : the library in willow run .
chapter 32 by early afternoon , i was back in willow run .
and so was the man who was arrested while trying to steal a car in willow run .
he tried to get away and got as far as willow run before being captured .
no ins agent came to pick him up from willow run .
he turned against the people of willow run , the very ones he was sworn to protect and to serve .
i wondered who was keeping the peace back in willow run .
maybe i was no longer litter and could fit into a new life in willow run .
and jeff will find time to look for a position with the county or right here in willow run .
you have to admit , your start here in willow run has been less than stellar .
chapter 36 i went back to my motel to continue summarizing all that i had done here in willow run .
he s the deputy here in willow run .
a dirty cop in willow run .
the would - be car thief in willow run last fall was not picked up by ins .
were they originally from willow run ?
he was already basically running the show in willow run , since the sheriff had long ago retired on the job .
i m already on patrol a long way from willow run .
the days of fumbling around in willow run and the national forest had finally all come together .
but this was happening right in the backyard of willow run .
i wondered what was the connection , when and where was the point of intersection , between the awol soldiers and my suspected rogue citizens of willow run : ranger andrew pine and deputy enid powell .
and everyone knew about them because of the active gossip wire in willow run .
and unless he was completely out of the willow run gossip wire , then he knew that was a charade .
if there was any follow up to the 9 - 1 - 1 call by anyone , the responsibility would be on willow run to deal with it .
then the whole thing was ignored by the willow run police .
i did nt want to reveal my suspicions about the willow run police department , and thus why i was nt telling the sheriff .
she did not leave him , as the folks in willow run had been led to believe .
she was not from willow run originally and had not become an integral thread in the fabric of the town , so her disappearance seemed to be accepted as just another marriage falling apart .
right here in willow run .
the return address was joseph custer , and the postmark was willow run .
we went into willow run , and turned north on a gravel road , which climbed upward into the woods .
regardless , i knew i was going to stay longer in willow run , even if i was nt certain where i would reside .
discovered the conspiracy , attacked in the climax scene , adored by the grateful damsels who nursed me back to health , lived happily ever after in willow run .
you have a lot of interesting stuff on your computer about your stay in willow run .
i would gladly lie in the ground if it would bring back the dead of willow run .
revenge for the dead of willow run .
would nt she believe others , those who had been life - long neighbors and acquaintances in willow run , those accusing me of the crime ?
but where should i go in willow run ?
yes , willow run was a land mine of problems for me .
i had drawn people from willow run into my wake , and people had died .
what are these opium poppies doing in willow run ?
and while gunfire in the streets of willow run had probably not been heard for more than a century , i was certain any response from the citizens would involve every gun they could lay their hands on .
it was probably the citizens of willow run viewing the scene of the shooting on main street .
who s shooting women in willow run ?
all i needed was a simple phone to call for help outside of willow run .
in my brief time in willow run , death came in the morning to a lot of people , but it came by other means .
when i arrived in willow run , the town seemed deserted .
but in the end , i knew deep down i would regret the loss of the innocent victims from willow run .
while i had no direct sources of information on what happened in willow run last night and what was happening now in the national forest , i learned a lot just lying here in bed .
secrets are hard to keep in the small town of willow run .
the deaths of so many residents of willow run were probably unimaginable to its remaining citizens .
regardless , all of this would leave a huge hole in the heart of willow run .
yet , while they were not sons of the town of willow run , the mere fact of their deaths in the back yard of this small town would add to the wounds and the slow - healing scars that would follow .
i just saved them the effort , though i was certain the willow run residents who were battling the blaze at this very moment would offer a different opinion .
would she hate me for revealing his guilt , for killing him , and for shattering the quiet life in her beloved willow run ?
one looked like something you 'd see on a georgian plantation , all white with marble columns and enormous weeping willow trees surrounding it .
purple hydrangeas frame the three - story house , rocking chairs lined in a row on the porch , and an american flag clings against a metal pole near a weeping willow .
probably because willow strangely does .
i waited for her to get to the point since she was n't known for taking winding side trips through the willows .
that explained mac 's willow trip .
my life had never been easy , so i knew i could handle whatever waited for me at willow springs .
i was supposed to meet one of the ranch hands from willow springs in the parking lot .
i asked , hoping he answered with a yes or that willow springs was less than a minute away .
it had two tall logs on either side of the road with a rusted metal sign hanging from the top that read willow springs ranch .
chapter two jesse was persistent , and the road leading into willow springs was never - ending .
from what i knew , mom and rose did n't keep in touch all that often , but every year , we got a christmas card from willow springs ranch .
tomorrow , after you ' ve had a good night 's sleep , we can settle you into the routine here at willow springs . ''
at willow springs ranch , it could only mean cowboy boots .
` ` by the way , thank you for mentioning you 're not just a ranch hand at willow springs , but you 're the owner 's son . ''
i ' m a failure at pretty much everything - i barely graduated high school - and , for whatever reason , she chose willow springs as the place i could redeem myself and prove to her i ' m not the piece of shit failure she thinks i am . ''
` ` from the moment you stepped foot at willow springs , you ' ve proven yourself , rowen . ''
something was in the well water out at willow springs .
i still had n't met neil , rose 's husband , but if willow springs kept him as busy as rose , it was n't a big surprise i had n't bumped into jesse 's dad .
he graduated last summer from willow springs high . ''
i flashed her a smile before heading for the door with my willow springs - approved borrowed wardrobe .
i started to understand why the washing machines ran non - stop at willow springs .
apparently someone had gotten an a in willow springs english .
right up until phil jepson decided his old body could n't take another summer at willow springs .
since i had yet to explore any more of willow springs than the house , i decided to head outside for a little fresh air .
i ' m planning on staying as far away from jesse as willow springs will allow . ''
the day in and day out chores at willow springs kept me busy from dawn to dusk , but it did n't seem to matter how busy i was or looked .
quiet was n't the right word for it , but it was as quiet as willow springs ever could be .
mom was the reason i was at willow springs .
` ` it 's , like , five miles from willow springs to the fairground . ''
she's- '' ` ` helping out at willow springs , '' the girl finished as she continued to smile at me .
` ` you know , if you 're ever looking for some place to escape to , my parents ' place is n't all that far from willow springs , '' josie said .
the crickets were really chirping , and for the first time since arriving at willow springs , i found the sound soothing .
after what he 's said , i 'd dodge garth as much as willow springs would allow .
speaking of willow springs ... we pulled into the driveway .
i 'd most certainly never heard that before and doubted i ever would again outside of willow springs .
since i only took them out at bedtime and promptly replaced them after waking up , no one else at willow springs had either .
willow springs brought something out in me , almost like it was drawing out the poison inside of me and filling in the empty places with purpose .
the chill zen i 'd managed to achieve at willow springs flew out the window .
willow springs was my special place .
i 'd heard it hundreds of times , and it had rolled off my back for the most part , but there on willow springs ranch , where all my defense layers melted away , it sliced me in such a way i knew would leave a permanent scar .
i had a theory : the farther i got from willow springs , the better i could breathe again .
home ... willow springs was n't my home .
` ` i take it , since i found you curled up asleep and alone a good couple miles from willow springs , that you took my jesse warning to heart . ''
but that 's not the way it was at willow springs .
i did n't know what the end of summer would bring , or what the kids at my new school would think of me when i showed up , but at willow springs , i was rowen sterling .
instead of throwing my hair into the side french braid i lived in at willow springs , i kept it down .
chapter fourteen i pulled into willow springs a good four hours later .
everyone at willow springs had seen me in those a good dozen times .
chapter seventeen my days at willow springs were spent working , and my nights were spent with jesse in some room , or field , or barn , or ... whatever we could find .
it was eery how jesse had managed to find quite possibly the only dress in the history of dresses to blend both that punk , dark style i 'd shown up in willows springs wearing with country flair .
she gave me a reassuring smile and , just like that , i was back at willow springs .
i 'd pushed him away just a few hours ago , i 'd turned and run away from him , but he was the first thing i thought about when i considered leaving willow springs .
jesse was released the next day , and everything went back to normal at willow springs .
` ` do you think of willow springs like that ?
in terms of webster 's definition of a home , i suppose willow springs is as close to one as i ' ve ever had , '' i said with another shrug .
talking about willow springs always made me homesick .
i liked seattle and i loved studying art , but no place was like willow springs .
i 'd always been so busy doing something cattle related back at willow springs that i 'd never delved into the domestic chores on the ranch .
when he did n't leave until sunday night , he arrived back at willow springs barely in time for breakfast .
that monday , however , was somewhat easier since spring break was less than two weeks away , and i 'd get to spend a whole week at willow springs .
just thinking about willow springs made me homesick .
thanks to the unseasonably warm temperatures , calving season had started a few weeks earlier than normal which meant all of us at willow springs had to start our night watch rotation .
garth sped through willow springs 's front entrance so fast i almost missed it .
i threw open the door and set foot on willow springs soil .
i worked at willow springs .
if seattle and its vibrant art scene was an easy drive from willow springs , our problems would be solved .
` ` yeah , jesse , i know you 're the valedictorian of willow springs high , but what does that physics gem have to do with peeling out on some backwoods road ? ''
i could n't see the swimming hole , even though it was less than fifty yards in front of us because a ring of giant willow trees lined the entire shore .
once i 'd made it past the willow tree perimeter and was looking at it from the inside out , back - floating in the middle of the water , well ... it was magical .
that i knew who dolly parton was and what songs she sang gave away just how much time i 'd spent at willow springs and just how much they loved their iconic country singers .
on my first day at willow springs , a certain cowboy might have accused me of such .
josie asked as we wove through the willow trees .
josie let a curtain of willow branches fall in my face .
after being whipped , smacked , and assaulted by an army of willow branches , we broke free of the tree wall .
the willow leaves were just starting to bud and the water looked dark , almost black , without the usual rainbow of green .
of course , that would be the moment garth emerged from the willow trees , and , of course , me and my bare chest would be the first thing he 'd zero in on .
a curtain of willow branches draped into the water ... and that 's when i got an idea .
when i resurfaced after my dive beneath the willow branches , i did n't see anything nak*d or ready waiting for me .
and you ' ve got them here at willow springs . ''
i 'd been the idiot for thinking that even though willow springs was in firing - on - all - engines mode , i 'd be able to take a few days off and head to seattle .
she 'd been the only shoulder i 'd had to cry on since i could n't call anyone at willow springs and jax was still on my shit list .
that insecure , guarded girl i 'd arrived at willow springs as was just begging to be released .
so i had n't talked to anyone at willow springs in weeks .
it smelled like the laundry soap i 'd used countless times in the laundry room at willow springs .
garth continued to pat me awkwardly , but he managed to stay quiet as i soaked in a few more moments of willow springs .
` ` are you going to tell me the real reason you 're here , or am i to assume you ' ve been kicked off of willow springs and need a place to crash ? ''
i left willow springs an hour or so before dinner . ''
if there was one thing about willow springs i had n't missed , it was garth driving me nuts .
the one who 'd shown up at willow springs with black hair , dark eyes and makeup , and a vacant , almost dead expression .
` ` i ' m sorry that i left you at willow springs when i knew you needed me .
it 's the only thing i have of my life before willow springs , and i ' ve kept it with me for years not as a reminder of the life i 'd lived , but as a promise of the life i 'll never have to live again .
should you ever desire to move out of your ' friend 's ' place , or should they decide to kick you out , you know you 're welcome at willow springs , right ? ''
working at willow springs and bull riding were the only pieces of my former life that had n't changed .
josie showed up at willow springs every now and then , trying to get me to ' snap out of it , ' but she 'd been about as successful as jesse had .
` ` you know , i ' ve been working at willow springs the entire time , so i ' m getting three warm meals , three good warm meals , five to six days a week .
i need to call willow springs and check in with neil . ''
i mean , you know willow springs has a bunkhouse for a reason , right ? ''
i ' m sure you ' ve been making decent money at willow springs . ''
i put in a half day at willow springs helping neil and the guys get the herd watered and fed .
` ` i did n't ask because i assumed you were working late at willow springs .
josie had met me at the vacant gas station on the highway a few miles north of willow springs after i got off work .
a month had passed when i recognized one of willow springs 's seasonal ranch hands walking into the feed store in downtown billings .
when he laid eyes on willow , no one else stood a chance .
sadie squealed in delight and hugged marcus 's wife , willow , and then reached out to take the baby from marcus .
i had n't seen amanda since marcus and willow 's wedding .
` ` she 's gorgeous , '' willow said .
i knew marcus hardy 's wife , willow , did n't much care for me , and honestly i did n't blame her .
eva asked , walking into the kitchen with willow .
thanks , '' willow replied in a soft tone .
even in the darkness , her home owned a slight quirkiness and strength he associated with her , with its crooked roof , cheerful yellow paint , and postage - stamp yard with a big weeping willow dominating the front .
logan stopped the bike outside the gates to a long driveway lined with willow trees .
the old rope ties up high in the branches of the old giant weeping willow ; the outer branches of the tree creates its own private escape for whoever was swinging .
the other day , they told me that my wedding colors were going to be lavender , mint green , and silver ; they also informed me that we would be getting married under the weeping willow where trevor proposed . ''
leading down to the location of the old weeping willow , was a path made up of small wooden posts with ribbon wrapped around them to help guide the way of our guests .
at the tree where we would be getting married , someone had gathered the branches of the weeping willow and tied lavender and mint - green ribbons around them , creating a space in the tree so we could stand inside and people could still see us .
the words came from willow somerset , the newest junior editor of hamnet , greece 's most prestigious publishing firm .
if just one of willow 's bosses saw their junior editor right now , that was it for them , their deal possibly being nullified even before it reached acquisitions .
` ` it 's just gum , '' willow grumbled .
with a muttered curse in greek , willow tore a piece of paper from her notepad , spit out her gum , and used the piece of paper to wrap the gum up before throwing it into the waste basket .
editors were supposed to be the ones dispensing advice to their clients , but in damen and willow 's case , damen was the one constantly making sure that his young , rebellious , extremely outspoken , and proudly eccentric editor did not step out of line .
of the editors he had sent feelers to about his proposal , only willow had seriously considered his proposition .
if only , damen thought exasperatedly as he took in willow 's restless movements , she acted and spoke as well as she wrote .
with young girls like willow , it was important to let one know who the voice of authority was .
` ` i ' m too nervous , '' willow revealed reluctantly .
although willow 's family owned hamnet , she was still expected to prove her mettle .
and if she had to be honest , she would n't even have gotten this far if the ex - billionaire had not forced willow to listen to his advice .
deciding to change the subject before the debate - loving willow found a way to argue with him about it , damen said , ` ` this proposal means everything to both of us for different reasons . ''
behind willow , damen discreetly watched william somerset , the ceo of hamnet and also his editor 's father , come in , the door noiselessly swinging shut behind him .
keeping his gaze on willow , he prompted , ` ` the real reason , willow .
easier said than done , willow thought , but unfortunately she also knew it to be true .
although it was n't his first time to hear of willow 's initial thoughts , damen still winced .
papers shuffled , words drifted up in the air in a colorful tornado , and around it were readers - so many of them , and they all wanted to read the book because ... ` ` it 's a book about love , '' willow said softly , eyes still closed .
this book shows that greek billionaires need to be caught by the right woman because ... '' willow squeezed her eyes shut more tightly .
a second later , willow 's eyes flew open at the sound of someone slowly clapping his hands .
` ` willow has filled me in about your plan in the event that we do offer to publish your work .
damen walked forward to shake hands with willow 's father .
the offer was generous and kind , which of course made willow feel uncomfortable , pushing her to mutter ungraciously , ` ` i do n't need a trainer . ''
( note to editor : willow , i 'll be forever in your debt if you keep that line . )
damen recalled willow 's presentation .
` ` give me a really good show please , '' willow said right away , her gaze fixed on damen and appearing not to notice the sophisticated and extremely handsome man seated next to her .
it was disappointing , if damen were to be honest , because like willow , he had hoped the hearing would be explosive .
before answering willow 's call , damen told mairi , ` ` i have to take this call .
i could say this because i was an authority on this subject , as was nearly every available and not so available female in willow , colorado , our hometown .
i 'd lived in willow , thus colorado , all my life but i had never seen the fabulous places and beautiful vistas i saw with bodhi and heather .
` ` anyway , half of willow troops to grams 's and offers to help out .
by the time spring hit willow and raid first laid eyes on hanna boudreaux , weeks before he saw her at the bike shop and took his shot to follow her and ` ` run into her '' at the pet store , he did n't know what the f**k his sister was on about .
` ` hanna- '' ` ` you left willow then you came home and i went to rachelle 's once a week , twice , three times just to catch a glimpse of you .
he called me in , contracting me to find the supplier who 's been shifting drugs through willow .
he was following me down the aisle of the willow deluxe , our theater in town that , against the odds of competition from the huge cineplexes only forty - five minutes away in denver , stayed in business .
then again , the citizens of willow just liked willow .
then again , the citizens of willow just liked willow .
` ` what 's done is done and unless they read the willow chronicle , they 'll never know and do n't need to know . ''
rocked that something like this could happen in willow .
but i ' m guessing you 're sparin ' your old biddy of a grams the details about how you caught the eye of willow 's most eligible bachelor . ''
darla , our waitress , like she did every sunday when grams called for the check , scurried to do the matriarch of willow 's bidding .
apparently , the town of willow had decided they 'd given me enough time to cope , that time was up , so all and sundry called to check if i was okay after the bodhi and heather debacle .
luckily , the folks of willow were kind , so they left it at that .
unfortunately , there were a lot of residents of willow i knew since i 'd lived my whole life there , so that message did n't get relayed quickly enough before others picked up the phone and called .
i come home for a few days at christmas , but do n't reestablish life in willow after gettin ' out , he knows what went down with my unit , moyer thinks he knows his shit and runs his mouth .
` ` you 're so insulated by family , friends and willow , thank christ , you 'll never know all the seriously jacked up shit people can get up to .
my guess was that fugitives did not hang around willow ( or i hoped not ) just so he would be able to be home for dinner every night .
he asked me about my day , my business , what was going on in willow , what i had planned for the next day and he shared about his .
` ` uh ... with your , mine and the female half of willow 's citizenry avid contemplation , i do n't think it 's lost on any of us that raiden ulysses miller has got a big dick . ''
) , but i was hoping the female half of willow 's citizenry had not .
i think we both know that willow is it for us and if i wanted to waste time that at least i thought both of us had no desire to waste , i 'd get a condo in jackie 's complex or somethin ' .
i had failed to note that rachelle 's cafe looked like it had been torn off the island of nantucket and planted in willow , colorado .
he needed a man in willow at all times to keep an eye on things .
the bright green grass , fluttering insects , dripping willows and daisies dotting the lawn looked like they were seen through a filtered lens on a camera .
the drive was as smooth as butter , each side flanked by lush green grass and weeping willows .
` ` so pretty , '' annabelle murmured as she admired a vase containing bright yellow tulips intermingled with curly white willow and white shasta daisies .
he nods at a bench under a willow tree out in front of us , and i start walking that way .
through the shadows , past a few weeping willows and a beautiful pond , are two rows of cottages .
i breathe deeply as i move under massive weeping willows and between carefully manicured snap roses .
he pushed off the railing and walked toward a tall willow tree in the middle of a grassy field .
he carried me under the willow tree , its branches brushing across us like a curtain of leaves .
he tugged at my hand and motioned toward the trunk of the willow tree .
i leaned against the tree trunk , watching the willow branches dance in the balmy breeze .
i asked as we both rose to our feet , standing beneath the canopy of the willow tree .
i parked my motorcycle in the shade and waited for her beneath the weeping willow tree .
when she arrived , i stepped out from under the willow branches .
before the weather had grown cold , we had spent many evenings sitting beneath the lone willow tree that stood tall and proud in the middle of a grassy field .
the sunny , april day was moderately warm , but a cool wind oscillated the hanging branches of the willow .
it did nt take charles long to notice a small gravel road next to this house , with a homemade sign saying willow lane .
when charles approached the house on willow lane a few hours later , his stomach felt like a hundred butterflies were moving inside it .
the rain was still lashing against the windows and she could see the willow at the end of the garden , its long trailing branches blowing towards the house .
i answered , reclining on the base of a large weeping willow and continuing to read my book .
a brisk wind was blowing in from the ocean and her slender body bent into it like a willow .
over a few feet was the weeping willow i would run to every time i fought with my dad about something when i was little .
a weeping willow was tilted off the side , appearing to be protecting the place .
the price was cheap , it had a weeping willow ( my favorite tree ) , and it was fixable .
a huge weeping willow framed the window .
a man stepped out of the shadow of a large willow tree .
leading her through the garden gate , he took her in his arms under the sweeping branches of a weeping willow tree , somewhat shocked by her passionate response .
it was a willow tree .
that is a willow tree ; it means there a good water source under the back yard .
my uncle planted a willow tree at the side of his house where a small spring would erupt from the earth and flow across the yard during a heavy rain .
i love willow trees .
there was a notch in the middle for her head , a padded yoke for her shoulders , and a place for her arms to come through from underneath and grip the willow crossbraces on either side .
below the balloons were the long snouts that controlled the release of the hydrogen , the serious faces of the aeronauts , and then the willow and rattan baskets , so tightly woven that they could smash through a brick wall .
he stopped much closer in the bois de boulogne near the twin man - made lakes , where a man standing under the willows was watching yvette through binoculars .
they tended to be the willow thin wisps with waistlines as wide as one of emille 's ankles .
an army of skinny cats with patchy fur skittered away from the front door and the only redeeming fixture was an inviting porch swing made of bent willow branches and piled with cushy pillows .
my name is reagan willow .
after several awkward minutes in which i did nt acknowledge the introduction or attempt to make more conversation , mathias asked another question , where are you headed , reagan willow ?
miss reagan willow is going to be staying with us for a while .
around the base of the fire pit were branches of willow woven into what seemed to be a chain .
fanny harrumphed and walked over to the other side of the bed , blocking eugenia 's view of the old willow tree .
i booked for a willow oak nearby and hid myself beneath the low hanging branches , my back against the trunk of the tree .
she tied the stern line of the zodiac to an overhanging willow branch .
cold water seeped over the top of her boots , and she grabbed at the willow branch and fought to keep her balance .
thick willows lined the riverbank and hid everything above them .
with a flick of her hand , she freed the line from the willow branch and turned to push the boat from the tiny beach .
his attention focused on the parking lot between the lawn and the tennis courts , off to the left and bordered by a row of tall willow oaks .
he remembered an especially picturesque inlet somewhere along here , with a tall weeping willow reaching out over the water in a natural canopy .
he d begun to think he d already passed it when they glided around a fallen tree and there was the cove with the willow .
he gave one last gentle thrust to the oars , then lowered the handles down into the bottom of the boat , stood and turned and caught the lowest willow limb as they glided past .
reagan willow .
finally my father broke the silence first- not something he was known for- and asked , where are you headed , reagan willow ?
the bugs would be buzzin round the moths circling the porch light , the beetles smackin themselves into the screen door , the fireflies doing their fairy dance , like my granma use to call it , under the drooping willow tree out in the yard , and the cicadas a strumming their bows like they was getting set to play at carnage hall .
on the left , the house was framed by an ancient weeping willow bowing respectfully to its grandness .
with many florists help , they had transformed the room into a japanese garden , with a makeshift koi pond , weeping willows , cherry blossoms , and green , vibrant flowers .
rocco followed her to the pond area , where she hoped to find obscurity among the bushes and willows .
giant willow trees reached their branches down to caress the tall blades of grass .
the lawn was green and full of circular flower beds of various colors , and the giant weeping willows provided shade over the many stone paths that ran around the house .
the moonlight lit up the willows .
she could almost see the past , darting in and out of the moonlit willows .
chapter 2 willow , says a low voice .
hi , willow , she says .
sorry , willow , he says , almost as if he regrets it , but you already are .
sounds like my parts a load of shit willow .
but , willow , you re not leaving until you break that curse .
just try something specific , willow i am !
give thanks to the elements , kind of a blessing or whatever , and then willows done .
its okay , willow .
logan said willow was going to help me .
he said if willow can do the spell , ill become a vampire and i wo nt have cancer anymore .
shed asked me one night as we huddled together in the dark beneath an old willow tree in my backyard .
` ` it 's under the canopy of a willow tree , so we 'll be secluded . ''
` ` there , '' i said , pointing toward the willow in her backyard .
i slipped along the hedge until i was just outside the umbrella of willow branches .
raindrops trickling down his back and between his buttocks as he bent over her like a weeping willow ... ` ` do nt prevaricate .
she pulled two blue willow ware plates out of the cabinet and placed them on the white linen covered table .
the art students drew their inspiration from the willows bowing into the water and the ducks paddling lazily past the old house .
the sweeping branches of the willows were as finely depicted as cassie 's hair , and the light gave the scene a freshness that made you want to sit and rest on the grassy banks .
the houses on willow crescent got passed from generation to generation , much to every realtor 's horror .
her house was certainly old , but unlike the other grand dames in willow crescent , she was showing her age .
` ` i do n't get it , '' becky said as we drove out of willow crescent .
he just ca n't face willow crescent anymore , or that house .
` ` all the fences along willow crescent were tagged overnight , '' becky said .
` ` it 's never quiet in willow crescent , '' he said .
the residents of willow crescentof serendipity bend for that matterprided themselves on their manicured lawns and perfect hedges .
may we suggest , for the last dance of the night , that everyone joins in for strip the willow !
strip the willow !
strip the willow was a bit of a shock to her system ; she could nt remember the last time she felt so spontaneous and unrestrained , and she did nt want to dull her mood with alcohol .
abbey introduced herself to a tall , blonde willow named sandy who sat behind a large , highly polished , mahogany desk .
unless she wanted to show up with a flint lock pistol or a blue willow spittoon , it did nt look like she was going to find a present here .
she was like a willow , all bendy and curvy and supple .
big , sad looking weeping willow trees surrounded the grounds and gave it kind of a spooky appearance .
moving away from the cabin and through the forest , i catch sight of a beautiful , new weeping willow tree by the lake .
i have nt been here in so long , i am about to sit , when i notice a beautiful picture of the lake and the new willow tree .
he parked between two willow trees , a clearly undesirable place to park for most as its sagging branches all but covered any vehicle beneath it , and activated an app he purchased from an app store named webgen .
i was trying to climb that tree because i d heard the call of a willow warbler and very much wanted to see it close up .
this was the most exciting event to have happened to her since a willow warbler had done a flip to rival a court jester on a tree branch outside her bedroom window .
she could feel it in her stomach just as surely as a willow warbler knew when she was with egg .
the pathway curved along the house , past a willow tree he 'd planted for missy .
but the other man was a gentleman , limber as a willow tree and wearing a coat and waistcoat striped in lemon and pink - with a hat decorated with ... well , she supposed it must be a feather , but she 'd pay money to see the bird it came off of .
after they 'd parked the plane in a hangar and unloaded their luggage , pete drove them to a cabin nestled in a valley of alder , willow and birch trees .
she knew that if she stepped outside , she would hear the rustling of the bare willow tree , and that it would sound like an old woman weeping .
there 's a lake , too , with willow trees flanking the edge of it - it 's lovely for boating . ''
sitting at a table on a verandah that overlooked a series of lakes shaded by budding willows and frequented by swans , victoria 's gaze settled on dylan perched in the high chair beside anne , and she finally relaxed .
` ` willow '' tawny screeched storming back into the room and grabbing my arm so tightly her nails bit into my flesh .
looking at her sister , willow knew roxy would n't stop until she agreed to play this once .
with a little luck willow would be able to pick a guy and get this over with so she could go back to fuming about her a**hole ex - boss .
each of the trio looked around , searching all the men they could find for a possible target for willow .
the band is the only reason worth being here tonight , willow thought sullenly .
as she sat facing the bar 's entrance , willow opened her mouth .
from her angle , willow believed most of his hair had been pulled back and secured at his neck .
the two men neared their table and willow continued to watch them , her eyes narrowing slightly as she tried to see them more clearly since the lighting around them was dim .
` ` i do believe our little willow 's made her choice . ''
mary drew willow 's attention .
mary 's glance darted back and forth between willow and her prey .
` ` rule one ... '' willow sighed again .
mary looked at willow innocently when willow glared at her .
mary looked at willow innocently when willow glared at her .
` ` gee , that wo n't be awkward at all , '' willow said sarcastically .
you never tell your prey what is going on and you never apologize , '' willow recited , barely resisting the urge to roll her eyes .
i totally think he has on briefs , '' mary predicted , stealing another look at willow 's choice .
` ` commando , '' willow responded breathily when she looked over her shoulder at her target once again .
the move sent a shock of desire straight through willow 's body .
leaning closer to his ear , willow wanted to hiss with pleasure as her n**ples tightened deliciously beneath her shirt when they brushed against his hard chest .
mimicking willow , seth leaned closer .
beneath her , willow felt his c*ck pressing hard against her as she squirmed from the unexpected kiss .
placing her hands on his chest , willow leaned back slightly , careful to keep her movements and touch light .
before he could become the aggressor , willow took control .
the stark contrast of stimulus was the only thing preventing willow from abandoning herself to the music , to the sensations he created within her and the fire that was now raging through her blood .
their kiss ended and willow took a deep breath .
it took a moment of intense concentration - made harder as seth caressed her h*ps where he held her on top of him - before willow remembered seth had called the man jason .
his hands played delicious havoc on her senses as he began drawing circles on her flesh with one finger , so very close to where willow knew she was dripping for him .
not for the first time since she 'd picked him , willow was thankful he had chosen a semi - dark corner to sit in .
when he finally parted her folds , barely grazing her clit , willow 's eyes closed blissfully .
eagerly , willow arched her h*ps to meet him , all thoughts of discretion fleeing .
lifting her head up so he could look into her sated eyes , he placed another brief kiss on willow 's lips .
when he sat in front of her , willow wrapped her arms around his waist .
pulling willow close , he once again began his teasing caresses on her skin as the doors closed .
pulling the silk and lace item apart , he slipped each strap off her shoulder and , with willow 's help , down her arms .
he moved his thumbs back and forth , teasing her n**ples until they were tight buds and willow was leaning into his hands , eager for more .
chapter two willow watched in shock as seth knelt on the elevator floor in front of her .
after what felt like an eternity , the elevator finally stopped , bringing willow back to reality once again .
watching him avidly , willow felt her mouth water as seth pulled off his shirt , revealing a well - muscled chest with just the right amount of hair covering it .
after the unbelievable orgasm he 'd given her in the bar , surrounded by people , willow was sure he was a talented lover .
taking a single step back , willow admired the body now bared completely to her .
a smile tilted willow 's lips .
at the loss of his touch willow 's eyes opened and she saw him rolling a condom down his cock .
unable stop herself , willow began to bite her lip again .
nodding , willow forced herself to decrease her speed .
opening her eyes , willow looked at him .
feeling a bit mischievous herself , willow stuck a finger in her p**sy , wiping the juices on her swollen cl*t as she slowly slid her fingers across .
watching his face closely , willow smiled .
slipping her finger past his lips , willow increased her speed as he sucked on her finger hungrily .
he had lost count long ago of how many years had passed since any woman had affected his body as willow had that night .
` ` i was just wondering if i should get dressed , '' willow answered honestly .
an odd sensation settled in his stomach when willow shifted , laying her head on his arm after he lowered it .
before he could question where the unexpected thought came from , he felt willow clenching around him , pushing his controls to the limit until he was ready to explode inside of her .
rolling onto his side he gathered willow into his arms , thankful he had decided to go to the bar that night .
chapter three willow stretched her body , lazily enjoying the wonderfully stiff and sore feeling .
nodding , willow felt blood rush to her face as she remembered the things she had done the previous night .
` ` i should probably let you go , '' willow said , sitting a little straighter in the bed .
` ` i do not say things i do not mean , sweetheart , '' he told willow , automatically trying to reassure her .
he did n't want to think about jason being left alone with willow .
as he drank , willow stirred on the bed , her h*ps lifting restlessly .
just as he was about to withdraw his teeth from her body , willow screamed out , trembling in the aftermath of an orgasm .
chapter four cracking her eyes open , willow could n't see much of anything around her .
falling back against the bed , willow could n't believe how weak she felt .
when he sat on the bed beside her once again , willow 's limbs felt even weaker by his nearness .
when she was halfway across the room willow looked over her shoulder .
as he washed her legs , willow wanted to scream .
backing against the wall so she would n't hurt herself if her muscles did crumble beneath her , willow spread her legs farther apart , screaming with pleasure when his fingers entered her , as the spray continued to work its magic .
as she turned the water off , willow wondered if a shower would ever feel as good to her again - especially without him there to tease her .
it ended at the top of her thighs , only barely covering her p**sy and again , willow had to remind herself not to feel embarrassed .
looking at willow , however , he was glad he had caved in and created the less formal area as well .
roxy , it 's willow .
` ` i did n't mean ... '' willow sighed .
as willow stood , her face turned a darker shade of red .
as they waited their turn , willow felt comforted having seth stand beside her .
for willow , it was a little unnerving to be out wearing only one of her lover 's shirts and her heels .
when it was their turn , willow ordered popcorn with extra butter and a large soda .
when the clerk asked what he wanted , seth replied , ` ` nothing , thank you , '' then paid for willow 's refreshments .
once the girlfriend got a look at her though , she tugged her man backward until they were as far from willow as possible .
feeling wonderfully young and wicked , willow decided she wanted to play .
gathering her courage , willow nudged his hand higher still , to the edge of the shirt , no more than an inch away from her mound , which now seemed to be begging for his touch .
moaning , willow shoved her knuckle inside her mouth when someone turned their head and heatedly whispered ` ` shhhh '' .
her legs were trembling with the force of her orgasm as willow bit down on her finger so hard she soon had the coppery taste of her own blood in her mouth to keep from screaming out .
though she was curious , willow refused to look back at her seat .
climbing carefully onto his motorcycle behind him , willow was reminded again of her near nak*dness .
he was saved from having to reply when the doors opened , but willow could n't help wondering how he would have answered her last question .
putting the small kit on the counter beside willow , he lifted her finger to his lips .
after a few seconds , willow shook her head .
his gaze caressed her scantily clad form and caused willow to blush prettily for him .
roxy could n't understand why she stayed , why willow would n't come home .
i am definitely becoming spoiled , willow thought with a smile , thinking back to his tender kisses and caresses .
he felt certain willow would want - no , that is n't right , he corrected , she would feel she deserved to know i am a vampire .
he was n't exactly sure when she 'd ceased to be willow , a woman he was merely having fun with , to willow , his woman .
smiling , he seated willow at the table then placed the fresh plate of linguine he 'd ordered in front of her .
an hour later they sat cuddling on the big , soft , comfortable couch by the phone while willow spoke with her sister .
through the phone he could hear roxy arguing with her , telling willow yet again that she should n't run away from her problems , that she needed to come home and fight back .
her sister told her she should go back to her former employer and go after the jerk who had gotten her fired , or at least come home so she knew willow was safe .
his lips caressed willow 's skin , his hunger growing as her pulse fluttered gently beneath his lips .
pulling away from seth , willow was no longer lost in the pleasure of his lips on her flesh as something sharp slid across her neck .
jumping off the couch , willow practically ran across the room .
` ` i do n't think i ' m a vampire , willow , i have always been one . ''
ten minutes later willow 's sister was ushering her to the bathroom inside their apartment to clean her up .
before willow could stop her , roxy put a washcloth under warm tap water and began to clean her neck .
roxy asked one question after the other , barely giving willow time to answer .
staring at her reflection in the mirror , willow could n't tear her gaze off the mark seth had left .
roxy wrapped her arm around willow 's shoulders protectively .
` ` no , '' willow said a bit more forcefully as her sister began to walk away .
when it was closed , and she was left alone in the apartment , willow went into her room .
chapter seven willow was in a beautiful hallway dressed in nothing but a modest nightgown .
arching her back , willow tried to give his mouth easier access to her body , pressing closer to him unable to get enough of his touch .
he caressed every inch of her flesh with his hands , while willow writhed beneath him .
thrashing her head from side to side , willow could hear the needy moans that escaped her parted lips .
every place he touched , her blood turned into fire , and willow was certain if he continued teasing her much longer , she would burst into flames .
opening her eyes , willow could feel sweat rolling down her face as her sister shook her .
the reality of what she 'd nearly done hit willow hard .
roxy looked hurt that willow would n't confide in her .
guilt washed over willow , making her feel horrible for closing her sister out .
looking at the troubled expression on her sister 's face , willow decided to tell her part of the truth , to placate her .
roxy stared at her , breaking willow out of her thoughts .
sighing , willow pressed forward .
for a brief moment , willow allowed herself to smile .
* * * willow was finally beginning to relax .
smiling as she listened to the women arguing , willow had to admit her sister had been right .
no one was sure of where they came from , and willow did n't care .
since the night she 'd left him , willow was never far from his thoughts .
she was so upset when she left ... so distraught when she found out what i am ... maybe i should just leave her alone ... as he watched willow , her spine stiffened .
as seth watched , jason approached willow and squatted beside her .
no man would touch his sweet willow while he simply sat around and watched .
his eyes narrowed as he caught a faint trace of willow 's scent coming from the other man .
no one tasted as sweet as willow did .
it 's not as if ... '' willow was interrupted by a loud growl from seth 's stomach .
without the music blaring and people attempting to talk over each over , seth knew it was too much to hope that willow had n't heard the embarrassing sound .
he demanded , glaring at willow .
as soon as the door was opened , and willow saw the dust and cobwebs , she shook her head emphatically .
number two , sweet ... willow , if you keep moving , i will not be held responsible for what happens . ''
seth chuckled deeply as willow instantly froze .
` ` go check , '' willow ordered as she began removing his shoes .
when he did n't move to take her wrist willow began to grow more concerned .
when his thick , beautiful c*ck came out , willow 's mouth watered .
jason took the remote back from willow and cut the television back on , instantly channel - surfing once more .
i need something that will work almost instantly ... willow looked down at her legs , praying for inspiration .
closing her eyes , willow remained on her knees , practically straddling his face .
eyes still closed , willow circled her n**ples with her nails then tugged on them lightly .
releasing one nipple , willow brought her hand up to her face .
opening her eyes , willow looked deeply into his .
leaning down , willow slipped her finger deep inside her soaking wet p**sy .
clamping her thighs together tightly , willow allowed her hands to grab fistfuls of his hair , stopping him .
as seth pounded into her body ruthlessly , willow met his h*ps with as much force as she could .
for the first time since she 'd found out the truth about him , willow finally felt safe again .
chapter nine ` ` mmmm , '' willow moaned as she snuggled back into the chest behind her .
twenty minutes later , willow walked out of the bedroom , feeling sore , but rested .
standing , willow shook her head before walking away from the table .
giving a small chuckle , willow sighed .
before she could answer any of her own questions , willow was sleeping once again .
when jason mentioned that his willow had a severe craving for chocolate , he had stopped by the next store and practically bought out the entire stock in the candy aisle .
he was surprised to see just how many sequels the movie had , and hoped that those two would help him to understand the reference willow made earlier .
i need you to take willow back home . ''
` ` you have been hanging around willow entirely too much . ''
seth had to fight the surge of jealousy he felt at the thought of his willow being with some other man .
looking over at the couch , he knew he could n't leave willow there .
` ` join the club , swe ... willow . ''
` ` the point , willow , is that feeding is precisely that for me .
this time willow did n't follow him .
with an oddly heavy heart , willow pressed the lobby button .
roxy kept demanding answers as she hammered on willow 's door as though she were trying to break it down .
taking her cue from seth 's behavior earlier , willow shouted , ` ` leave me the hell alone . ''
i could just let him drink from me every few days ... we could just become best friends ... willow could n't even convince herself of the plausibility of that last thought .
unable to handle her rampant thoughts any longer , willow lay on her bed .
as she lay in the bed now , willow could n't help but shudder .
clinging to that tiny thread of hope , willow closed her eyes and drifted off into sleep .
he did n't see the twinkling lights or traffic , he saw willow , her body uncovered for him .
how many women would tease their men the way willow teased me ?
it wo n't make me feel better and it sure as hell wo n't bring willow back .
he took a deep breath , breathing in willow 's scent as it clung to his sheets , his pillow .
* * * ` ` roxy , i ' m going out , '' willow called as she tried to hurry from of the door before her sister could stop her .
i just needed to work through something , '' willow told roxy honestly .
but willow also wanted to make sure she was more than a pet to him .
without another word , willow turned and left the apartment .
since the night crawlers were n't due to play until the next night , willow felt reasonably sure she would be able to spot jason as soon as he walked in .
dismissing all the men asking her to dance and denying anyone who asked to join her , willow tried to wait patiently , constantly reminding herself that the bartender said she had n't missed him .
jason nodded and followed willow to her table .
when the doors opened willow stepped out and jason gave a slight bow , a sarcastic smile on his face .
he growled again ` ` seth ... '' willow stroked his cheek gently .
chapter eleven willow pushed the button and waited for the elevator to arrive .
i ' m here because at some point i fell in love with your sorry ass and for the life of me , now i can not figure out why , because you 're nothing more than some ... some jerk with an ... '' willow hesitated .
his expression was so hopeful willow felt her anger melting away .
placing his arm around her shoulders , willow circled her arm around his waist .
closing her eyes , willow braced herself , unsure of what exactly to expect .
nodding , willow felt her heartbeat speed up .
` ` with you in my arms , willow , breathing almost becomes a sensual pleasure for me , '' he responded .
` ` seth , '' willow began seriously , her tone stopping his hands .
chapter twelve willow smiled as she watched seth bring in the final boxes of her clothes .
she warned me that i was making a mistake , '' willow said , clearly enjoying being able to tease him .
to his delight , willow echoed the sound , giving the throaty laugh he loved .
when his finger slid inside her , willow arched her neck and back , trying to get closer to him .
as willow lifted her head and began to drink from him , seth thrust inside of her again .
unwilling to release his neck , even to scream with pleasure from her orgasm , willow bit down instead .
seth watched willow 's head fall backward , felt her hair tickling his thighs .
i ' ve made appointments to tour altamira and whispering willows tomorrow . ''
the marshalls contributed stories about their own badly behaved but much - loved dog , willow .
even shrouded by darkness , she knew it was painted white with dignified black trim , and that a huge old weeping willow hung over the murmuring water of the deschutes .
to his dismay he found a three - hundred - dollar charge from willows , weeds and flowers .
` ` she lives in willow lodge .
the willows along the river bank and the wide cobalt sky overhead were reflected in the flat surface .
near the edge of the river bank , in the green space under the largest willow , guy set down the basket and let go of her hand .
but she let it pass as he drew picked up the rug and drew her into the shadowy hollow under the willow .
under the canopy of the willow they were out of sight .
he rolled away from her and , propping his arms behind his head , gazed up through the bent branches of the willow to the fragmented pieces of bright blue sky beyond .
ten avery ducked under the large willow tree and swapped her still - damp bikini bottoms for a panties and jeans , and started to untangle her hair and finger - comb it out .
the bear started to sniff at the hedge on the far side of the willow .
she whipped around in time to see a second large cub come gamboling into the green cave under the willow .
her pulse pounding , avery eyed the trunk of the willow tree .
dropping it , the larger cub trotted through the willow fronds and then after a few seconds the smaller cub followed .
look , '' guy parted the fronds of willow , ` ` there 's the sow . ''
avery was only too ready to follow him through the hedge at the rear of the willow and scramble up the slope to where the suv was parked .
` ` melissa prefers the peace of willow lodge .
` ` what about if she stayed with melissa at willow lodge ? ''
at willow lodge she 'd have some space , some privacy .
twelve willow lodge oozed mellow serenity .
inside , the walls and floors were crafted from wood the color of honey and dramatic picture windows looked out over the willows for which the lodge was named .
` ` treat willow lodge like your home , '' guy 's sister said .
after sleeping under a down comforter and having a leisurely breakfast , avery propped her leg up on a footrest in front of a window overlooking the willows and showing glimpses of the river beyond .
` ` there 's a meadow beyond willow lodge overlooking roaring fork that i want you to see .
since her return to aspen , she had been staying in willow lodge , one of the exclusive log cabins owned by jarrod ridge resort .
even though willow lodge was the cabin farthest away from the manor , she could have walked the short distance .
` ` i 'll come by willow lodge later , '' he said , smiling .
slipping through the stand of pine trees behind willow lodge , he took the porch steps two at a time .
it had been at her insistence that he leave willow lodge each night after they 'd made love .
using lissa 's key , shane let them into willow lodge , then closing and locking the door behind them , took her into his arms .
shane asked as he and lissa sat in front of the willow lodge fireplace .
as he sprinted up the steps and across the deck of willow lodge , he fished for the key lissa had given him from his pocket .
standing on the deck at willow lodge , melissa stared at the mountains beyond .
he could n't eat , could n't sleep and nothing he did seemed to relieve the hollow ache that had settled in his chest when he walked away from willow lodge the other night .
` ` i also think it would be a good idea for us to spend this winter at willow lodge . ''
he stopped in front of a gray - blue house with a willow tree in the front yard .
weeping willows dangled to the ground , kudzu grew along the walls in sheets , and every third step they took squished .
she took a seat on a bench under a weeping willow and patted the spot next to her for luce .
the acid - green willow trees in front of the library swayed gently in the breeze , and luce steered her parents to a position where the willows obscured most of the soot stains and the windows broken by the fire .
the acid - green willow trees in front of the library swayed gently in the breeze , and luce steered her parents to a position where the willows obscured most of the soot stains and the windows broken by the fire .
but then , near a weeping willow tree , she picked up her lover 's path again .
they landed on the bank of the river under the shade of a weeping willow tree , sending a flock of agitated ducks flapping into the water .
the shade from the willow trees will surely offer some measure of relief . ''
i started drawing a weeping willow , its trunk gnarled and twisted with knots .
i took a deep breath and tried to take myself back to the memories of the willow tree that had inspired my drawing in the first place .
i want to show that piece of the girl with the willow tree , obviously .
` ` do you think there 's any way ... could you bring the willow drawing here ?
he wants the willow tree . ''
beside her lay two fishing poles , a willow trout basket , and a top - of - the - line borcherdt 's tackle box .
normally , he was so wrapped up in his world with his fiancee , willow , and his online courses to keep up with what i was doing .
he 's infatuated with willow , '' sadie replied .
when willow had come into his life , i 'd been so happy for him .
` ` well , we are glad you 're here , '' willow assured him .
i was worried that if i did n't step in and help , we 'd have a fight on our hands , and i do n't want anything to ruin tonight for marcus and willow , '' i explained once i got to jason , before anyone could say anything .
marcus was standing with willow in his arms , talking to dewayne , rock , and trisha pretty intensely when we walked back out the doors .
cage york , willow 's best friend , and his girlfriend , eva , had arrived too .
marcus tolerated cage because of willow .
as i entered the room , willow smiled at me and motioned me over .
` ` he 's been drinking before he was old enough to shave , '' marcus drawled as he came up behind willow and wrapped his arms around her waist .
i saw them walk down there , '' willow replied .
marcus bent down and kissed willow 's head .
i ' m friends with trisha , and i went to school with willow , '' she explained , and slipped her other hand over the crotch of my jeans .
however , i could n't leave willow there to handle him while she had larissa to take care of .
larissa was the daughter of willow 's sister and my father .
my dad 's affair with willow 's sister had almost destroyed marcus and willow when they 'd found out .
including willow .
she 'd mistreated willow for years .
i could get rid of preston , then hang out with willow and larissa awhile .
i dialed willow 's number to let her know i was going to be at their apartment when she got back with larissa .
larissa and willow had returned .
i was n't going to get answers with willow standing here between us .
` ` thanks , willow , for the sofa .
it 's always open if you need it , '' willow replied .
` ` swim it is , '' willow agreed .
i would have to borrow one of willow 's swimsuits .
i looked back at willow , who was standing there watching me .
cage had always been protective of willow .
but i did n't want to miss the wedding planning for marcus and willow .
i was going with willow to pick out bridesmaid dresses , and we were taking larissa with us to find her a flower girl dress .
i ' m going with willow and larissa to pick out bridesmaid dresses and larissa 's flower girl dress . ''
i did n't have the sexy goddess thing willow did .
besides , willow and her sister were n't very close .
we were here to find the perfect dress for willow .
it was rare i got him without willow these days .
then he 'd explained that willow and amanda were out shopping for the wedding dress .
marcus was rarely anywhere without willow .
i 'd listened to him go on and on about willow when she 'd come into his life .
amanda i followed willow into live bay .
` ` there 's marcus , '' willow said , walking through the crowd toward the table they always occupied .
marcus had just texted willow .
marcus beamed at willow and stood up to pull her into his arms .
` ` i missed you , '' marcus said , pulling back from his attack on willow 's face .
marcus frowned and turned back to stare down at willow .
marcus asked , and i looked over at him and realized he and willow were both sitting now and no longer kissing .
` ` hey , preston , '' willow said cheerily .
` ` amanda is dating jax stone 's brother , '' willow chimed in , smiling brightly .
` ` no , not really , '' i replied , shaking my head and wishing to god that willow would shut up .
she adored willow and getting to assist in planning the wedding - which was now on the beach instead of the church where mom had wanted it- something she looked forward to when we were all together .
when the door closed behind marcus and willow , i turned to go up the stairs .
marcus and willow walked into the kitchen holding hands .
neither was willow 's sister , tawny .
` ` you did n't have to do all this , '' willow told my mother .
my mom was a tough nut to crack , and she had adored willow since she 'd first met her at a family dinner .
then again , willow scored big points just for making marcus so happy .
` ` i 'll help you , mom , '' marcus said , pulling willow 's chair out for her , then turning to follow mom into the kitchen .
seeing the way my brother looked at willow , i yearned to be looked at that way .
the concern in willow 's voice was obvious .
marcus reached for some food and started putting it on willow 's plate .
when he thought willow had betrayed him , he 'd reacted the way any man would .
i started to walk to the stairs , where i knew willow was going over things with the wedding director , when i saw preston 's blond hair out on the beach .
i wanted what marcus and willow had .
longstreet shook his head , the breath in his lungs sighing like wind in river willows .
now , if ye- '' he stopped abruptly , for she had pressed into his hand a sprig of willow , with its long , fuzzy yellow catkins .
he 'd thought so , seeing the willow branchlet , but perhaps it was her own silly attempt at further seduction , in which case he 'd just mortally offended her .
weeping willow trees surrounded the edges of the sloping lawn almost as in protection .
the humped mound of the lodge was reflected in still water , and on the far bank she could see the agitated judderings of a couple of willow saplings , evidently in the process of being consumed .
in the middle of the pond , but the noise was n't sufficient to alarm the beavers ; the willow saplings on the far bank continued to shake and heave under the assault of industrious teeth .
he raised a shoulder , but made no reply , intent on skewering the cleaned fish on peeled willow twigs for broiling .
i did have , in the side pocket of my medicine chest , the frayed willow twigs with which i cleaned my teeth , and i got one of these and set to work , thinking over the amazing fortune which had brought us here .
i spent my spare time counting suture needles , hoarded willow bark , and stole every spare ounce of alcohol i could find , to be brewed into disinfectant .
so after the camp was quiet , and the soldiers lumped and snoring in their blankets round the fire , i had crept out of my own blanket , carefully laid near the edge of a willow grove , and made my way through the trailing fronds , with no more sound than the rustle of the wind .
` ` leave the poor woman alone , jess , '' corporal rowbotham said , emerging silently from the screen of willows behind him .
he spoke softly enough , but jessie glared at him , then , thinking better of whatever he 'd had in mind , turned without another word and disappeared under the willow leaves .
we 'll meet at the willow tree later . ''
the willow tree was dark , and might have been cool , had there been fewer people in it .
i pointed downstream , where a small point of land marked a bend in the river , its willows shining dusky silver in the moonlight .
there was a patch of thick grass edging the point below the willows .
across the creek , the willows trailed their leaves in the water , crowns ruffled black against the setting moon .
beyond the willows lay acre upon acre and mile upon mile of the virgin forest , civilization for now no more than a foothold on the edge of the continent .
there was not much there - no more than a few jars of dandelion root and willow bark , and a few patent poultices , dusty from disuse .
jamie saw them , too , and pulled strongly for the far side , bringing us to rest against a shelving gravel bank , in a pool formed by the roots of a weeping willow .
i leaned out and caught a branch of the willow , and wrapped the painter round it .
he did n't look at me ; his face was turned toward the mill , half - hidden by the willow 's shadow .
i brushed angrily at the screen of willow fronds between us , trying to see him .
the boat lurched , and with a huge rustling of leaves , he popped his head through the willow , glaring .
the willow leaves slid back over his shoulders as the boat moved , jarred by his violence , and we revolved slowly , coming out of the tree 's shadow .
jamie and ian waded into this with enthusiasm , harrying the finny denizens with whippy rods cut from black willow .
he nodded , looking down between the trees , where a gentle slope full of wild hay and timothy fell away and rose again in a line of willows that fringed the distant river .
they were remnants of the old willow pattern set the reverend had had for as long as roger could remember , the blue - and - white chinese trees and pagodas augmented by odd bits of ill - assorted crockery acquired from jumble sales .
at the moment , our total stock consisted of a small white piglet , which jamie had obtained from a moravian settlement thirty miles away , exchanging for it a bag of sweet yams i had gathered and a bundle of willow - twig brooms i had made .
` ` perhaps i 'll go up to the willow grove by the stream this morning . ''
my hands and feet were numb from the water ; i felt as though i were half made of wood , yet intensely alive , like the silver birch that glowed above me , or the willows that trailed wet leaves in the pool below .
just as i came to the willows ' bend , there was a loud shriek from beyond the trees .
i ' ve put some willow bark to steep ; that will help the headache . ''
willie did n't laugh - the boy did n't laugh much - but he smiled and took the willow pole with its newly tied fly .
they stood in the cool shadow of a grove of black willow , but the sun was still above the horizon , and the water of the stream glittered like metal .
it was cozy in the cabin , with the fire flickering gold and red on the rough - barked walls , and the air filled with the warm , lingering scents of squirrel stew and pumpkin bread , spiced with the bitter tang of willow tea .
no rash yet , but the skin was tight and hot - very hot still , in spite of the willow bark .
the autumn wind rattled the branches of the willows by the stream , a sound like dry , bare bones .
the stone bench under the willow tree was devoid of its usual charm at this time of year , but it was at least sheltered from the icy blasts off the river .
` ` but maisie loved the light in the fields and the birds of the glen ... '' the light faded gradually from the room , and the smell of sun - warmed flowers was replaced by the damp green smell of the willows by the river , and the faint scent of woodsmoke from the cookhouse .
i nodded ; i recalled vaguely from a long - ago botany lecture hearing that willow bark in fact contained salicylic acid , the active ingredient in aspirin .
` ` wo n't the willow bark increase the chance of bleeding ? ''
an hour 's ride from the village , she stopped near a small brook , overhung by willows .
a little further down the hill , the pool became visible through the screen of willows .
we cast up and down the banks of the river , stumbling on rocks , splashing in the shallows , scratching our hands and faces on the willows that trawled their branches in the pools .
good , i had plenty of willow bark still left .
` ` i 'd better take that back ; i need to boil water so i can steep some willow bark .
` ` the hell with willow bark , '' he said , producing a silver flask from the recesses of his shirt .
when i fought my way through the thicket of willow saplings edging the creek , i found him standing by the barbecue pit , in peaceful conversation with ronnie sinclair - meanwhile leaning casually on the handle of the ax , of which he had somehow managed to possess himself .
the word ` ` privacy '' made me lean back against jamie , and glance toward the riverbank , where a clump of weeping willows sheltered a stone bench - quite a private and romantic spot , especially at night .
the willows were thick with green , but i caught a flash of scarlet through the drooping branches .
jamie made his way down the lawn toward the willows , absently acknowledging the greetings of friends and acquaintances as he went .
that made him want to laugh , too , and he turned back toward the willows , smiling to himself .
being trapped in a seething mass of others , with no hope of escape , was one of his own personal visions of hell , and he paused for a moment outside the screen of willow trees , to administer a brief squeeze of reassurance , which he hoped might calm the riot for a bit .
he pushed aside a swath of willow branches , ducking to go through .
he tilted his head toward the house in inquiry ; macdonald nodded and followed him out of the willows , as loud rustlings and squealings announced that the bench and its sheltering trees had now become the province of the younger element .
i left a cup under the willows , still half - full . ''
if i were drinking leftovers , i 'd just stay there under the willows and gulp it . ''
` ` it would be as well if ye can get anything sensible out of her , '' he said , with a glance toward the sun , which hung in mid - sky above the tops of the willows along the river .
my own intent had been to enjoy the delightful supper that had been laid on , perhaps take a glass or two more of the excellent wine ... and then find jamie and go to investigate the romantic potential of the stone bench beneath the willows .
` ` no , '' he said , steering her skillfully to the right of the dock , and toward the willows .
he pushed aside the hanging veil of willow branches , alert lest he disturb some courting couple that had beaten them to the stone bench , but all was well .
it was suddenly quiet under the willows , most of the noise from the house drowned by the rushing of water and the monotonous chirping of frogs .
roger shut his eyes hard and counted to thirty ; when he opened them , he could at least make out her form , silhouetted against the dim light that filtered through the willows , and the horizontal line of the bench .
phaedre 's voice came out from under the willow nearest the house ; nothing of the slave showed but the whiteness of her cap , floating dimly in the shadows .
brianna disappeared with a ferocious rustling of willow branches , and he heard the hurrying thump of slippered feet on earth as she ran toward the house , phaedre in her wake .
the thought of the doctor using his gory instruments on jemmy 's soft flesh was enough to send him crashing through the willows in hot pursuit .
` ` in a can - yon , in a cav - ern , exca - va - ting for a mine ... dwelt a min - er , forty - nin - er , and his daugh - ter , clementine ... '' the dark privacy of the tent reminded roger of something ; he realized that it had something of the same feeling of peaceful enclosure that the bench beneath the willows had had , though the tent was a lot hotter .
the pressure of the wooden seat reminded him of a certain amount of residual congestion from the encounter under the willows , and he shifted slightly to ease the discomfort .
there was a stone bench by the river , half - hidden under a weeping willow .
i whirled on the bench to find phillip wylie , leaning against the trunk of the willow tree with a most sardonic expression on his face .
looking back over my shoulder , i saw wylie still standing under the willow tree , staring after us .
he nodded toward the heavy growth of alder and willow that marked the edge of the invisible creek , no more than a hundred yards distant .
still , he felt oddly exposed as he walked through the lush grass of the river - meadow , and sighed with involuntary relief , as the languishing branches of the creek - side willows enfolded him in cool shadow .
he glanced around in all directions , but nothing moved save the rushing water and the trailing willow fronds .
for the hundredth time that morning , i glanced toward the scrim of willows through which roger had disappeared on his errand .
she did n't take her eyes off the trees , and her hands were knotted in her lap , squeezing together as though she could will roger to appear through the willows .
he wondered , turning past the thicket of willow that marked the ford .
how- he pushed through the willows , and heard their voices before he saw them .
he was halfway through the screen of willows before it occurred to him to wonder what he was doing , let alone why he was doing it .
somewhere beyond the willows , there was a deep booming noise , and flocks of startled birds rose screeching from the trees .
gideon caught the mare up within moments , though , and both horses disappeared into the willows , as though swallowed up .
she had an instant 's vivid recall of the moment when he had done that , under the willows at river run , and a warm rush spread through her , tingling from br**sts to womb .
he heard the gurgle then of water over stones , and burst through a screen of willow saplings to find the stream at his feet , sun sparking off the water .
tired from a morning of shoving his way through impenetrable thickets of brush and cane , he had eaten a sparse lunch and lain down for an hour 's rest in the shade of a black willow on the river bank .
his mind clung to the notion of willows ; he could see a growth of them in the distance , barely visible above the waving canes .
the stream itself was n't visible , but he could chart its course by the growth of bare - limbed sycamore and willows .
it was wide and shallow here , with willows trailing leafless branches in the water .
jamie muttered , pushing through the willow saplings on the bank as they skirted the wallow .
she found a spot behind a drooping willow with its branches dangling into the water of the swamp .
making a small fire , she heated the water and retreated back to the willow to wash her body the best she could before returning .
i was n't around when marcus and willow had met , but apparently it had been a love - at - first - sight kind of thing .
so willow and cage made complete sense .
today , though , taylor paid them little attention as he moved steadily beneath a cloudy sky , stopping only when he reached the shade of a giant willow tree .
neither one of them felt the urge to tend to a small granite stone in the shade of a willow tree .
the crackle of my tires as they rolled over gravel was oddly comforting , and i pulled to a stop beneath a willow tree , next to a small battered pickup truck .
i pulled the car to a stop beneath the willow tree , next to the battered truck .
the yellow clapboard house , built in the late twenties , sat wedged between two huge willow trees .
` ` and i count my blessings every day that i ' ve known what it feels like to be held in her arms , to walk hand in hand and steal a kiss from her below a willow tree .
there was a spot there beneath a willow tree that she 'd frequented in the days following her wedding , when she 'd worried about what the future might hold .
` ` this is aloe and willow bark , '' laurel explained .
as always , cassie was struck by the willow slimness of her mother 's figure .
scott tells me about his life , and it turns out that while i was in the bad place , he married someone named willow , and they actually now have three - year - old twins named tami and jeri - lyn .
she looked at the willow tree in the front yard , the same tree she had fallen out of , breaking her leg .
isabel burche sat on her porch in a rocker made from peeled willow boughs .
down by the first barranca across from santa paula creek where willow patches grew .
the lower hillside and opposite bank of the santa paula had been thick with people going after the berries , but she 'd gone farther up to the willows because she knew more berries grew there .
i may even open a little stand in my front yard -- you know , like that widow woman over on willow street who sells eggs . ''
maybe it was the desire to make up to her for his remarks that made him leave and pick out a willow branch and come back .
he positioned the willow in his hands , palms up .
the only evidence of the downpour were the broad sandbars and deeply rooted willows along the banks ; they were limp and coated with grit .
he stopped in front of willow and pulled her into a bear hug then buried his head in the curve of her neck .
as in willow the redhead ?
she did n't have to know willow was engaged to someone else .
i hated willow because she had something i never would : cage york 's unconditional love .