his breathing became shallow as his morning wood started to become evident against my inner thigh .
` ` i like the idea of you lifting that skirt and riding some morning wood a whole lot better .
she caught my morning wood between her thighs pressing her bare young pussy against me .
he shrugged as though he did n't care one way or the other as he slowly slid off the bed , gloriously naked with his morning wood protruding proudly .
` ` sometimes i wake up with morning wood , but never like this , like an iron bar .
i lay there with my morning wood pushing against the delicious crack of her ass , wondering if i ' m bastard enough to wake her early .
just the thought of her touching herself was enough to turn his morning wood into top - of - the - day steel .
` ` if i have to start actually styling my hair every day , '' she muttered , ` ` you 're dealing with morning wood on your own . ''
he tuned it and started to strum the opening chords to the beatles ' norwegian wood .
ignoring his morning wood , he got up from the bed , dragged on his boxers , and turned .
my skin broke out with goose bumps and inside the burlap bag , i grinned because at least i would n't have to be worried about sporting a morning wood .
` ` good afternoon , signorina wood . ''
my sarah wood have wanted that .
but when my h*ps automatically bucked my morning wood into the curvy backside pressed up against me , it felt so very real .
` ` i would say it was the tequila talking , but i think my wood would prove me wrong . ''
her reaction caused me to buck my morning wood against her backside .
dogs died , wood said gruffly .
skittering this way wood slammed the door and leaned against it as clarissa jumped back with an involuntary cry .
that was where wood had found his dogs .
woods and his fucking apples .
when she tried to lunge at him , he caught her stick with his own , swept it aside , and slid his wood down hard on her fingers .
the man said nothing but raised the wood again and swung .
are you joseph wood ?
i simply wanted to give those of you who are dumber than wood an overview of what you will be up against .
brandishing a three wood , he turned to his playing partner , gregorio , who had just reached the green , a tall blond businessman with a dark green shirt and perpetually bad sunburn .
on a clear day , wood could see ten , maybe even twelve miles from the roof terrace .
wood always began his mornings with a bagel and a coffee : black , no sugar .
wood 's personal assistant , a simpering young man fresh from oxford , laid out a selection of newspapers at the head of the table and hovered awkwardly as wood scanned through the headlines .
thinking back to the last thing i could recall before waking up in the parachute , i remembered very clearly getting the shot to the head with the three wood .
he stepped into the shot and let er rip with a big 3 wood .
two smashing woods will just get you over the line of bunkers that lie right up against the green .
what did jacob wood have to do with current cigarette advertising ?
one moment tiger woods was stalking the green , the next the screen was black .
he staggered backward , muttered , ` ` notagain , '' and then went down , wood through his heart .
i thought wood was dangerous for you . ''
i could n't stop thinking of the other day when i was taking you from behind , and my wood got so hard that i thought i was going to drill a hole in the mat .
the entire night i alternated between fantasizing about what it felt like being inside her and reliving the moment in the hallway when she came from just the pressure of my wood against her .
i had been too tired to even stroke my wood if i had the urge - which i did n't for several months after i saw her pale ass bouncing in the window of the car .
the tip of his morning wood pressing lightly against me .
he took out his three wood and one of the hybrids and slid the shotgun into the space.perfect !
jina was appalled to have had the coachs wood pointing at her face .
it was a 3 wood shot , and it ricocheted off my head and onto the putting surface for a gim me birdie .
battle of albans wood ?
several times he trod on chaikos good leg with his wood , not realising the pain he caused the shaman .
principal douche bag wood just passed in that window , he pointed to a large window on the building .
what are you doing in my wood ?
the kings wood shot out , taking off the remainder of the one dead gods head .
any wood in my heart would have killed me instantly .
well , what s the connection between a screw and a wood ?
i stared down the line of our bodies and found the tip of the wood in his middle had pierced my side .
` ` cia , '' said wood .
` ` you better start taking us seriously , '' said wood .
have you slept with wood 's widow yet ? ''
as soon as the gavel hit wood , mccarthy turned to look over the sparse crowd in the courtroom .
a storybook wood , she thought , thrilled with it even as the rain splashed over her boots .
as he lunged forward she swung the wood in a forceful arch , catching him squarely on the nose .
his wood was going limp and the foreskin contracted over his tip .
he stepped up to bat using a wood .
staving that mofos head with the one wood .
i arrived at the top with only one question in my mind : why would natalie wood come up here ?
the one reconsiders wood .
he herked and jerked , round went the wood followed by the solid sound of the ball sailing straight away , his self satisfied smirk as he plucked up his tee .
give me my three wood and stand up there so you can see where it goes , i m going to just larrup this one as hard as i can .
agreed , said the player , once again taking out his favoured three wood .
encouraged the caddie , ripping the head cover off the three wood , an action that sent the watching members of the one hundred scurrying for cover again , grip it and rip it !
perhaps if we trawl back through the black and white photographs of that time we might just see you standing in the background watching on as gene sarazan plays the infamous shot heard around the world ; a thundering 4 wood to the par 5 15th in the masters that rolled in for an incredible albatross to tie the lead .
he rocked the 3 - wood back and forth over the green grass .
once in power , wood found his options limited .
with no other option , wood began negotiations with hitler through swedish intermediaries .
account number 2543 is a checking account that only ms . wood could sign on , balance is $ 7,569.45 , and last activity is a check that cleared two days ago for $ 231.68 .
i do nt think i can get a 3 - wood high enough to hold the green .
his ball had rolled into the front of a sand filled divot , making it difficult to make clean contact with a fairway wood .
daves second shot was almost as bad , topping a 3 - wood , and leaving 190 yards to the green .
buzz was only 220 to a back pin and hit 3 - wood to the center of the green .
bradford tried to hit the ball first , but caught it fat and his five - wood came up at least 75 yards short of the green .
he decided to go for the green with a 3 - wood and almost succeeded .
buzz was on his sixth beer when he hit 5 - wood from 215 yards , over water , to the back of the green .
buzz did nt have the same problem ; a 3 - wood was all he needed to give him a short iron to this green .
he figured a high 5 - wood might have a chance of reaching the green .
buzz had honors and took out a three wood .
daves 7 - wood floated and stopped on the fringe in front of the green .
they move the tees way back , adding another 450 yards , and short hitters are forced to hit three - woods into greens designed to hold a seven or eight iron .
another one , the leader maybe , came up to me with a long sharp ass looking wood .
her hand automatically went to his cock , and his morning wood had turned painful fast .
i already knew who woods was , but even if i had n't , i would know he owned the place .
i stared at the lemon tree until my wood relaxed .
i bent to grab my wood ' bat ' and backed my way to harper 's corner , tucking her behind me .
that was morning wood , and for your information , i was dreaming of you when she interrupted me .
` ` tate , hey , '' i said to him , tugged at my hand and luckily wood let it go .
tate asked me , ignoring wood .
` ` yeah , '' wood said on a chin lift , ` ` coors . ''
i figured wood was hanging around , waiting for his reward .
i looked beyond him to see that wood was already halfway to us .
` ` oh yeah , wood , when i get back , we 're havin ' words and you better f**kin ' believe it 's gon na be face - to - face , '' tate growled , pulled the phone from his ear , hit a button with his thumb and tossed it on the bed .
he took a step toward me and whispered , ` ` bullshit , ace , after that kiss you knew exactly what i was talkin ' about and wood knew exactly where i was at which brings us to why the f**k i come home and you two are tight . ''
` ` yeah , wood tell you all about neeta and me ?
tate bit out and my body jerked at discovering this news , news wood had not shared .
he was also there the minute wood walked in , his eyes on me ( my eyes were on him too and i was pretty sure they were wide and a little panicked ) .
in fact , what was handsome , gentle - talking wood doing with me ?
` ` you got neeta today , baby , wood can wait until later . ''
` ` damn , '' i whispered under my breath and watched wood ride up the drive and stop at the front of the garage .
my mind came back into tate 's living room when wood started talking again .
i stared at wood and wondered if my luck was changing and realized it was when his eyes came to me and he said into the phone , ` ` yeah , she 's awake , '' and then held it to me , ` ` wants to talk to you , baby . ''
` ` honest to god , wood , i wan na know , '' she mocked , threw out an arm and her knuckles cracked alarmingly against the window also making equally alarming clinking noises because she was wearing rings .
* * * * * we hit the clearing in the woods , shambles was leading and speaking , ` ` there , '' he pointed to the clearing , ` ` that 's where we - '' we were at the edge of a glade and he stopped speaking and walking because wood reached up and grasped his shoulder , pulling him to a halt .
` ` gon na be a bit before wood gets here , ace , and seen this before .
i 'll be in after wood gets here . ''
we watched wood turn around in the drive and pull out .
` ` yeah , baby , coffee 'd be good , '' wood said in his gentle voice .
his hug was fast and he let go , jumping back a step and announcing , ` ` dad and uncle wood spent all day putting in the counters .
` ` i 'll talk to wood when we get home , '' walker told him .
so , i guess i should say , the last year , maggie and wood been seein ' to my shit . ''
` ` how did , um ... maggie and wood take care of your shit ? ''
i met tate , the freakishly good - looking man , laurie was his wife ( of course ) , maggie , a pretty , petite brunette , wood , another freakishly good - looking man with black hair and a goatee , bubba , a man nearly as huge as ty ( but not as solid ) with light brown hair and a good ole boy smile , krystal , a petite , busty woman in a tight tank top with flaming red hair and assessing eyes , pop , an older man with a beer gut and a gray beard , stella , a full on biker babe with dark hair highlighted with streaks of blonde , deke , a blond mountain of a man who was as solid as ty and even scarier , jim - billy , another older man wearing a beat up baseball cap and a broken smile , broken because he was missing a tooth , ned and betty , an upper middle - aged married couple who approached me together declaring they were a unit and they liked it that way , jonas , a handsome boy being thus seeing as he was tate 's son who was , i guessed , twelve , maybe thirteen and , rounding out the pack , maggie and wood 's two kids , a pretty little girl named addison and a cute little boy named noah .
at my greeting , he said this : ` ` at the garage , wood took me back on .
as i strolled to my car , i smiled at the two gray - blue coverall covered men , my eyes moved to wood and i called , ` ` hey , wood . ''
not to mention , considering he was an experienced mechanic therefore his salary was far from shit and pop and wood paid time and a half overtime , he 'd made a f**kload of cake .
then i heard ty whisper , ` ` not sure how i feel about celebratin ' with a g*y guy and a bunch of pu**y in a salon and , babe , equally unsure how wood 's boys are gon na feel about it . ''
maggie showed about five minutes after wood got there .
then as wood muttered on his phone , it hit him .
wood 's father , pop , was a devoted harley man who saddled wood with a biker 's son biker name that surprisingly wood , considering he was also a biker , refused to answer to and everyone called him wood unless they wanted his fist in their groin .
wood 's father , pop , was a devoted harley man who saddled wood with a biker 's son biker name that surprisingly wood , considering he was also a biker , refused to answer to and everyone called him wood unless they wanted his fist in their groin .
removing my hand from beneath my pillow , i grasped my morning wood and stroked .
various teachers read out their words recognising miss howe 's achievements ; the head girl made her speech and the chairman of the parents ' committee expressed gratitude on behalf of all the girls who had succeeded so well at wood park , thanks to miss howe .
` ` that just a morning wood , or you in the middle of something ? ''
his morning wood turned into a full - blown erection .
being nak*d with her in the dim hideaway was one thing , but facing her in the bright sunlight wearing only his morning wood took more guts than he had .
she 'd noticed his morning wood .
he became aware of two things at once : first he was sleeping beside suzy and second , his morning wood was doing its best to drain every last drop of blood from his body and pool it there .
mrs . kerrington is n't very happy with woods about the whole thing .
of course , i spend extra time in the shower stroking out my morning wood so that i ' m able to have some semblance of decency the rest of the day .