some of the best minds in the world toiled away just minutes from his office , and he was positioned to capitalize off the fruit of their mental labor .
she 'd only accepted aliyah 's help when aliyah had insisted it was the fruit of her experience , nothing to do with her royal status .
i want declan to see the fruits of his spending limit the second he walks in the door .
` ` to not be able to fully enjoy the fruits of the earth .
when i worked with people in drug trials , i realized i enjoyed the fruits of one - on - one contact , making individuals better .
` ` fruit of knowledge . ''
it would mean everything to me if he could taste the fruit of life just once more .
he does it well , he enjoys his life and the fruits of his endeavors , but it is simply existence .
of course , that did not mean he could not enjoy the fruits of his labor .
and not just because he 'd been enjoying the fruits of marcus 's cellar along with the rest of them the previous night .
my job is demanding , but the fruits of the labor are rewarding .
blessed are we among all people , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , this world .
i helped him put stuff away while inspecting the delicacies his mom had sent home : turkey , mashed potatoes , peas and carrots , fruit salad , rolls , cherry pie .
yet the fruit of his labors , the prize , lay locked in the binder in the crook of spider 's arm , and john knew better than to trust spider 's seeming felicity .
it was the warm breeze coupled with the blue cloudless sky that made me want an afternoon of summer fun filled with hot dogs , fruit salad and football in the grass .
this was the work of his hands , the fruit of his labor , and he wielded his power without mercy .
he must constantly , viciously boil , she must constantly , violently forgive , but the fruits of their efforts are as naught .
let 's just say that he made his bones in the , ahem , shipping business , and now he s retired from the trade and enjoying the well - earned fruits of his labor .
you guys are so pretty , you have to be fruits !
right now ivan must be enjoying the fruits of his work , celebrating the victory at callirrhoe .
i m tired of discovering the fruits of his torrid love affairs .
when we reach our destination then he will give you his blessing and you shall go forth to create a new colony and you shall enjoy the fruits of his bounty and his generosity , you shall be fruitful and multiply according to his law .
while his controlling , power - hungry mother might have been instrumental in nero becoming emperor in 54 ad , she did not get to enjoy the fruits of her labor for long .
as most of their roas were spent training and hunting their prey , they relished this rare occasion to enjoy the fruits of their labor .
laron felt this one would bear him the fruit of oscar , but he did nt dare admit it to himself .
the blond mogul inquired as his blue eyes examined the fruit of his investment .
he was a rural farmer on the world of caspara , he 'd loved the hard work and effort that paid off each year with the fruits of his labor to feed his family another year .
then leaning back he surveyed the fruits of his miniature dig .
so you learned to fly in the united states and have since returned to enrich your people with the fruits of your skill and knowledge ?
he d already gotten a few names and contact info , while his mentor glibly watched him harvest the fruits of the lessons .
it was no vegas , but a charming reminder of the immortal fruits of human ambition nonetheless .
barring either the preservation of robots as supposedly human - like as jane , or a visit from extraterrestrials , these fruits of human labor would be like the proverbial falling tree .
perhaps succumbing to the force of the peace fruit was weak on our parts .
i see your point of view on the peace fruit now .
the man had killed two women while under the influence of the peace fruit .
we laughed so often that outsiders and passerby more than likely believed us to be consistently high on the peace fruit .
look at how he pushes the peace fruit at everyone .
if you want to play on both sides of the aisle , adam , then we will no longer be supplying you with any of the fruits of our labor , literal or otherwise .
that was about the length of time it took him to pluck the fruits of all the local talent .
i agree with you wholeheartedly in regards to the peace fruit .
they displayed a desperate hunger to absorb the fruits of imperial culture , all of which they had constant access to but so little of which they understood .
the access to the global market is much appreciated , but there is something wrong when an aesthetic commoditys own creator has no idea what to charge for the fruit of his or her labor .
cloth and the fruits of the field , lockskin replied .
together we stand , together we shall fight , and united , even as united as the christian godhead is under one sovereignty , we shall prevail and overthrow , and evermore united , we shall enjoy the fruits of our labor and plottings .
out of breath we sunk to the floor and examined the fruits of raj 's labour .
you must join them , enjoy the fruits of their clandestine , but lucrative labours , or you must let life go on as it always has , convince yourself of the sanctity of the pact and live as though the doctrine is , in fact , upheld as sacrosanct by those around you . ''
the government announced it would continue gaiacorp 's research and development , and shortly share the fruits of their labour with the public .
what has fruit got to do with this ?
it led them to settle on ansatz in the forgiving dark , where they traded the fruits of their genius for dreams , in penance for the sins of their violent siblings .
actually , all jobs in a gurrow grouping - where a ' job ' is defined as regular work , the fruits of which adhere to others in addition to the worker himself - are divided into two classes : one , voluntary jobs , and the other , involuntary or community jobs .
this city was all they had , the fruit of their own labor , the greatest achievement of the new law robots .
it was the first fruit of interstellar travel , the first dawn of an immense new era .
he did not want to have invented psychohistory so that some stripling could come in and reap the final fruits of fame .
and ghanima thought about the reflected mother - within , said : ` ` our mother exists now for me in the alam al - mythal with the others , but she has tasted the fruit of hell .
jason ordered coffee only ; miss dominic had a fruit salad and iced tea .
` ` however , '' arnie said , ` ` there 's the problem that those un fruits control the waterways , and we got to have water ; we need them for conveyance into and out of the settlement and for source of power and to drink and like now , like we 're here bathing .
ten heartbeats , to bring forth the fruit of her sin , the proceeds of her most horrific act .
fruit bat tasted remarkably like sweet guinea pig . ''
but lien had now had charge of napoleon 's aerial forces and his breeding programme for a full five years , and the fruits of her labor were everywhere to be observed not only in the looks but in the wide intelligence and education of the french dragons .
to have something so much like the fruits of evolution , but designed by human minds , was awe - inspiring .
rablek and i had put the fruits of our labors into stout canvas bags , and i had forty of those bags .
when you want to punish a tolnedran , all you have to do is take the fruits of his thievery away from him .
' even as the trolls supplanted the dawn - men and as we are supplanting the trolls , so will you despised delphae become our masters , putting aside our gods and kenneling us like dogs in uninhabitable wastelands while you enjoy the fruits of the earth .
if we do it that way , everybody in all of tamuli will have nightmares about the fruits of treason for years afterward .
' we thought we might share the fruits of our discussions - out of ehlana 's hearing . '
at the end of the hour , they stopped to survey the fruits of their labours .
zandramas , however , hath rejected the fruits of her reasoning and hath striven to circumvent her conclusions . '
the officer received the fruit of their day 's labour - about a hogshead full .
and the old storyteller , laughing , would flee with the boy to some secluded place where they would feast on the fruits of their pilferage and the old man , tasting frequently from a flagon of stolen wine or beer , would regale his student with stories out of the dim past .
brother couples with sister in the bed of kings , and the fruit of their incest capers in his palace to the piping of a twisted little monkey demon .
` ` the fruits of victory await pision . ''
the noble grazdan had once owned a slave woman who was a very fine weaver , it seemed ; the fruits of her loom were greatly valued , not only in meereen , but in new ghis and astapor and qarth .
when they are gone , we will make a fruit market of what they leave behind . ''
` ` yes , '' she said , ` ` though i wonder if they might not have preferred to have the fruits of men . ''
i close my eyelashes , smelling the familiar odors of planet earth , breathing the rich aroma of fresh dirt , wild flowers , fresh fruit berries , green pastures , assorted wildlife , and woodlands forests floating around me on resort .
although , hang on fruit !
link looked with fond admiration at the fruit of his exploration then slapped his forehead with annoyance .
that ought to do it , he said quietly to himself , as he browsed through the fruits of his labour .
he spoke the t in fruit with emphasis .
women our age should be enjoying the fruits of our labor somewhere in the desert next to a pool with a cute cabana boy and a drink with an umbrella in it .
i gave them the fruit of knowledge , as you might recognize from the bible and such , a metaphorical term and no more .
shit , jesus may walk this earth in body and spirit and the fruits of the earth may be given , we might fill our stomachs and be happy , but ...
well said ; yet still a man may know all these things severally , love , beauty , truth and freedom , and still not have the fruit of them all , by which he may enter avalon .
now you are able to see that the fruit of true wisdom is not manifest in a person removed from society .
finally i have woken up , overwhelmed by the very same divine spiritual essence of which we are all a part that has also been poured into the world immediately surrounding us the fruit of this experience , which i see we share , is not only a deep and rich awareness , but also the love and compassion we feel .
she s spent two years at spenta , attending every weekly session , with only summers and christmases off , diligently working on her homework , submitting to biannual reassessments , enjoying the fruits of this different life of hers , making new friends online , especially on flickr .
she thought back to mac , the original chameleon , and how he had not lived to enjoy the fruits of his labours .
and , as someone who does nt believe in the afterlife , i ca nt say i d get to enjoy the fruits of my labor .
lepage engaged the young man , paying lip service to the communal enjoyment of the fruits of the earth and the principle that an individual should have an ownership interest in his own labor .
they are enjoying the fruits of the working classs labors , but for the rest of us this era does not have any luster .
patrick could see how she relished unveiling the fruits of her research to him .
it was only through the miracles of science that the doctors at massachusetts general hospital on fruit street were able to save the poor girl ( or , as sarah would explain , the miracle of prayer ) and siobhan was expected to live a long and normal life .
the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil .
since then , long has been enjoying the fruits of his solo acting career by collaborating with chow .
yes they were really very lucky , he had worked hard and now it was time to enjoy the fruits of his labour .
the familia has recently started to enjoy the fruits of their hard work .
captain rosales kept the fruits of the extra benefits for himself and his few loyal subordinates .
you d have thought he might have considered himself charmed to enjoy the fruits of such a ripe , sought after plaything , but he seemed to consider her his entitlement .
i have wine , soda , fruit juice '' ` ` do you have any coffee ? ''
good sense dictated that he should merely sit back and enjoy the fruits of his success , but sometimes he actually missed the eighty - hour weeks and the mad monthly scramble to hit the streets with another issue .
the fruits of industry will be shared with the public in general and the dependent underclasses in particular .
chris did nt get to enjoy the fruits of his labor , however .
the thieves are supposed to enjoy the fruits of their thieving by reading old copies of the corriere della sera .
i could be taking a tour of another artists studio , looking at the fruits of his work and at his collections , and it would be the same .
to him , tempting death was tasting the fruits of life .
first , people and businesses produce , then they consume the fruits of their labor .
gone were the days of communist ideology , where managers were required to live in the same housing as their workers , in order to foster an environment of visible equality : now , the fruits of labour were only too apparent and aimed at being divisive .
sex is the fruit of the love poem , which of course is a very sweet fruit , not to be downplayed by any great lover .
our old tarp was tied firmly in place , securing the fruits of our labor , ninety pounds of which had been picked by me over the past two days .
chapter 24 - fruit d ? fendu when he got back to his room he was touched to find all his belongings put away and in the bathroom his toothbrush and shaving things neatly arranged at one end of the glass shelf over the wash - basin .
it must have been a vast hoard , the fruits of countless raids on hispaniola , of the capture of innumerable treasure - ships sailing for the plate , of the sacking of panama and the looting of maracaibo .
but as michael 's ideas began to bear fruit and the profits poured in , granelli had second thoughts .
give us the strength to bear our hardships on this earth , so that we may enjoy the fruits of heaven when we are called .
it had been pratt who 'd fought weekly with his partner , but who , over time , had come to enjoy the fruits of their enormous success .
our creation was armed with that inside information , because the choicest fruits of our intelligence were placed at his disposal .
with the dead man went the fruits of several months of hard , concentrated research , complicated planning , and risky covert surveillance .
the fruits of his industriousness were wealth , happiness , and stability .
as leader , he was expected to fully support himself with the fruits of his conquests .
` ` the fruits of four years in hiding . ''
herbert was a decent if wishy - washy man who , it is safe to say , would be appalled by some of the things the sole fruit of his loins gets up to .
' we 'll see how sweet they are , ' said de montferrat , fading fast , ' the fruits of your labours .
i think fruit turns you on .
as he paused to admire the fruits of his own genius , his cell phone began to ring in his pants pocket .
all the worse , should he decide to profit from the formidable fruits of his labor .
you ' ve got a great body , and you do n't see me trying to get into your fruit of the looms . ''
a driving , primal lust to exercise their power , to enjoy its many fruits , sensual or painful .
we have frittered away all those thousands of years ' worth of knowledge and become lazy , enjoying the fruits of their hard labor .
roslyn stared at the sequined fruit glittering on my black t - shirt .
her aunt had tried to get her to see a psychiatrist about it but that would mean someone being completely focused on her and well ... was n't that really the whole fruit of her fear .
the young ones incurred all the risk , while those at the top lavished in the fruits of their labor .
he will forgive me , i pray , for plowing familiar ground , but it must be broken , else no seed may germinate that will yield the fruit of success in this , our most grave undertaking .
we had succeeded in bringing both peace and freedom to our people and all of us had fought vigilantly to ensure that our people would enjoy the fruits of our labor for thousands of years to come .
no matter how far they have fallen , they are the first fruits of the divine imagination .
when a company seeks to maximize its profit by depriving its employees of their rightful share in the fruits of their labors it is inflicting harm not only on them but as we have recently found out on society as a whole .
he even imagined a few children running around , enjoying the fruit of his labour .
generations of hardworking men and women toiled and fought to provide a place for their children to have the opportunity to live free in a country where they could enjoy the fruits of their labor and pass their bounty on to their children .
it was a place where she could relax and enjoy the fruits of her labors .
i have my eye on you , lieutenant henrik , and soon all the world will see the fruit of your efforts .
the fruits of this valley i remember well . ''
returning to their optimal viewing area below the balcony , the sisters wait to see the fruits of their labor .
however , the fruits of revenge are not what we expect them to be .
the fruits of revenge are not always as pleasing as they look hanging upon the branch .
secondly neither we nor vanquar have enjoyed the fruits of our first album so do nt be worrying about the second and we ve already got enough new and old songs for another two albums at least .
not a good place to try to live off the fruits of the land . ` `
although he bore neither party any particular ill will , neither was he averse to stirring up a situation and then sitting back to enjoy the fruits of his devilment .
tahir joined the sprites and gnomes at the tables to enjoy the fruits of their labor .
may god crown thee with the crown of glory , dunstan intoned , and with honor and justice , and the strength of fortitude , that by virtue of our benediction , and by a right faith of the various fruits of good works , thou may attain to the crown of the everlasting kingdom , through his bounty , whose kingdom endures forever .
you must offer your soul to god before you expect the fruits of his good will for your body .
peace be with you , chaiko said in elk , for contentment is the fruit of peace .
nearly the opposite was true , renegade , as i will now show you and this crowd the fruits of my labor .
elly said , giggling and holding up a pair of antoines fruit of the looms .
# after what felt like hours , jaret was covetously enjoying the fruit of his labors .
there is only one first kill and thou should enjoy the fruits of thine efforts .
but she did n't know when she 'd come across fruit again .
christians eyes grew wide as he wandered among stalls laden with loaves of warm bread , fresh apples and fruit pies , cider in barrels and new milk in jugs , bright painted eggs , trussed and squawking chickens tied on poles and tubs of wriggling eels .
he sat back like a wiry potentate , rubbing a hand across his bald skull in eager anticipation of the fruits of his creation .
here i invited my companions ( of a certain level of wealth and social standing ) to drink and dine with me until the end of the world , secure in our might of arms , our strength of purpose ; our mighty greed that has carved out this empire on the earth and has subjugated man , woman and beast to bear our burdens and bring the fruits of their labour to be devoured by us .
here i made my stand and planned to stand in peace consuming the fruits of the world as is my god - given right .
no , he was nt going to allow this dire misfortune , nor the frenzy it had brought on , to taint the fruits of his ambition whose new goal was to restore order to the realm , even if it meant producing bloody royen the eternal out of the nothingness of his profound disbelief .
they saw the good woodwork of my uncles furnishings , the excellent weavings of my aunt , all these fruits of cab coh .
we can and should believe that each of us is smart enough to freely make such decisions for ourselves and happily enjoy the abundant fruits of such worthy efforts .
and she remembered charging the enemy in a rage , and feeling intense satisfaction as blood spat out around his sword and she remembered , holding up his shield , and looking to the left and the right , and seeing a long line of similar shields , and another line behind that , and another , and feeling strong , invincible and she remembered , despising civilians who lived off the fruits of war , but never fought , and she remembered , sitting around the campfire , singing songs and laughing and she remembered , forcing himself to torture the prisoner , and she remembered , the endless march , thinking of nothing but making himself to take one more step and she remembered , feeling guilty , because he had survived , and his comrades had not and she remembered , feeling everything go right as if in a dance , or a dream , meeting one opponent after another and overcoming them one by one , effortlessly and she remembered , being ashamed to be taken prisoner , but being exhausted , and in pain , and wanting to live , or at least to stop forcing himself to be ever brave and honorable , and she remembered , falling in love with one of the enemy and she remembered , the insane joy of looting , breaking open cabinets and vaults , tossing things to his comrades , whooping and laughing , pouring fine wine over his head , just touching one thing after another , and sharing in the mass , repeated rape of enemy women and she remembered , patriotic celebrations , songs , and speeches , and she remembered , laughing at the way civilians complained about trivial things and she remembered , helplessly watching the vulture , until it plucked out both his eyes and she remembered , feeling kindly towards the new recruit and she remembered , the promised reinforcements never showing up and she remembered , hiding his son under the floor , while the army recruiters searched the village and she remembered , holding up his shield , and looking to the left and the right , and seeing a long line of shields , and another line behind that , and another , and feeling very vulnerable , anyway and she remembered , glowing with pride , because he had not run away and she remembered , hesitating outside the recruitment office and she remembered , sitting in the tent with maps , needing to make decisions , but lacking information and she remembered , fraternizing with the enemy , and she remembered , being under siege , the twentieth day without food and she remembered , being willing to die for general tsikigliash and she remembered , the pain going on and on and on and on , and wanting to die , but too weak to do anything at all and she remembered , deserting , and realizing it was a mistake , and that it was too late to go back and she remembered , being honored as a hero and she remembered , the long line of prisoners , hundreds of them , leading to the temple where they would be offered as human sacrifices and she remembered , the victory parade , with people on both sides of the street cheering them and she remembered , the wall beginning to crumble under the blows of the ram and she remembered , accepting the suicide mission and she remembered , watching his own son , at two years old , playing with a stick sword by all the gods , she exclaimed to ixuan , what a strange and terrible life !
besides , if you are constantly struggling for supremacy , you wo nt have much time to relax and enjoy the fruits of your labors .
it appears that the net effect of all this is , that you will acquire a certain amount of the fruits of our labor , without giving us anything in return .
battle with his captains , and while crassus demonstrated the fruits of a lifetime of preparation to succeed his father 's title .
if she had been grounded , it might have answered ; but thank god , no need to think of that anymore , or anything like , '' and he jerked his chin gladly at the tightly lidded box which held the fruits of their day 's labors , to be carried back to capetown in the morning : lily would certainly be the next recipient .
he tried to tell himself that the purpose was edifying - the harder they worked , the more they would appreciate the fruit of their labors .
` ` they behave that way in the wild ; the deadlier breeds demand first fruits of the hunt , and the weaker give way .
anyone who took a contract to go out into the black carrying the questionable fruits of human industry would by definition outlive everyone who stayed behind .
as is a point to a line , so is that world to the far - off fruits of its redeeming .
no one cared about how i spent my time , so i enjoyed the fruits of life - played with other children growing up , spent time with my mother , fished , drank , hunted ... i did whatever pleased me .
any human side in the bears would be pushed to the back so they could enjoy the fruits of their labor .
demeter had given him three laws : honor parents , harm no animal , and glorify the gods with earth 's first fruits .
eleusis , as the ancient abode of demeter , received annual first fruits from all states , not just nearby farms , as it had for the last three hundred years , ever since a festival and sacrifice to demeter had ended a great famine .
today we have become the wasters of the worlds resources and have manipulated events to insure instability to protect , what we consider our god given rights , to oil , and the fruits of our desires .
i ve never gone to so much trouble for any girlmonths of wooing and planning , aching and burning for the night when i could finally enjoy the fruits of my labors .
it 's wrong only if he is attached to the fruits of battle , if he does it for gain .
he liked celebrating the fruits of anyones labor .
you will meet elisha , gera told bat gad , in pentecosts ceremony , in which people bring their first fruits of the year- to gods priests .
you 're throwing away the fruits of your own and our family 's lifelong investment in your education and service to the church .
the fruit of the spirit was a mental shield against the spiritual attack of the kingdom of darkness .
fellow macedonians , fellow greeks , fellow comrades , we have been enjoying the fruits of victory and congratulated ourselves with feasting and revelry .
they yearn for home , where they may spend the fruits of conquest with their families . ''
its not many women can claim to put on a meal like this , all with the fruits of their own labors .
modern human culture and society are now totally dependent on the fruits of scientific research ( look at the scientific technology behind the device you are using to read this ! !
she had probably tasted the fruits of binnaker 's anger before and knew how terrible they could be , and even if she had not , she had surely seen him torture and kill enough other people to know the atrocities he was capable of .
wiping her brow with her apron , she wonders how much longer it will be before all the fruits of their labor are gathered .
the fruit of their lives , its joy and the testament of their love .
but he had gone along with them over the years and enjoyed the fruits of their success .
bound to the land and not free to leave it were the taeogion , who provided the chief , his war band and his family with the fruits of their agricultural labor .
very few people understand the fine fruits of necrophagia , but daren was a true connoisseur !
this fortune of ours is not the goal which we must inhale , but you / he / she must be the mean that allows us to live more freely the possible , enjoying of the immense ones , pleasant fruits to our disposition . ''
this drastic decision , dictated only apparently by the sudden overwhelming passion that had invested them , it was in reality for both fruit of a shiny reflection a lot of pragmatica .
anna , at lunchtime , cruised up to the parking lot at fruit ridge high school .
part iiiwinter fruit chapter nineteen the first thing colbie noticed was the odortoo many cats .
most would succumb to the abuse inflicted on their feeble bodies before they ever got the chance to enjoy the fruits of their efforts .
while castle rock was bearing the first real fruits of mr . gaunt 's labors , she was out at the end of town road # 3 , at the old camber place .
he was naked except for fruit of the loom shorts .
but unfortunately , trevick did not appreciate this poetic insight into his fate , even as he gazed after his erstwhile guest , which only goes to show how often we pander to observe superstitions , but never think to profit by the fruits of them when they appear .
oh child , once you go fruit booties , you ll never want anything else .
a lot of people actually living in arizona think the place is glamorous but that is because they never go anywhere off the beaten track to the really wrecked places or they are living off the fruits of the earlier bastards who were here a long time ago .
the face of her little tank of a mother was absolutely glowing with pride that the fruit of her seventy six hours of labor had finally returned to the nest and brought along a child and an utterly gorgeous hunk of man meat .
in guatemala , the cia sponsored radical opponents of the guatemalan president because that president wanted to redistribute some of the land that united fruits owned back to the peasants so that they could grow enough food to feed themselves .
the three of them watched as the men loaded the fruits of their labor .
if we humans manage to damage the planet irreparably with our overly industrious ways , we will have learned about the fruits of ambition ( the poster child of hubris ) the hard way .
we did good , and we can enjoy the fruits of our labor for a while before we have to worry about being stigmatized , socially .
no , dad , plans to sit back and enjoy the fruits of all those big deals that have gone before !
when the peepholes start squealing freedom , freedom- who am i to stand on their filthy necks , who am i to display their broken bodies , who am i to enjoy the fruits of their children ?
so i sprawled out on my stack of pillows with henri by my side , sipping fruit juice from a crystal glass , eating junk food , and wishing rhett had rescued me out of atlanta .
tuesday june 5th 2012 i d booked today off so i made sure i was ready with breakfast in the morning for alison , fruit salad and a bowl of cereal .
although my eyes have been opened to the point where i know , intellectually and logically , that this nation has no other existence than that we concur into bestowing upon it , on the other hand , physically , emotionally , and as a conscientious consumer , i can not prevent myself from being caught in the trap and believe that i truly live in this imaginary country , fruit of a monstrous conspiracy , an astonishing commercial and advertising enterprise which is stamped with the sign made in usa .
lloyd was mesmerized by the thoughts of this heroic character crossing thousands of miles of land by donkey to grasp the promised fruits of freedom in these great united states of america .
it means that someday you will meet a man with lots of wealth and power who rules a lot of people , can do whatever he wants with them , send them off to war to die or kill if he wants to , tax the fruits of their labor until they are starving , rape their daughters .
but the fruit of the spirit is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , quoted bruce softly in the night air as he continued assembling the sculpture , his practiced hands moving deftly as they twisted and turned , grasped and gripped , creating magic from metal .
looking into those faces he could taste the fruit of everything that he d sown in recent months , and standing in the presence of that palpable emptiness , he knew that everything he d suspected was right .
she even allowed herself to taste the pleasure of renown , to contemplate the coming fruits of her labor , an indulgence which her bear did nt take too kindly to .
he left an elaborate structure of plastic bricks and wheels and angles and tiles behind : the fruits of quiet and concentrated labor which they had watched in silence or whispers .
then she read : austerity , study , and the dedication of the fruits of ones work to god : these are the preliminary steps toward yoga .
were we to cease to desire , cease to want to becomeand be content simply to bewe would cease to put a future there in which to reap the fruits , in which to become .
when a man becomes steadfast in his abstention from falsehood he gets the power of obtaining for himself and others the fruits of good deeds , without having to perform the deeds themselves .
and helena the hero will gather all the fruits of success and save loser lizzie from a life of obscurity , transform her into lovely lizzie and they will both become fine women with the world at their feet .
i added , and we politicians thank you , oh lord , that the people believe that it entitles us to rule forever , because it stops them from asking questions while we feed off the milk and honey that are our fruits of independence .
how can they markup fruit 400 % ?
long nights like this were worth it , when he could look out and see the fruits of his labor .
he had lived amongst a people ready to forgive and had enjoy the fruits of receiving forgiveness .
death has been the fruit of the dishonesty that i have sown .
you may hoard the fruits of ecealdors blessing , but you can not hide away his draught of fullness .
war certainly shows mankind at its worst , the fruit of ambition and greed realized .
the seed of mistrust bears the fruit of anger , rivalry , jealousy and a spectrum of negative feelings .
women always seek root goodness whereas men would look for the fruits of goodness .
a minority of people have usurped indian democratic fruit .
the rule of law , the benefits of welfare state , a civil administration , the dispensation of justice , the fruit of economic growth are still like islands in vast sea , available only to a few in big cities but poorly visible in majority of india .
one responds , retiring to fetch a glass from heaven that will allow four to drink in harmony the fruits of the land .
she has watched you from afar , refusing to intercede in situations which she knew would cause you intense psychological damage , and instead she has reveled in the hollow fruits yielded of her own inaction .
the reality the world misses is that we do live together here , enjoying the fruit of this great , god - blessed land .
but let us defer speaking of it , as if this evening were the beginning of the festival in which we must offer the fruits of our joy , and mingle no mourning with them .
then binky abu saed chimed in with the fruits of his big think .
we have a national philosophy that we should accomplish as much is possible before we die , enjoy the fruits of our labors , pay as little as possible for government services , buy what we think we need for our own lives rather than being forced to pay for other people 's needs .
the founders of the academy believed that the fruit of the work pursued within these walls should be available to all .
he had decided to spend the morning enjoying the fruits of his labors ... he was thinking why should he wait until he was too old ... like they say ...
although the government is annoyed at banks intent to allow the fruits of joint investment to ripen in germany , it is known that beresford was prepared to take direct action to stop him .
learn then from this story not to fear the fruits of the past , but rather to be circumspect in the future , that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so grievously may not again be loosed to our undoing .
saddly she never saw the fruit of her efforts .
he had put his butt on the line many times and after which he had an uncontrollable desire to taste the best of the fruits of life .
he lived alone , except for the dog , and spent most of his off - time in molly 's bar , enjoying the fruits of his labor .
only in the last few years , having cleared the bills of exchange , had louis enjoyed the fruits of his labour .
made enough dough from the fashion trade and now they want to get out and enjoy the fruits of their labour .
van gogh never enjoyed the fruits of his genius .
have you forgotten the sermon on the fruits of the spirit ?
lets put it in the shop to remind us of the fruits of the spirit .
she and her mother had worked hard for months to set up their business , and the fruits of their labor were now before her , wearing stunning suits and cocktail dresses , sipping glittery drinks and eating ornate appetizers .
she and dante worked hard on it , but they rarely enjoyed the fruits of their labor .
on both sides of the line , the key players began harvesting the fruits of the 1980s .
the fruit of his loins .
for the next five days , i spent my mornings relaxing in bed with fresh pastries and fruit salad reading about alpha males and swooning heroines , while my afternoons were spent with kes and the boys in his quarters .
while david got to enjoy the fruits of his hard work , paul had to be the one with all the answers .
he was beaming at me , hands thrust deep in his pockets , just enjoying the fruits of his labors .
they 'd been trying to push me out , coaxing me to enjoy the fruits of my labor .
animated , the friends grabbed a notebook and showed her the fruits of their research .
the ladies of the church and the youth helped serve the delicious dinner of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , pasta salad , coleslaw , fruit salad , mixed vegetables , hot rolls , iced tea , coffee , and punch .
using opposing magics , one to draw and one to repel , her theory had borne fruit with only a little tweaking .
had last night simply been a seduction so hal linden could control the fruits of two years of morgans blood , sweat and tears ?
the fruits of years of labor were about to be harvested .
as we strolled , her and i , we spoke of the social injustices and economic challenges that hindered our beloved africa from the fruits of prosperity .
the other being the titanic : filled with ample fruits of exultance in its journey ; but perhaps also decease in the end .
how we can so easily find the fruits of love , nevertheless , easily suffer their loss like the feeble minded .
she smiled as she reflected on the knitting group at the church in charlotte , and the preemie babies who received the fruits of their labor , especially little carson and his mom .
she was working at the high school in fruit hill , as a librarian .
he was up for the challenge as long as he was allowed to enjoy the fruits of his labor someday .
it is time for you to come home and rejuvenate , enjoy the fruits of you labor .
he wasted no time in wanting to enjoy the fruits of marriage and anna really wanted to give william what he wanted .
jeff had put together an impressive spread of food , sandwiches , potato salad , pasta salad , fruit salad , key lime pie , sparkling mineral water , and a bottle of expensive champagne .
those towering white spires to the right were trees in the grove of life ; the silvery blossoms in full bloom to the left would soon bear the fruits of the orchard of knowledge .
there are still those in the academy who would choose to mislabel the fruits of talent and hard work as the results of preferment and prostitution .
i am known for having a great handle on the fruits of the spirit . ''
and the fruit of the holy spirit : love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self - control .